Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Thanks Mark. And I think when you sit there, you see the performance we put up which we're very proud of. But in many ways, a lot of where the recovery is across our business is still pretty early. And I think the first thing framed to your question is probably around where can, we meet demand a little bit. And I would still tell you one of the things is, with this quarter with some of the supply chain elements that happened within TE, there is about $100 million of revenue we estimate across our segments that due to our supply chain we couldn't get out to customers. So we are still trying to get up to the level of demand that's out there. And certainly with the supply chain issues, we estimate it's about in quarter three, $100 million. We think it will be a similar amount in quarter four. But -- and that's really where materials impact us around metals and resins. And we think that will be with us a little bit. But, when you think through the markets and you think about where auto production is at right now, auto production this year with the $19 million we expect in the fourth quarter is still significantly below 2019 levels, that $81 million units this year will still be down from $88 million in 2019. And certainly are being troubled a little bit by some of the semiconductor supply chain. So we think, as you think through the cycle, auto production can go up as we do look forward. Certainly content is going to help us. We also have in industrial. As I mentioned in my comments, it really feels like, it's just getting started. Our medical business is picking up. Our energy business that was pretty resilient continues to be strong. And you're seeing what we started a couple of quarters ago around industrial equipment. We continue to see that picking up as you have CapEx. And then in communications cloud CapEx was up 20% this year. It's expected to be up 10% next year. So we still see there are big drivers for us that will help us. And on the margin side, we still have margin improvement that we need to deliver in two or three segments and they are our largest segments. So certainly, we're working through the supply chain elements that I think everybody in the plant is working through. And we still see margin improvement back up to where we told you on our business model going forward. So the cycle is a recovery. And one of the things we feel very good about is the consumer is showing up whether it be to buy cars, whether it be to buy appliances. And companies now are showing up. So it'll probably be lumpy but I would tell you it feels very good from the drivers that we positioned TE around. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. No, thanks for the question. Let me -- supply chain, I guess, we're all using more than we would like to use on coal. So, let me make sure, what it means to TE. First of all, let's -- it all starts with end demand in our customers. So, let me spend a little bit on what we're feeling from customers. Certainly, customers are trying to make sure, they recover. And in some cases, when you think about what we go into, and you can take a car. A car has 30,000 parts. If one or two or three parts, they can't procure, they struggle making a car. And so, what you have right now because of the recovery being faster, you have everybody's scrambling. And also, you have a lot of the data signals that are coming down from our customers are changing a lot as they're trying to make sure they meet customer demand. So, the first thing I would say from a supply chain is, pretty severe volatility, coming from our customers, as they're trying to make sure, they get up and running. And unfortunately, in some cases, you've seen customers having to stop production because of things like semiconductors. So that creates volatility. Now, when you look in our world, it is important that when you think about TE, we are a manufacturer. We start from very base materials with what we innovate we make. And so, from that viewpoint, the biggest things that we use are things that are plastic, certainly resins from commodity all the way up to very highly engineered things that help with flame retardancy and temperature, as well as metals that are used for conductivity. So, when you sit there in those two key areas, we did have some areas, where resin supply was impacted, and certainly metal supply has been impacted. And what that has created for us is not only is supply impacted, we've had to do some things that aren't as natural for TE, which is we might have supply due to our global supply chain in certain parts of the world, and we may be shipping things around the world. So, not only the availability, it's also created some of those pressures as you said it in your question that we're managing. Because guess what, we're trying to really make sure, we ramp, we help our customers. And the reality of it is, this is going to be with us. We've been dealing with it in the recovery. I wouldn't say it's getting better. But I would say, we're going to continue to begin with it through our fiscal year and into early next year, as we're trying to pick up to a world that's recovering. And this type of recovery, whether you see it in our orders or in the supply chain, means there's a fast recovery that's happening out there, as people are trying to catch up to. So hopefully, that gives some flavor. And I think, our teams have actually been managing it through the volume, the price and the productivity, as you've seen our results.
Terrence Curtin: So, number one is from a momentum perspective, the momentum that we've talked about has not changed. And there's really two factors. We benefit from our global position. We also benefit from the technology that we bring as you move to high-voltage architecture, whether that being connecting, it being to sensors that are resolvers and current sensors when you get into electric motors. And when you look at it to conceptualize a little bit, I'll go back to what I talked a little bit about last call or the call before which is what it means to our content. A few years back, we were in the low $60s before in content. We're in the 70s now. And when you think about that $10 increase in content, approximately half of that is due to high voltage. So that's about $5 of content at the total TE level across all production that has translated into revenue. And that's a key driver as we say for our content can grow above $80. So realize there's only 9 million electric vehicles made this year. What's great is that that adoption continues to accelerate. It didn't stop during COVID. And certainly, as that accelerates, that's going to continue to drive content outperformance for us. And it actually just continues to accelerate all around the world and it's nice to see the traction in places even like the United States which has always been a slower adopter of the technology actually pick up as well as the models that are coming out from all our global customers are showing how this trend is picking up.
Terrence Curtin: Scott, great question. And good to hear from you. I think the thing that you look at I wouldn't say -- when you think about does that learning out of that recall provide extra content? I wouldn't say it does, but I think it shows how fast the technology is moving as well as when you look at the architecture evolution, the pace of which it's coming at. When you think about combustion engines and how long they took to develop as well as everybody getting their models out, you will have situations where there will be events that there will be learnings of what -- how do you need to harden the electrical architecture. I don't think that will create incremental content opportunity. But what I would tell you for TE is when those issues occur, we're the type of company that they look to. Because we're working on up to 1000 volts. We play not only from the charger inlet, we play into where the motors go the high-voltage there. You also play on what's happening on the cell-to-cell or module-to-module connections as well as the sensing that occurs. So certainly, GM will really work hard to make sure those types of events won't occur in the future. But actually, it also creates a bigger opportunity for stickiness for us. And certainly, on the new truck platforms at GM, we have very strong content that's in line with that 2X content we've talked to you about.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. So Chris, when we look at it I think – let me take a step back just for a second. With what we do around our interconnect and sensing portfolio, anywhere you have data, you have power, you have sensing and guess what getting into smaller packages and then higher power and higher data that's what our engineers do. And so when you deal with high-voltage architecture in a car, certainly, our customers that's why they like the position we have and it's a global position as I said where we design all around the world with all the OEMs. So when you think about it, it is – one point, I want to highlight is the low voltage architecture carries over for us, because you're not putting in your low voltage applications onto the battery and the motors. So our low voltage carries over. And where we really get into – and I mentioned it to Scott's question it starts at the charging inlet. It goes into, how does – you get the connections and the sensing occur, around the high-voltage connection that you need around the motors. It gets into the battery solutions. It gets into the contactors that we provide to switch the power over as you go from DC to AC and back, as well as the position in the current sensors. So it's completely across, and I think the other thing that's unique for us versus some others that might be a Tier 1 – now we're Tier 2. Our customers really like that we're agnostic. We are there to solve their challenges that they're trying to get to. How are they trying to solve fast charging? What type of cells are they using in their battery pack? And that agnostic element is what they really like about our global position as they come into and we focus on the connection systems. We don't get complicated about harnesses and other things. That's what the Tier 1's do. But it's really about the connection technology that we invest in as they think about the platforms and how they have to evolve these platforms. And that's where you get the content increase that we mentioned and we shared examples. But it gives us a real content opportunity to double our content in electric vehicles. And like I said earlier, the content growth you're seeing in TE about half of it over the past couple of years is due to high voltage wins.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi. And I guess, I have to give you the caveat that, we only guide for the fourth quarter, and we'll talk to you in 90 days about what we see going into 2022. But I just do want to reflect on what we say our business model is maybe before I talk to markets. It is about the content we've talked about even to your questions. It is about where our underlying production – go in the different – various markets that we serve. And it is about also continuing to capitalize on some of the execution things that Heath talked about on restructuring. We're still not at the target margin in two of our three segments, and its how do we use that capital to return it to you. So I do think it's important – that's the way we think about TE, and it's important that we keep it in front of us. And some of this I talked about. In transportation, we do still see a runway around production. Semiconductors had been a little bit of a governor this year. That probably will get fixed I think people see in 2022 at some point. But also that the consumer demand and inventory being depleted on car lots really are something that you could see auto production going up. Certainly our content will continue. In industrial, manufacturing CapEx is accelerating. I mentioned we're seeing it, in semiconductor we're benefiting from that. We're seeing it in the automation. We're benefiting from that. And what we're seeing in medical as well as energy looks like very nice legs to it. The one spot that we don't sort of see any signs of acceleration is around aerospace and defense. And that's just something -- there's good consumer trends. We aren't seeing it yet in that supply chain. And then, in communications, I would just say, cloud we expect to be strong, when it comes to appliances. The consumers are showing up strong. That probably will normalize at some point. I don't know if that will be in 2022 or later. But certainly we're benefiting from a very strong appliance cycle here around the consumer. So, really like how the end markets could be teeing up for 2022 and we'll share more with you in 90 days.
Terrence Curtin: Well, a couple of things that we do. So, it's not unreasonable to assume that people will be trying to hold a little bit more buffer stock right now. But as I said, we're not even able to make current full demand and I said that was about $100 million. We do actually make sure as we check with our customers. Actually in some cases, we visit their warehouses to make sure we don't see hoarding occurring. And we also talk to our OEM customers. Because let's realize in some cases we ship into Tier 1s. And there's lots of discussions between the OEM, the Tier 1s to make sure flow continues to happen. So, I'm sure in some parts, there maybe some people trying to build up a little bit extra buffer stock, especially in the supply chain environment. I would tell you we're still trying to get to make sure we keep demand flowing to keep production going with the OEM lines.
Terrence Curtin: You asked about three questions there. So no let me start at the total company level first. And we've had $4.5 billion of orders last quarter and this quarter. And if you take this quarter, we built $3.8 billion. I think when you look at that gap, that gap is certainly larger than normal. There is about $100 million of that gap that is real demand that due to our supply chain we could not fulfill. When you look at that remaining gap, I sort of think about it in a couple of buckets, and certainly, we look at it a lot. We study it by our different end markets. There is probably about half of that element which relates to our distribution partners. That is where people may not be able to get goods from us, they're looking to our channel partners to procure, and from that viewpoint we have seen an increase -- a very strong increase over the past two quarters in our channel partner orders. But what I would tell you, our channel partner inventory is at the same levels as last year. So their turn is up very big. They're placing orders. Certainly, we're not able to meet them to the levels that they're ordering. The other portion would be from our direct OEM customers and it will be that they're trying to make sure TE parts are not that one, two or three parts that they can't make something. So we have seen people go out an extra quarter in some of their ordering patterns due to the current environment. And I think as the supply chain continues to get better what you would see in places like transportation -- and transportation book-to-bill is typically around one. It's not typically 1.1, 1.2. And I think as the supply chain catches up you will see things get more normal and get closer to where they should be as they normalize and the whole supply chain gets better. So I would expect at some time orders will get closer to billings clearly as the supply chain continues to improve and things become better.
Terrence Curtin: No. Honestly, when you look at that, I know it's down by about 7% sequentially. I would say, when you look at that that's more around some of the normal summer shutdowns in transportation. Then I would say, it's a big deceleration. I would say, we continue to see orders even as we're into July stay at elevated levels, because the conditions we're in aren't changing. And I wouldn't say, it's one barometer negative or positive. It's just a little bit slower. And certainly we would normally see that as some of our customers do summer shutdowns in Europe in the automotive space and they are still doing those.
Terrence Curtin: Hey, Will, great question. Number one let's face it. The auto manufacturers are being creative because there's consumer demand. And let's face it they want to get the vehicles out. And if there's a feature where they can't get a component, they certainly are taking some of those features out near-term. I would tell you on our revenue while we do see that around certain OEMs that is not having a meaningful effect. Where we play in the core architecture and the electrical network as well as in the backbone in an EV, you may lose a couple of interconnects, but that is not that much from a big-picture content. And even if you look at our content growth this year over production, it's not evident in any way. So I would also say in this type of environment while you have some of that decontenting, they are also being able to add options to it, which we also benefit from. But that isn't meaningful and a big number either. So it would probably impact others more than us. But with our breadth that we have across where we play in the architecture, while they're doing it it's not having a meaningful impact on TE.
Terrence Curtin: Sure Matt and thanks. So a couple of things. Let me talk about the cloud element and then I'll talk about segment margins. On the cloud element, what's really been nice is -- and those of you that follow us, we very much -- our D&D business years ago, we basically made the strategic decision to get at consumer so we could focus on just high speed. And I remember when we had less than $100 million with our cloud customers. It's well over $300 million today. And our market share at one point in time was with one of the cloud providers. Our market share is pretty even across all the cloud providers and not only the US cloud provider but also globally. So the breadth and the strengthening of it as well as the share gain it's both the growth of the CapEx and their investment but also how our teams executed on share gain as well and bringing important technology to it. And it has been a strong cloud environment. I think I mentioned already close to 20% CapEx growth in cloud. What's nice is next year we still see double digit again. And as you not only get that underlying growth, it goes back to the secular trend around content is content to next generation as new chips come out on those servers we also benefit from our next-generation products from what the content is. So we feel very good with where we're positioned there. When you look at the segment margin performance by the team has been very strong. It's benefited not only by what we've done in cloud. I would also say our appliance business and that global leading position that growth there in that business has also very much contributed to the margin in that segment. So we still think that's a high-teens business through cycle. So with having both segments being very strong -- it's benefiting the margin there. And it's something that as probably appliance normalizes we could have some pressure. But net-net that that segment is above target margins is something we're proud of. 
Terrence Curtin: No Jim. It's Terrence. Twofold. We've been there quite frankly. So, to sort of go where we are on it across our channel partners, we did a price increase. And this is 20% of our business in January. We just implemented another price increase and we're going to continue to look in this environment. And our direct customers, we are having those discussions right now. We do have metal riders in many of our agreements that are sort of like towers. If you bust out of an area on metal, we have ability to recapture. And then when you deal with resins and freight which are newer, we are having those discussions with our customers. It's very different by industry. And that's what has been going on and that they will layer in at different times. But I feel we are having those discussions real time. 
Terrence Curtin: Two-fold. From a design perspective, when I think about the velocity and even coming through COVID, the velocity did not change during COVID. So, if anything, especially in transportation, specifically on EVs, you see the launches that are happening. You see the innovation that's happening real time. What typically happens with customers, I think, with all of us, is just seeing the pace continues to accelerate, because the consumer expects it. So -- and that's -- that I think not only is in transportation, it’s everywhere, but it's also how it goes through their supply chain. And also, some of the benefits we get in our industrial business over people's investments, including our own around how their factories have to be more flexible and digitized. When it comes to the question about supply chain design, clearly customers will reflect going through this period of what needs to be different. And the more JIT [ph] you are, they'll probably pick some spots of what do they have to do differently. I would say, we're not seeing anything near term. We don't see people thinking about vertically integrating interconnects versus maybe some other areas, especially in the transition to EV. But what's good is, we're very close to our customers. And hopefully, we can take advantage of it for opportunity for TE versus risk, as they work through it. Because, once again, being with every OEM, we have a pretty good purview, especially in automotive as we go forward. 
Heath Mitts: Sure, David. This is Heath. I'll take the questions. Listen I mean, first of all I think what we effectively had commented in my prepared statement was we're running at around 18% year-to-date in terms of margins. And we see that more or less continuing as we work our way into the fourth quarter. If you pick a particular quarter you're going to have timing issues given the – how diverse we are how we're set up globally. You're going to have timing issues in any one particular quarter. So I think you've got to be careful about just picking out a quarter and trying to compare it forward or backwards. Within our world there is price-cost differences between the different businesses. In some cases we're able to pass along that price more quickly, particularly if it runs through our channel partners where we have distribution in some of our businesses. Some are heavier dependent upon that. And in places where we don't have that distribution partner and that mechanism to pass along price that quickly it takes a little bit longer. So the realization of that is very mixed within our portfolio. The other thing to consider is we're still as we've talked about in the past we're still on this restructuring journey with some of our footprint optimization. And as part of that you're going to have timing issues of when you start to realize some of those savings versus the cost of getting some of those things done and you spend a little bit ahead of before you take things offline. So there's all kinds of different moving parts in a portfolio like ours. From an EPS perspective sequentially, we will have from a third quarter to fourth quarter we will have a tax headwind. Our tax rate is going to step up a couple of hundred basis points and that's fairly normal in terms of timing for the fourth quarter. So some of the EPS drop sequentially is tied to that tax rate. 
Heath Mitts: Sure. Steven, this is Heath. I'll take that. Our biggest input pressures that we have when we talk about things that are impacting our P&L would be around resins and being around certain specialty metals right that we use in our products. In many cases for the metals we do have a hedging program. That generally hedges out about 18 months of our anticipated usage or purchase and subsequent usage. So when we see inflation or deflation relative to the metals that tends to kind of layer in more quietly into our results both directions. So that is unchanged and we'll continue to do that. The bigger issue that we are seeing when we are looking at some of these -- and we throw them into the broader supply chain bucket is we do have local sourcing which is really good. It enables a lot of nimbleness and agility for our businesses whether that's in Asia, Europe or in the Americas to be able to procure product locally versus shipping things around the world. It also has the challenges that when we do have supply chain disruption in a particular location or in a particular region whether that's driven by natural causes like floods or otherwise the situation down in Texas earlier this year where a lot of the chemical companies came offline and put a lot of pressure through the resins and so forth in the Americas. Those types of things when they happen -- or floods in Germany. So when those things happen we still have to be responsive to our customers. So sometimes that means we are then moving some of our supply around the world and that can get very expensive. So the freight costs it's a long-winded way of saying some of the freight costs layer into some of the supply chain pressures as well from us because of some of our structure. For us we're going to continue to take advantage of those local supply chains and we just need to make sure that we have that flexibility going forward. In terms of our ability to manage it and when do we foresee it being part of the new norm I don't know. I mean the semicon doesn't impact us directly, but impacts our customers. So you're probably better equipped to come up with answers to when semicon shortages dissipate. In terms of some of the other things relative directly to us I would say, we're working through those and feel pretty good about how we're ready to jump into FY 2022.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Well, I mean first of all thanks for the questions. We've been pretty public with the journey that we're on within the industrial segment margins, right? And we started this in the low teens and with the multiyear trajectory through a lot of rooftop consolidations of getting this business into the high teens. We're kind of -- we're in that journey. We made a lot of improvements here in the quarter. Certainly, a couple of the things that industrial benefits from. One, the restructuring activity that has been underway continues. That comes in chunks of time as operations get taken offline. And so, you might have some costs in one quarter before something comes offline. And that tends to create quarter-to-quarter lumpiness, but we smooth it out over a year or longer. You can kind of see that result. The other thing is, and Terrence just hit on this, the industrial segment does benefit from the opportunity on the price side because more of the industrial business goes through distribution. And so fairly large chunks of our industrial segments did have the opportunity to not only do price increases back at the beginning of the calendar year, but in July implemented additional price increases. And that does have more of a near-term benefit for the segment versus some of the other segments where it's more of a direct to OEM relationship and it takes a little bit longer to work that way through. So those are a couple of the pieces. As we look forward in the fourth -- into the fourth quarter, listen, timing on things, you're always going to have that with the business as big and complex as we are. Our Industrial segment, being a $4 billion segment, has a lot of moving pieces. But I feel very good about the trajectory, as we move from the first half to second half or third quarter to fourth quarter. But I think even more importantly, as we work our way into 2022 and beyond, there is still margin upside for the segment and the team is hyper-focused on that, so more to come. Thanks for the question. 
Heath Mitts: Sure. This is Heath. I'll take the question. I think, in the quarter, and Terrence mentioned this earlier, that we quantify the supply chain impact to us and define it more or less as our availability to -- or in some cases, inability to get the input materials that we need. But that impact to us was about $100 million and I would say that probably two-thirds of that would have been in transportation. So our inability to ship was about $100 million that I would quantify on the topline for the supply chain impact. And obviously, the teams are scrambling day by day to recover that and keep customers happy. In terms of the flow-through, listen, the year-over-year flow-through I would -- we're proud of it. We're proud of it when we look at it and not just in the third quarter and anticipated flow-through in the fourth quarter, but also on a year-to-date and full year basis. And we are proud of it. I think yes, I would caution you last -- our compares last year were so far off relative to the severe downtick and that had a disproportionate impact to our margins as well last year. So, when we look at that on the downtick versus the recovery a year later, you're going to see some -- in a quarter -- in a given quarter, you're going to see some outsized numbers. I don't -- I would not want to guide you to reset your expectation that 40% is the new norm for our flow-through. We are still confident in that 30% to 35% number which was up -- which we took up earlier this year due to some of the restructuring activities that have been underway and I think it normalizes into that range. But you're going to have a quarter noise from time to time particularly in a year-over-year basis like we had in the third quarter.
