Tom Lynch: Thanks Bob. Please turn to slide 10 and I’ll cover our outlook at a higher level with additional details provided in the slide. Despite the softer market condition we are experiencing in China, we expect to deliver another solid quarter in Q4 with revenue of $3.1 billion up 3% organically year-over-year.  We expect adjusted EPS of $0.93, an increase of 6% year-over-year. Our Q4 outlook does include a significant headwind from currency exchange rates, which are negatively affecting our guidance by approximately $244 million in revenue and $0.10 per share in EPS versus the prior year.  Our fourth quarter performance will be driven by the continued strong performance of our automotive business and momentum in SubCom and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Industrial is expected to continue to be somewhat soft and will continue to be impacted by the uncertainty in China and ongoing weakness in oil and gas.  Please turn to slide 11. Note that the total impact of currency exchange rates for the year is approximately $925 million versus the prior year and $0.32 in EPS. To really provide a baseline for the performance of our business, revenue would be growing 11% and adjusted EPS would be growing by 19% year-over-year or not for the negative impact of the stronger dollar relative to other currencies.  Now before we open it up for Q&A, I thought I’d just add a few comments that I think are really important about our company. TE is the world leader in Connectivity and Sensor Solutions and building a leading position in Sensor Solutions, which is a great place to be in the increasingly connected world. And kind of just stepping back, Q3 organic growth is higher than last year, a little lower than our guidance, but its higher than last year. Q4 is a little lower. They have different mix, but nonetheless we are delivering solid organic growth in the second half, in a pretty uncertain economy and growing very solidly when you include the harsh environment M&A that we did last year.  As I mentioned, we are growing earnings almost 20% on 10% constant currency growth. This was a big year to really support our harsh environment strategy and I think it’s working very well. And on that subject, the harsh environment businesses continue to perform well despite the recent weakness in China. Q3 and Q4 organic growth is in the 2% to 3% range and 4% plus for the full year and 12% at constant currency.  Over the last three years we grew the harsh environment business over $1.6 billion in revenue and that’s including the foreign exchange headwinds. We grew the operating profit of those businesses about $500 million, again at current exchange rates and this portfolio now makes up about 80% of the company. And as we said before, the margins are well above company average. So I feel really, really good about the strength of our harsh business and the resiliency of our harsh businesses.  If you go back, this has powered about a 300 basis point improvement in operating margins since 2012. Sensors is a very exciting new growth platform with substantial sales and margin growth opportunity and we’re just at the very beginning of providing integrated packaging solutions. It’s very, very early, but I’ve talked to a lot of customers about this and the opportunity is real and will be another source of growth for the company. And the net of all this is, over the past several years we’ve really transformed TE into what I’d call an industrial technology company. Overall I think though this company is performing very well. We’re positioned very well. We do view the recent softness to be temporary. We don’t have a crystal ball of course, but when we look at the fundamental drivers underlying all our businesses, we feel very good about them. It reinforces the strategy we have. That strategy is pretty straight forward and we look forward to continuing to execute it very aggressively and delivering solid performance across the company. So with that, we’re going to open it up for Q&A.
Tom Lynch: Obviously on the second question, we can’t say too much as I’m sure you understand, but as far as the margin goes, we expect the margin to continue to be in the 20% range plus or minus depending on mix.  As Bob pointed out, the three major segments in the business, all improved their margin year-over-year. Sensors margins are lower than industrial transportation and automotive as expected and that’s why I mentioned its one of the real opportunity to continue to grow profitability as we scale that business. So we don’t see anything short of a significant volume decline. I think when we’re running the 4% to 5% growth rate, we have the momentum to continue to deliver strong margin. So plus or minus 20% a little bit is what I would expect over the next several quarters.
Tom Lynch: I mean we do have some insight, because we are large through the channel, right. So we have a very big business through the channel which serves tens of thousands, actually hundreds of thousands of end customers. So we feel like that’s kind of a statistically sound base of information to look at and the channel was pretty robust in the first half just like our industrial businesses as everybody was expecting a little bit stronger second half and we have seen that tighten up. We’ve seen it tighten up on sell through and sell-ins. I think the good news is coming out of the last big downturn, everybody in the supply chain is very glued together in terms of what’s going on, so we react much quicker than we did.  Of course it’s hard to predict with a ton of confidence how long it will last, but what our forecast reflects is it starts to abate through the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter and that by the time we get into the first quarter it should be largely behind us from the industrial part of the business. That’s the kind of forecast, that’s what we’re hearing from the market, so that’s the best insight we have right now.
Tom Lynch: Amit, I think the way to think about that, the $240 million narrow before the tailwind from FX, is really a spread relatively evenly across all three of our segments; transportation, industrial and communications. All three of them are seeing the implication of slower China and then we’re also seeing the implication of the supply chain or inventory adjustments really in our industrial and appliances business in those last two segments.
Tom Lynch: Well, just to put it in – our China auto business is now flat to slightly down. It’s really the first time since probably the financial crisis and well that’s what we got reflected in the fourth quarter. So we are definitely seeing less imports into China of high end vehicles. I think you’ve heard several OEMs report their outlook for their China sales. So we’re seeing some of that. I believe we have that reflected in our European automotive numbers.  We generally have pretty good visibility. Its again not perfect visibility, but we’ve taken our overall China numbers down quite a bit and I think it would be important to highlight that. Quarter-over-quarter we’re going to be down about 12% in China revenue; that’s last year’s fourth to this year’s fourth and its pretty broad based as Bob said. And the overall $240 million that Bob referred to, about two-thirds of that is China and Latin America, of course China being the biggest piece.  It had been slowing; it slowed more abruptly. I think this is key quarter to see is that seems like maybe things are settling down over there now over the last few weeks. It’s just now begun the bottom out and recover, because we think the core fundamentals of a large population, a growing middle class, growing incomes, urbanization, a place for all of our businesses, particularly where we’re strong, which is harsh environment and as I mentioned, harsh businesses overall are still growing slightly despite a broader slowdown in China.
Tom Lynch: I mean what we’re – with our customers at the OEMs are telling us is in the fourth quarter they plan longer than usual in China shutdown; a week, maybe some after two weeks, so there’s definitely a goal to balance inventory throughout the channel, including cars on the lot. Now the inventories aren’t crazy. I think they’ve been keeping them pretty tight there, but definitely reflect the slowing demand. 
Tom Lynch: Sure. I think the broad anecdote, we can’t get too specific yet as you know customers have their requirements, but a consistent anecdote is particularly in starting with auto and across several of our harsh environment businesses. We are spending a lot of time with customers where we bring in the product and technology express for measurement and get them into places where they couldn’t get in before and we’re seeing a lot of bidding activity resulting from that, because they are really a fine, fine engineering and technology and product company.  I think as I’ve mentioned on these calls before, we knew them quite well and certainly expected that and that’s why we acquired them, but the deeper we got, the more engineers and applications engineers, we got to know the better we even felt about that, so where it’s kind of interesting. In some ways the biggest challenge we have is which one is the pick, because there’s a lot of opportunities to pick one.  I mean as Bob mentioned we are ramping up our resources in a thoughtful way in that business, so that we can take on more and more design opportunities. But it’s pretty broad based. I’d say that it’s definitely focused in the harsh, although we had some – we can’t talk about it too much, but some really key wins in consumer that its very good business. Again, because these are highly engineered components and packaged in a way that they can perform their function no matter how they are treated by the consumer. So we’re pretty excited about that.  So I’d say it’s been a good almost first year, about a year now of working with this team and the back end, bringing lien into the operation, figuring the best place out, where to make things, putting the organization together, that’s all done, so we feel like that first year where your figuring things out and how do you best work together, how do you leverage strength but not turn off the small company, but I think I’d give us very high marks for that and now we’re really going on the defensive what’s getting in from of customers.
Tom Lynch: I would say, it feels like its stabilizing. Week to week things bounce around, but we’re really kind of running at this ex-SubCom level to $2.9 billion to $3 billion order rate.
Tom Lynch: Mark, your right. There is an ever so slight decline, $720 million to $712 million, $715 million, something like that if I remember correctly and that’s really just the timing of some material coming in, when we get it loaded on the ship. This is a project business and so as you progress, as material comes in, all you need is a vendor to be late by a week and you lose some revenue, but it is purely timing so no implication of that whatsoever. In terms of ’16, two of it to give guidance for ’16, but obviously we’ve done well this year. We feel good about adding the fifth program in force and we’re spending that this year and that’s now $1.5 billion enforced for us.
Tom Lynch: Sure, thanks Will. Really my comment about we think it will – based on what we’re seeing and hearing now, worked its way through in Q4 as the North America industrial and part of that is end demand is still, its slower. It feels slower than what we’re hearing in the second half and first half, but it’s not off that much and we still have a pretty healthy American economy, even though I think most of us feel it’s not growing the way we thought it would. It’s still growing in all the indicators like payrolls and things, so. And then when we just look at the sell in and the sell through, what we’re hearing is that that should start to work its way through by the end of our fiscal year, that’s our best estimate at this time.  China is harder to tell. I think just because data is harder to get. I mean kind of the only data you have is your own data and we have seen China can move up very quickly as well. So I’m more uncertain about that Will and I mean last year we had a tremendous first quarter in China. Actually we had a pretty good first half and saw it again, the same for the second half, so it’s harder to tell there. I wouldn’t be surprised if this has kind of leaked in through the first quarter, but that’s a guestimate based just on recent order trends.
Tom Lynch: Yes Shawn, the BNS business as you know is now recorded in our discontinued operations. I would say it is broadly or generally performing as we expected through the sale process. In terms of proceeds, we have a practice or a capital requirement approach of $150 million to $250 million per quarter share repurchase. We did $252 million this most recently completed quarter. We expect to be in the market in the fourth quarter. Once the BNS transaction closes, that will be an additional $3 billion or that we’ll be able to return the majority of that back to the shareholders. That’s in addition to our appointment of our operating free cash flow.
Tom Lynch: I would say it’s definitely production related. Our content in China is SubC. It’s much higher in Europe, but there can be a mix effect that it’s kind of interesting over any period of time that we look at, it just doesn’t – the numbers are so big, its 80 some million cars being sold. With the math kind of almost moved itself out unless you had a pneumatic shift. I mean we were worried coming out of the last downturn that the world is going to go to buying small cars and that is going to have an impact on our content and we didn’t see any of that.  Now the exciting thing about China is content is growing faster in China cars, both local and multinational and how far in China right now are local SUVs where we have really no content and our content in China regardless of whether the local Chinese auto maker or multinationals, really almost exactly the same. In fact a little higher with the locals because we provide a little more to them than we would the OEM, which is a real strategic advantage that we started back in the downturn.  So I guess the short answer Shawn is or the long answer is we are not really seeing that much impact. If at all its kind of in the $0.10 to $0.20 range of content per unit mix at this point.
Tom Lynch: Sure. At a high level China is running in the 17%, 18% of our total business, that’s total company. It’s much higher than that in data and devices. Part of that is because most of the production is in China and it is sometimes hard to in those kind of businesses to where is consumption locally and where is consumption globally. Our auto business which runs over $1 billion is our local consumption.
Tom Lynch: Thanks Sherri. I think at historical production levels of about 3% and the last three years is going to average out. If you take next year’s estimates this year and last year, it’s going to average out to about that. We would expect to do that, especially with our expansion into sensors which will go – we’re kind of going from a very low base there. Yes, I think that production grows in that 3%. We expect to grow two plus ex production, which is what we’re doing this year.  So for example, this year production is growing 2% and we’re growing 6% plus. So we still see it on hold and I think we really feel good about this year’s performance, because it proves out what we’ve been saying about the pipeline of wins that we’ve had over the last four or five years and that we’re growing our win rates faster than the market’s growing and now that’s showing up in kind of this multiplier production effect.  So if you go back four or five years, we were always saying 1.5 times production and now we’re over 2 times production and as we begin to ramp the sensors business over the next several years, that will increase it even more. So we feel very good about this great auto business of ours.
Tom Lynch: Thank you, Jim. Well yes, the margin decline as we pointed out there is really two big factors, right. The oil and gas business is down 30%-plus and that’s the highest margin business in the segment and FX and we have a strong European industrial footprint, particularly in energy and in industrial equipment and they are strong margin businesses, so particularly energy which has been slow, thus our equipment business actually has been pretty good.  If you go through the make-up of the business and talk about who knows how long this oil and gas thing is going to last, but that team has managed to despite a 35% decline in revenue, keep the margin in solid double digits and the piece we bought, which is more in the service and support side than the new project side is still in the 20% plus range.  So what I would say is our aerospace defense business is very strong, was there above company average margins. Our oil and gas are low right now, but again who knows when, but as that grows, that inherently because of its harshest environment characteristics and higher margin business.  Industrial equipment is the one that’s the big fragmented business that serves multiple industries, lots of small customers that we’ve been steady improving. Growth slowed down a little bit right now, but that’s where you are seeing us in the past and continuing to fine tune our manufacturing network. TEOA is especially important there in this slow volume high mix business. But those margins today are at about company average withholding it down right now, oil and gas and energy; energy because the Europe oil and gas is just something that happened in the market.  We still believe and are committed to this, say above company average margin business. 
Tom Lynch: We kept the margins in double digits by being very proactive. I mean super proactively, Bob you want to add on to that. 
Tom Lynch: I think in North America as you know it’s been a very hot market, the last couple of years. The growth rate is slowing but no surprise there, we’ve all expected that. But we expect heavy trucks to continue to grow. We actually expect China to kind of rebound eventually. It’s hard to call, but you went through a nice surge with the adoption of Euro 4 and really, the government really drove that hard.  So at a period where trucks were going down and content was going way up, and there has been a little shift in China to smaller trucks, but we believe with all the infrastructure building over there that’s going on, that will swing back to larger trucks which are much more efficient and there is a lot of opportunity in China to improve the transportation of goods industry, and that play to our strength, because that’s more content.  So I think in a little bit longer term, probably hopefully late next year you will start to see China pick-up. The U.S. continues to be okay and Europe has been pretty solid. The challenge in the industrial transportation market has been off-road. As we know the agriculture, industry has been really not investing due to where foreign prices are and you have the commodity industry, you have the spillover effect of oil prices down. So construction, although is mixed, it’s starting to level off. All those industries have been a drag over the last few years.  So what I think will happen over time is you will see those industries begin to recovery because of pent up demand. You will get a lower growth rate in heavy trucks and this business will over time return to kind of a low single digit production growth rate, which is very attractive for us because we have so much content and we’ve grown our content so much over the last couple of years. 
Tom Lynch: Days are up a little bit, but I think it’s more single digit in days and my conversation with the distributors again I think everybody has been managing it, we are all managing it much better than we did over the last time around because of what we’ve learnt.  So I mean clearly the first half, we had nice growth in our sell-in in the first half and sell through was pretty solid too, but we began to see late second quarter early Q3 sell through began to slow a big and that’s when the inventories began to build a little bit and I think we were like lets jump on this quickly and get things in balance.  So I don’t think it’s a big horrendous deal, but it’s enough to have our third quarter being slightly down in the change and probably our fourth quarter relatively flat, but that’s why we think the coming into Q1 sell through and inventory levels are back to where they should be. Again, I don’t – it’s not a major disruption, but it is a fine tuning which I think is good, just because it’s so good when it’s happening, because you are selling that. But I think it is good because the system is more in balance. 
Tom Lynch: Yes, so on the mobile, we would call it data and device business. If we combine those businesses, we announced that earlier in the year because customers are converging, technologies are becoming more similar and frankly we needed to reduce costs in those two businesses, which are our two weakest business.  So we are still in the turnaround. I think we have some good wins, we have some losses. I don’t think there is enough there to say from a market perspective we are changing our position. We are changing our cost structure and we are getting back into the product range which we do best, kind of core connector clientage for the board type of connector power connectors, where we are very good and that we want to put a lion’s share of our energy around.  So it’s still in the kind of midway through the turnaround I would say, stabilizing but not exciting from a profitability point of view. We still have work to do to reestablish the growth and get the margins up to double digit.  On the SubCom side as Bob mentioned seems steady progress in the market. We continue to have a high win rate. There continues to be a lot of bid activity. The cloud players are very active in this. So that, we pointed out before, that’s a big change from the primary drivers were before. But fundamentally we think it’s a good change, because there is a tremendous desire for high quality service and plenty of bandwidth, because that’s so integral for the total value proposition of those players. So we think that’s a fundamentally good driver and backlog now for $1.5 billion.  So I would say, we continue to see more approved points that we are in the uptick site. We are feeling good, pretty good through ’16. You got to keep knocking off several wins a year control the pipeline, but overall we feel good that, ‘Sure, SubCom is on the way back up and we are getting our arms around the date and devices business from a strategy and a cost structure. We can see, this where we want to be. 
Tom Lynch: I would say in China, sensors are not as established in the vehicles over there, so particularly in the local vehicles. So you have kind of a more, an additional demand for that in order to become competitive, you need to put more features in. So we feel that’s an extra demand driver and the only per say restructuring that’s going on is where we are combining for scale. We are not doing in response to market conditions, oh! Its growing slower so we are taking part of that. We are investing in the businesses as I said from that perspective, so that we can win more deals and growth faster. 
Tom Lynch: Yes Jim, I’ll let Bob add to this too. Oil and gas is adjusting to the 35% decline in the business and the natural uncertainty about everything that’s going on around oil, which does a run come back in, when do oil prices go up, etc…  The remainder of the increase is related to kind of the phase of, accelerating the phase of data and device. So that’s what is related to. We are really not restructuring in any other business, Bob. 
Tom Lynch: I think one of the hallmarks of TE has been some pretty good transparency and once the deal closes and we get into the activity, we’ll give you some color about what our expectations are. 
Tom Lynch: Well, let me address the second part of that question. I think that the strength of the company is our strong cash flow, a really strong capital structure, strong operating leverage and all that provides choices, right. So we clearly have an active M&A pipeline, sensors and harsh environment are very important to us and where we get the right opportunity to strengthen those businesses we would see them. Of course it has to be at the price that we think fits with our strategy and our return goals.  So yes, I mean the bottom line is we can do both. That’s really the simple method, we can do both. And if you look back the last few years that’s what we have done. We bought MES, we bought AST, we did a significant buyback. I think that’s really one of the strengths of TE. 
Bob Hau: And then the other part of your question Sherri is that auto production volumes for the fourth quarter. Well, we have in our current guidance auto production for the fourth quarter globally, about $21 million vehicles, up about 2.5% year-over-year. That gets it to the 2% on a full year basis, just under $87 million vehicles.
Bob Hau: I’d say in the current quarter or to me the current year, we’re definitely seeing the headwind from FX impacting the overall growth. If you back that out, transportation is well above the 6% to 8% and that’s also got the benefit of the acquisition. Our guidance is mid single digits organically. That’s below that 6% to 8% long term rate and that’s really driven by slower commercial vehicle, both in heavy truck declines in the second half of this year and slower off road, but long term we still believe the 6% to 8%.
Bob Hau: Jim, as I mentioned in my opening comments, we’ve now increased our restructuring charge for $100 million. Part of that is communications, restructuring and part of that is oil and gas. So we’ve definitely been taking action this year.
Bob Hau: Yes, so we had been indicating we expected that transaction to close by the end of the calendar year. We now see that closing within the next 90 days or so and as you indicate, its $3 billion of proceeds and we have said really since the date we announced the transaction back in January, that it would be – the vast majority of those proceeds would be used for share buyback and we have not indicated the specific timing of that. 
Bob Hau: So we expect that in fourth quarter we’ll continue with that, between $150 million to $250 million range, so call it 1 million or 2 million share reduction in the quarter.
Bob Hau: I would say, I’d call it a consistent quarter. Although certainly we are going to see is China in general slows down. We’ll see an impact but not significant and overall, growing very nicely organically as I mentioned. Our sensors business, if we had owned AST and measurement this quarter last year, that business grew 10%. So certainly seeing some nice growth overall. 
Bob Hau: Yes, the vast majority of our restructuring to-date and will be for the year is in the communication segment and in oil and gas in particular. Oil and gas last year was at $300 million business. We are going to exist a $200 million clip. That really calls for some pretty significant restructuring and then data and devices in combination of the product exits that we’ve really been underway for call it, 12 to 18 months and closer into that 12 months, plus the combination of the old Datacom and the consumer business drove us to take some additional costs out. But we are not taking our costs in our harsh environment growing to your other question, Mike’s question on measurement, we are not talking out cost where we’ve got growth opportunity. 
Bob Hau: And then in terms of the timing well, we pulled it in a bit from end of the calendar year to now within 90 days. We have really three large regulatory hurdles; U.S., Europe and China. We have U.S. and Europe, so we are awaiting China and of course there are a number of other countries that have the right and obligation to weigh in. But it’s really those big three and of course then where comp stocks in the midst of integration planning that we are helping them with, obviously and let them comment on that progression, but it really is at this point a regulatory hurdle with China. 
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Congratulations to you and your team. On slide six of your prepared handouts entitled Industrial Solutions, I was taking a look at the operating margins. I know unless the questions have been focused on transportation, which is like I said, but kind of looking away from the other areas for the potential improvement, the operating margins for industrial solutions came down pretty meaningfully year-over-year and yes of course the actual and organic sales came down 5% to 1%, but the 100 basis point decline in operating margins is a pretty big gap.  Can you talk just a little bit about that, because to me it seems like this is one area of meaningful improvement that you can give to the company and is it really tied now to sales for the future of this company or restructuring, are you doing some plant consolidation or how should we think about what actions your actively doing or would you simply tie the sales for improving this turnaround of this, several of which is below corporate average. 
Jim Suva: And for that pressure from oil and gas, you’re just going to wait for it to come back or do you like proactively make some plant adjustments…
Jim Suva: Okay, and then as a quick follow-up for the stock buyback you had mentioned that the BNS is looking to close about – I mean a little bit earlier than expected, within 90 days. Can you remind us and investors about your cadence or appetite for the stock buyback and time that you are going to do? I think it’s about a $3 billion sales proceeds, and what timing that one should expect the stock buyback. It looks like the acquisition, divestiture is going to close a bit earlier. 
