Heath Mitts: Thank you Terrence and good morning everyone on the call. Please turn to Slide 8 where I will provide more details on the Q2 financials.  Adjusted operating income was $581 million with an adjusted operating margin of 17%. GAAP operating income was $530 million and include $42 million of restructuring and other charges and $9 million of acquisition charges. As we mentioned last quarter, we have broadened the scope of our cost initiatives across our business and are accelerating cost reduction in factory footprint consolidation plans. As a result, we are increasing our estimate of restructuring charges to $250 million for the full year. With these initiatives we expect to exit the year with a more nimble cost structure, which will help enable future margin expansion and earnings growth.  Adjusted EPS was a $1.42 exceeding the high-end of our guidance range and included $0.06 of headwind from currency. We were able to maintain flat adjusted EPS year-over-year despite the reduction of revenue which demonstrates our ability to execute on multiple levels to drive earnings performance.  GAAP EPS was $1.26 for the quarter and included restructuring and other charges of $0.09, tax related charges of $0.04 and acquisition related charges of $0.02.  The adjusted effective tax rate in Q2 was 15.4%. For the full year we expect the adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 17.5% to 18%. And versus the prior guide we have lowered our full-year expectations due to the expected jurisdictional mix of global income. We continue to expect our cash tax rate to be lower than the effective tax rate for the year.  As we continue to drive earnings growth in line with our business model, we are looking at all levers under our control. In Q2 interest expense decreased $13 million year-over-year. We have taken advantage of the global interest rates and increased percentage of our borrowings in foreign currencies. Looking ahead, we expect our quarterly interest expense to be in line with Q2 levels.  Now if I can get you to turn to Slide 9. Sales of $3.4 billion were down 4% year-over-year on a reported basis and down 1% organically. Currency translation negatively impacted sales by $154 million versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins were 17% driven by strong operational performance. We expect margin expansion in the second half of the year as we see the benefit of accelerated cost actions.  And as Terrence noted I'm pleased with the progress we are making to drive long-term improvements in our cost structure. This really sets us up for a more nimble structure as we move into 2020 and beyond.  In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $555 million and up 53% year-on-year. Free cash flow $344 million with a $179 million of net capital expenditures. We returned $338 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. In the first half 2019 free cash flow was $413 million, an increase of 44% versus the first half of prior year.  We expect that our free cash flow will exceed the prior year even with the increased level of restructuring investment related to our cost initiatives.  Our balance sheet is healthy and we expect cash flow to remain strong which provides us the ability to support organic growth investments to drive long-term sustainable growth, while also allowing us to return capital to shareholders and to continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. I’m now going to turn back over to Terrence to cover guidance before Q&A.
Heath Mitts: Sure Chris, this is Heath. As you know the substantial part of our business is conducted outside the US and we have a fair amount of exposure in Europe and parts of Asia particularly in Japan. And so as we’ve monitored the situation and the spread of the interest rates being what they are, we did take advantage of series of cross currency swaps and take advantage of where the interest rates lie today. And it does set us up in a better position , it doesn’t change anything with our maturity ladder related to when we have debt and future refinancing but it does take advantage of where those cash flows are generated in those regions and our ability to take advantage of that through a series of cross currency swaps. So as we look at it going forward the next few quarters for sure the interest expense should be very similar to the quarter we just reported and into the future and until we have to start refinancing into higher price debt. So it was very opportunistic chance for us to take advantage of where the interest rates lie. 
Heath Mitts: Sure, Joe, this is Heath. You got to remember we're global auto supplier, right? So we're producing in regions where our customer supply chains are and the expansion that we’ve had to keep up with the demand particularly where we said and benefit from the content gains has been pretty tremendous and those investments have been in parts of the world where that are growing the fastest, mainly in parts of China, parts of Mexico and so forth where we’ve seen a lot of activity in terms of supply chain growth. So the restructuring activity that is going on is really what we're doing is we're taking advantage of a slower global auto production environment where we actually can take a pause for a moment in a couple of places that are less strategic to us in terms of proximity to supply chains, not impacting places where we have invested in heavily. So we're taking advantage of the opportunity because when things return to growth it gets more hectic and it’s a little bit tougher to move that manufacturing activity around. And it’s never a great time to do restructuring but we're going to take advantage of the low -- and the demand.  Having said that some of these restructurings particularly things outside the US can get a little more expensive and the paybacks get a little bit more elongated but we elected to get those done, over the next year or so we're going to take some of those charges in our FY19 and push through this activity over to the year and change.
Heath Mitts: Jim, this is Heath. Thanks for the question. It really is the global footprint that we have. And as the supply chains for our customers have shifted over time, we need to make sure that we're always staying close to them and there are a couple of locations outside the US that are handful of locations, that I would say we have the opportunity in a slower environment to continue to own that model. In terms of what's changed relative to the profile, obviously, some of the margins there, we're running currently at our transportation margin, below our target margin there. And with negative auto production that puts pressure in addition to some of the other cost activities that we're working through in the segment. And so obviously, in a time when we have the opportunity to deal with the capacity, that's not being taken up by the higher global auto production, it's the right time for us to dig into that and to further optimize that. And what it really does is, it lowers our fixed cost structure within that business, which allows us when we return to more times of better organic growth, really allows us to seek better incremental margins and flow-through.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Deepa. And I appreciate the questions. Certainly, I would say this, we went into the quarter, the TS margin we ended up with was right in line with what we expected going into the quarter. We were a little bit -- the communication and the industrial margins were little bit better than what we expected. And that's reflected in 17% margin, which was higher than what we had gone into the quarter expecting to come out of it. If you break these margins down into pieces, right, Terrence talked in his prepared remarks about some of the activities that have been going on in CS relative to getting the footprint right into that business. And it's -- we're very pleased with where the CS margins have ended up at this point in the journey. I would say it's -- being the smallest of the three segments, it's going to have -- probably have a little bit more volatility because there is a little bit of lot of smaller numbers and maybe 18% is on the high side of our expectations. But certainly in the mid and at times high teens is a good place for our communication margin business and very high returns on that because it's not a terribly capital-intensive piece of our business. So, very pleased with where we are in CS. And for the most part, most of the restructuring activity is behind us. As we think about industrial, right, we've been pretty forthright in terms of our journey on the industrial margins to increase from just a couple of years ago north of 300 basis points moving forward. And we're certainly well on that journey. We're up a couple 100 basis points from where we were just a few years ago. And that is part of the activity that you'll continue to see as we step forward from '19 to '20 and from '20 to '21. And those activities are well under way as that journey for getting industrial to consistently be at mid to high margins, and we're a little bit ahead of pace on that relative to what our original FY '19 expectations are. For TS -- listen, TS has grown so quickly over the last few years that we have put some money into the business to help it grow. I would say that some of that has had an impact on the margins. And as we've seen auto production moving to recessionary condition that it's in today globally, but that obviously puts additional pressure on our production environment and allows us an opportunity to take advantage of this low and put some restructuring activity to work, as I've mentioned on some of the prior questions. In terms of what the margins going to be going forward, we'll exit the year at a much higher rate than we're at now. I don't anticipate us to be in a 20% number, but I do anticipate the journey back toward that 20% is well under way. The second half margins for transportation will be higher than in the first half of the year. And some of that is due to some of the restructuring that we've already completed.
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Scott and thanks for the question. When I take a step back, when we started our journey in industrial a couple of years back, we certainly laid out a picture where we saw margins getting into the high teens. The one of the things that we talked about was we had to look at our footprint and do a lot of heavy lifting on the footprint. When you look at the performance in the quarter it really is not around the footprint moves, it is around getting some growth in the segment as well as other cost actions we’ve been taking as we're tightening up the business and I think one of the things that’s nice is you're seeing the flow-through potential in these industrial markets. We are also going to get -- be able to get additional levers as some of the things that we’re doing on the footprint over the next couple of quarters even in the margin in the segment may come back a little bit but long-term to make sure we get further margin expansion going forward.  So during the quarter when you look at it, it was truly around getting some volume, also sort of the non-footprint flow-through going on and it is nice that you're seeing nice growth both in aerospace as well as medical which are two of the markets that are key from a content perspective. And we did it even with an industrial market that we did see in the factory automation side Scott, certainly in Europe and Asia a softer environment there. So we also did in an environment where not every business unit was humming. So it truly was outside the footprint actions and I think it shows the potential and the traction we have together it up when those footprint actions come into place as we execute it in the second half. 
Terrence Curtin: Shawn I appreciate that’s in one question, that’s about three questions in one question. But when you look inventory, one of the things we’ve talked about last quarter as we highlighted markets being a little bit slower with what we saw from our order trends and I mentioned it on the call, sequentially we saw orders increase about 4% and what was nice about that was you start to see orders increase in China up about 9% sequentially, which is a pretty good indicator inventory has normalized in China and I would also say if you look out to the end customers and core inventories for the automotive business itself, they have come down closer to a normalized level, they were elevated. So I would say in China it feels that process has worked through. Europe I would say we do see our inventories being a little bit ahead and certainly the order trends support that and specifically, if you go to auto, car inventories were a little bit elevated. So some of the softness we're seeing in Europe is not surprising. And from a distributor perspective, inventories are pretty much in line with where we would expect. So we aren’t seeing distributors having excess inventory, I do think that has worked through and I would also say our lead time are staying pretty steady as well. So they are typically attribute with the sequential orders in our lead times, I keep inventory checked. So I would say we're in the later parts maybe a little bit in Europe but overall feels inventory is at decent spot. 
Terrence Curtin: Thanks Craig and when you look at it as we’ve always mentioned to all of you, Measurement brought, when we did that acquisition and a couple of bolt-on we did afterward, take almost these technologies and I think when you take those synergies we have, it really is around our leading global automotive position and also our industrial transportation business which is a leading business and we have leading share and it gives us access to all global OEMs. It’s one of the -- I think special things about our transportation business is our leadership positions balanced globally and we're with essentially every maker OEM. So the synergy that we really get as is automotive customers look at us as an automotive company and how do we bring our processes, our quality into scale things and that’s what we're doing with these wins and it’s great that customer access that we have is the big synergy.  From a competition perspective the center space is very fragmented; it’s not just one company out there. And what's really nice is when we're coming with it, number of centers in the car continue to increase, so it does have a very nice secular trend with it, with all the things we're talking about whether it’s electric vehicle as well as autonomous features and we play in that physical network sort of bumper to bumper in the car.  But the other thing competitively is they are seeing offering both technology as well as our scale and being a trusted supplier it’s all coming together that is why we talk about while today we might have about $2 a content per vehicle in sensors with the pipeline of wins we're doing we’re seeing that well doubling up to $5 to $6 share per car in next five years and I think it’s with the fragmentation and the markets going to continue to be an opportunity area where we're going to continue to build on both organically and inorganically overtime. 
Terrence Curtin: So a couple of things let me clarify, production being flat is really sequential production being flat, Wamsi, it wasn’t year-over-year. We do expect in the third quarter as I’ve said, production is going to down 5% mid single-digit and we also expect being down 5% for the year. So when you look at it year-to-date we basically have separation of about 500 basis points which is right square in the middle of our 4% to 6% content growth target we’ve always said. So we're sort of right in the middle of it and you will have inter-quarterly due to supply chain movement around it, so we always ask you to look at over multiple quarters and with what we're seeing with the program wins we’ve had in the electric vehicle and as well as feature launches we have, we do expect in a flat environment our auto sales are going to go up sequentially from here even as in a flat environmental due to some of those program launches. So I feel very good about the 4% to 6% I think you’ve seen it now for a number of years, you are seeing it in a negative production environment and I think it’s been pretty evident in the numbers we talked about. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. We did bake in weakness so the overall environment was if you look at it macro way, the same as 90 days ago, but China got stronger, Europe got weaker and so we do plan that Europe goes incrementally weaker and actually why we're at the minus 5% in auto production versus the 4% to 5% last quarter is really due to Europe from a production yet little weaker. So I think we have appropriately dialed it in. To Heath’s comments earlier around the restructuring, we're going to be making sure our supply chain is balanced to where it needs to be, we're taking advantage of the pause and most of the actions we're looking at would be outside of North America. So I do think they’re appropriately pointed to where we see the weakness. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, I would say Mark just maybe start with how do you normally sequentially see China, normally the December quarter in China for us is our strongest due to that’s typically a strong production environment. That being said certainly we did not see that. So we're seeing more stability and what we actually saw where we would typically see the December to March quarter have a decline in orders, it actually increased. We saw increases in our Transportation segment as well as our Communications segments both in double-digit. That being said we also do see the inventory levels around cars improving and the other thing that I think is pretty important around China as we talked about is electric vehicles. While China’s production is going to be down double-digit year-over-year, electric vehicle momentum in China really has not changed and what’s great and how we’ve positioned ourselves is, we think this year we got about 50% growth in China electric vehicle between hybrid and electrical electric vehicles going on in China, approaching close to 2 million units versus being about 1.2 million last year and really where we’ve invested to make sure we take advantage of that electric vehicle trend, we're aren’t seeing slow down in that category of vehicle at all in China. So I think where we’re positioned is certainly where we pointed as well as the order trends and what we're hearing from our customers, we do -- we have a feel of stabilization and improvement in China. 
Terrence Curtin: First off, let's talk about -- it's the Kissling Group I said it during our pre-remarks. And what we're excited about with it and getting to some of it is, this actually, this business plays very close into industrial transportation applications. And what we look at coming into our industrial transportation, you all know how strong our position is there, provides good opportunity for synergy as we bring it into that unit. The other thing, if you were at our Investor Day, we did talk about some applications around where do we see electrification in commercial vehicles, which is really where this is primarily going to help us. And when you look at it, it really builds on our product technology that we already have through some of our relay and contactor technology that we bring to automotive electric vehicles. But in a commercial vehicle and certainly heavy truck, where you bring it in, you have to get the voltage rates at a much higher than a traditional automotive electric engine. And what's really nice of what Kissling does, it gets us up to 1000-volt technology, which is important in those obligations. And I feel very good it's going to tuck in and our team is going to do a nice job with it. And you see what they're doing on the content already. From the sizing, it is a bolt-on. It's about $50 million in revenue, good profitability. And it really tucks in with our strategy on how we think about bolt-ons. And I think I said in the script, we expect it's going to close later in our fiscal year and it will be more something that will benefit 2020 and beyond in 2019.
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things, I mean. Do you want to frame? China market is a big market overall, and still you're probably looking at electric vehicle still being slightly below 10% of that market. Anytime you have that electric vehicle, that does help us from a content perspective. So, you're going to have that content trends. I don't think it's going to be concentrated near term in electric vehicles. I think you have to play in all technologies, and I think it's where we position ourselves very well that we can make the best, as you have to support combustion engines, hybrids, as well as full electric. And I think we're going to drive increased content from all of them. The other thing is, certainly, as you said, autonomous features. Certainly, there's a whole stepping stone you have to go through an autonomous features that need to get added before you even get near full autonomy. And that's going to also continue to benefit us. But it's those two together that give us so much confidence when we say 4% to 6% above production. So if the market is flat, we view we're going to grow 4% to 6% above market with a mid-single-digit growth, whether it's in China or anywhere in the world. And so it's two big secular trends that you mentioned are so important for us. And that's why we made the bets to make sure where we have the leading position, we are going to capitalize on it.
Terrence Curtin: When I think about your question, I do think -- I don't know what peers you're looking at. Certainly, there are some categories in passives and so forth, which are product categories we don't play. That still have lead time challenges. And certainly, there are semi elements that with semi category you are in, we don't compete against those. I don't view them as competitors. I view our business model and that's why we talk about being industrial tech. We get the benefit of content, but we also do have different levers in some of those others that I would view are little bit more secular than us even though we may have some of the inventory supply chain affects. So net-net, I do believe we've positioned ourselves around secular trends. And like I said, I do feel that the content we positioned ourselves around and the hard work we've done in our portfolio and where we're making our organic bets have allowed us to buffer some weaker market. And then also in the non-growth levers you're seeing what we are doing to make sure we maintain earnings and what is auto, is a big business for us, is a negative environment. So, I can't compare to the peer you're comparing to. But I do think what you're seeing in this quarter and also our guide shows how we've improved this portfolio and also how we use our levers to make sure when it does get a little slower, we can maintain earnings and also work on some of the margin areas that we've highlighted for you.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, certainly. And thanks, Matt, for asking about it. When we look at ICT, what we call ICT, industrial and commercial transportation, that's construction, that's ag, that's Class A trucks and certainly almost everything that has four wheels that isn't a car. And one of the things, I think that's been very nice, we capitalized on strong markets in the past couple of years and those strong markets were really driven by China. This year, we have seen China decline and we think it's probably declined about 6%. But North America, we do expect the markets, they are up slightly. And what's really good is that we are growing and you are seeing the separation. And I would say five years ago, we would not have expected separation and it's really about the content momentum our team has done. Certainly, we've got into deeper penetration into China with our technologies. Electric vehicles in heavy trucks are certainly earlier, I mean later in the process than cars. But it's also around the autonomy that happens in a commercial vehicle, also drives a lot more content in a commercial vehicle. So, we're getting driven in the Powertrain, certainly as you have fuel emissions, there is always in the space. But then also, as you're getting the autonomous features, cameras are being added to trucks, agricultural equipment, that's creating data flow on the commercial vehicle, that's driving content and our team is doing a really nice job globally. So net-net, the content growth separation is similar to what we see in automotive and in that 4% to 6%. And I'm proud of what the team is accomplishing. It will be great as we bring Kissling into what the team has been doing in that market.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, certainly. It's in our industrial segment, Bill, and it is part of our industrial business unit and market that we disclosed. And it is about $700 million roughly annually what we do in industrial. And when you look at that $700 million, about $500 million of our medical business is completely focused around interventional applications. So, that can be things around heart, catheter going to the heart, also some -- some of that also going to the brain. And it really leverages our capabilities around what we do from a fine wire. Also the very special things that we do around packaging and mechanical applications, that isn't throughout TE. And what you saw in the quarter, you saw -- when we went into that business, it was an element to diversify our growth based upon capabilities we had. We did do Creganna, and we've done some small bolt-ons after that. But it is something when you look at the minimally invasive procedures, they're helping the outcomes getting to more cost-effective outcomes than traditional procedures and the 12% percent growth shows how we penetrated the major OEMs and our global position is very strong. So, we always say, we do expect that business to grow high single-digit and certainly, we are about this quarter with the program momentum we have. And I think similar to sensors, there's still a lot more opportunity as we continue to increase our penetration in the applications we are in today as well as other applications where we can bring our capabilities and drive synergy.
