Robert W. Hau: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me discuss earnings, which start on Slide 9. Our GAAP operating income for the quarter was $359 million, which includes restructuring charges of $78 million and Deutsche acquisition-related charges of $6 million. We now expect a total of approximately $275 million of restructuring charges for the full year, an increase of about $50 million versus prior guidance. We are increasing our restructuring spending in 2013 and expect a substantial reduction on our level of restructuring actions next year. Our adjusted operating income was $443 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 13.6%, up 60 basis points from Q2 last year. Our adjusted EPS was $0.76 and GAAP EPS were $0.66 for the quarter. GAAP EPS included $0.13 of restructuring and other charges and $0.01 of acquisition-related charges, partially offset by $0.03 of income-related tax items. The tax income was primarily associated with the expiration of statutes of limitations related to non-U.S. tax audit periods. Turning to Slide 10. Our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 32.2%. This is an 80-basis-point increase versus the prior year on relatively flat sales as a result of continued progress on our TEOA programs that's driving increased productivity and cost reductions. As you know, TEOA is our version of lean and is delivering results across the business. Total OpEx spending was $609 million in the quarter, up slightly versus the prior year. Increased expenses related to the addition of Deutsche were mostly offset by cost reduction and productivity initiatives. The right side of the slide details items on the P&L below the operating line. Net interest expense was $30 million in the second quarter, and I expect approximately $32 million of expense per quarter for the remainder of the year. Adjusted other income, which relates to our tax-sharing agreement, was $8 million, in line with guidance. The adjusted effective tax rate was 23%, which was at the low end of our guidance of 23% to 24%. And for the remainder of the year, I expect other income of about $8 million per quarter and the tax rate to be 23% to 24%. Turning to Slide 11, I'll discuss our balance sheet and free cash flow. Cash flow from continuing operations was $446 million, and our free cash flow in Q2 was $353 million. We continue to expect free cash flow to approximate net income going forward. Capital spending during the quarter was $125 million or about 4% of sales. This is consistent with our anticipated spending rate of approximately 4% to 5% of sales going forward. Receivable days outstanding were 61 days and inventory days on hand were 71 days. We work to reduce working capital levels following the Deutsche acquisition, and they are now in line with our expectations. Now let me discuss sources and uses of cash outside of free cash flow shown on the right side of the slide. We began the quarter with $1 billion of cash and ended the quarter with about $1.1 billion. During the quarter, we returned a total of $319 million to shareholders, we paid dividends of $88 million and repurchased about 5.7 million shares for $231 million. The cash flow statement shows a lower dollar amount for share repurchases due to a timing of difference on actual payment of funds. Beginning in the June quarter, dividend paid increased by approximately 19% to an annualized rate of $1 per share. We continue to expect additional share repurchases of $150 million to $250 million per quarter for the remainder of fiscal 2013. Outstanding debt was $3 billion at the end of the quarter, and we expect similar levels for the remainder of the fiscal year 2013. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Robert W. Hau: Yes, the -- as far as the targeted segment, consistent with what we've seen really in the first half of the year, networks in particular, but also industrial and commercial -- or excuse me, Consumer, a little bit less obviously in our Transportation segment. In terms of benefit, we had indicated about $85 million of run rate benefit in 2015 from the $225 million. That number is now closer to about $100 million given the increased activity in that this year.
Robert W. Hau: Mark, we do get a typical seasonal lift into the second half of the year, particularly around the consumer devices element of the Consumer segment, which we have baked into our guidance.
Robert W. Hau: We're planning roughly $150 million to $250 million per quarter on share repurchase. We did a little more than that in Q2. We closed out the quarter on an average fully diluted at, what, about 4.25 million shares, it will go down 2 million or 3 million per quarter for the balance of the year.
Thomas J. Lynch: Thanks, Ruplu, a couple of things. Not so much seasonal, but I would say the pickup in commercial vehicles, that which, as you recall, really was soft last year, especially in the second half, has nice leverage on the margins. And the Deutsche business that we brought in has very strong margins. They're very highly engineered products that operate in very difficult environments, and they do command nice margins. So that's the biggest thing, as well as just continued strong execution. And with the 3% organic growth in the light vehicle, bringing that flow through to the bottom line.
Thomas J. Lynch: The trend is continuing to be about that level through the first 3 weeks of April. So continuing what we saw build through the second quarter so far.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. Regarding the Transportation margin, the Industrial and Commercial vehicle, because of the Deutsche acquisition, is a bigger part of that business now. So we basically doubled the size of our industrial commercial business with that acquisition, and those margins are higher than the segment average. So that's giving us nice leverage, which we expected. And we've improved those margins. We're actually running them slightly ahead on the cost synergies that were the goals that we set out when we did that acquisition. So that's helping. Regarding the European registration, a significant part of the Northern European auto production is exported. So the strength in the U.S. and China, you're going to look at those OEMs and their revenues aren't going to track exactly to the European registration for that reason. And most of the decline -- the severe decline is in the South. So we think we've got this all reflected in our outlook. And our second half is really -- I think I touched on, we continue to expect the U.S. market to be solid. China, after a slowdown last year, is picking up, we saw that in the first 2 quarters. And we continue to expect Europe to be soft.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, yes and yes. I think you got the numbers right quickly. And as far as of the rest of the revenue decline, it's mostly in networks. SubCom continues to be slow. We are seeing -- we're seeing the seasonal pickup but we're not seeing it as much as we expected, I would say, in any of our networks businesses. So second half will be better than first half. Orders picked up, as I mentioned, in the second quarter versus the first quarter, but not as robust as we had originally. I think when you dig inside things, both SubCom and telecom have a lot of project activity, which is encouraging. I'd be a little more concerned if the project activity was light. But we are seeing activity, so we think that bodes well although it's been hard to call the timing.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, so on the distribution, we are seeing the book-to-bill is pretty consistent with our overall book-to-bill of 1.06 in the quarter, so we've seen that pickup pretty broad based across the world, which is encouraging, knock on wood. On the networks project business, it is hard to call. In SubCom, it's really hard to call because you can -- especially in the last 1.5 years, we've been selected for projects. We haven't -- it's not in our backlog, because until you actually sign up and signed the contract, but we've been selected, but in many cases, the projects haven't started yet. So they can take longer. I'd say, typically in the telecom business, the majority of these are accelerated builds. There are some -- there are -- the encouraging thing as well is there's some new fiber-to-the-home builds throughout the world. So I'd expect those to start showing up in revenue early next year.
Thomas J. Lynch: I'd say, in the U.S., it's kind of continuation of fiber is pretty well established, although it's not -- still not that deep in the network other than one of the carriers. So it's, I'd say, add-on business in the U.S. In Latin America, Middle East and Asia, it's new projects. And in Europe, it's continuation of all projects. But it's pretty sporadic in Europe. I would say Europe is still soft. There's a few carriers that are accelerating, but overall, it's soft.
Thomas J. Lynch: Generally, pretty good. Again, I think after what happened 3 or 4 years ago to everybody in the supply chain, everybody has been more cautious and gotten better at this. I know we feel like we have. Our connections with the customer, our planning processes, our double checking, triple checking is much more rigorous than it was before. So in general, and I've spent a lot of time in the last quarter on the road with our customers and our distribution partners, and that's one of the first questions we talk about. I would say it doesn't feel like there's any kind of inventory issues.
Thomas J. Lynch: I would say a couple of things. One, we're starting from a low base, to be frank, so winning a few more awards is better than we were. The big thing is we put new focus and new leadership in the business about 18 months ago that had a lot of experience in that space. And that's helped us on our speed-to-market. I felt -- I feel like we've always had good products, but we haven't always been great in the speed side of it, so that's improved. As I mentioned, we are being selective there, we're trying to really focus where we bring some technology to the customer and not focusing on the more commoditized side of the business.
Thomas J. Lynch: It's a couple of programs. It's really no more than that and one that we didn't do and one that pushed out. So there's no -- there's not really a substantial change, it's not like a dramatic change in the number of programs in our pipeline. It's really a couple.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. No, I think it's really 4 main areas. You could call it mix, I'd say it's strength of our Transportation business, particularly in this commercial vehicle, which is one of our strongest margin businesses, so that's one. It is continued productivity. And Bob mentioned the program that we call TEOA, which is our version of lean, is really, really starting to deliver results for us. You'll see it in the P&L and in productivity, but it's on-time delivery, it's quality. So that, our productivity levels are up nicely from where they were even 1 year ago. There are the benefits of the early stages of the restructuring just starting to kick in. And as Bob mentioned, we're doing it faster, we're trying to get it behind us and doing it faster. And then the benefits of the strong cash flow that we're primarily using for -- in return of capital to shareholders and shows up in the lower share count.
Thomas J. Lynch: We'll see a little bit of a tailwind in the second half. But as you know, we hedge quite a bit, so we won't get the full benefit if it stays down until -- you really won't start to see that until next year. But year-over-year, we've got a little benefit. It's not a lot.
Thomas J. Lynch: Sure. Well, we usually get a little bit of a lift sequentially. So we feel pretty confident about that. I'd say the main thing is the order rates in Q1 and Q2. So we're 4% year-over-year, and as I mentioned, that's continuing and even a little bit better than that in the first 3 weeks of April. So that gives us a lot of confidence around Q3 and early to Q4. I think the question, it's really a kind of a Q4 question in a way. If this order rate continues where we are, things will be good. And to your point, the economy, I think, in general, kind of plateau-ed and softened a little bit in the summer last year and that's affected our fourth quarter. So we feel more confident at this point because of the way the order rates are running year-over-year and what our channel partners are saying, what our customers are saying. But we've got to see it continue this way through this quarter. The order rates continue strong through this quarter and into the early -- the very beginning of the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Lynch: I don't know but -- maybe a little bit. I think it's really tracking demand, though. Frankly, because I think everybody is being careful about restocking in advance in light of the last 2 or 3 years where strong Q2, early Q3 momentum and then things petered out a bit. So I would say a little bit of restocking, but nothing else significant. It just feels like responding to customer and demand more than anything else.
Thomas J. Lynch: Great question. Yes we think about this all the time. It's -- thinking ways in the last 5 years, it's hard to call any kind of trend, but if you look over the long historical trend around our connector business, which is about 75% of our business, you -- that's in the 5% to 6% range over a long trend, that hasn't been that high over the last 5 years. So of that -- so I would say 5% to 6% is probably the long-term trend when we look at the continued growth of electronics. And that really is about probably 8% volume, unit volume growth on average -- or maybe, yes, 6% unit volume growth rather, 2% price erosion, 2% to 3% content growth, in those ranges, plus or minus 1%. And it really is kind of market by market as well. That's the way we would build it up. So -- but historically, the industry has grown in that 5% to 6% range.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, the slight margin erosion -- well, the margin is really low. I mean -- and it's primarily due to overall compared to where we've run in prior years, the volume being way down. SubCom is essentially breakeven right now, a little bit above that. So we believe that's at the low end of the cycle. So the improvement from the rate we're at, picking up 200 to 300 basis point over the next 2 quarters is first and foremost volume driven, most of which I would say is seasonal related, a little bit of project related. And secondly, the actions that Bob described, the actions we've been doing to -- in light of it being down longer than we thought, taking additional costs out to sure up sort of the baseline margin level. So it's a combination of those 2 things.
Thomas J. Lynch: For the back half -- well, for the back half of our year, which would -- is the -- ends in September 30, I think we feel more -- a little bit of a pickup on SubCom because of projects coming into force. So $80 million in the second quarter and getting back to the $100 million to $125 million kind of run rate at the end of the year. Telecom picking up, mostly seasonal, but a few projects ticking in. And then I'd say our enterprise and datacomm business flattish over the next 2 quarters. So it's really driven more by telecom and SubCom. So spending in those areas.
Thomas J. Lynch: NBN ramped up in the quarter. In fact I was down there about 1.5 months ago and they're going aggressively. So I would say we're kind of at the run rate we expect to be over the next few quarters. So the big nice jump up in Q1 and Q2, and it's probably going to continue to run at that level for a couple of quarters as really just deploying the resources to accelerate that. So yes, we're well positioned there, we're shipping product, it's materializing. It's been -- it's taking a little longer than I think the original plan, but not unusual with a project of this magnitude. But it's real and we're shipping. It's one of the largest projects we have done.
Thomas J. Lynch: Yes, we had a 20% growth in our China automotive business in the first quarter. We have a real strong position across every level of the market in China. And automotive is about 1/3 of our total revenue that we do in China, and we're pretty well spread out across our other businesses in China as well. It's the biggest local business per se, meaning that the products are all consumed in China, there's really no export in that. About 2/3 of our other business ends up in products that get exported. Well thanks, everyone, appreciate your time today. Just kind of just to reiterate, we really do feel good about this quarter. I think the operating leverage of the company continues to get better. The cash flow continues to be strong. The integration of Deutsche has gone very well. We're really pleased with the people mostly and the products. And I think we're adding a lot to the value proposition that Deutsch already had. We are looking for a nice pickup in the second half of the year, the current order rates are right in line with that. And I think importantly, at those revenue levels, expect to generate around 14%. And as I mentioned, we're definitely on track to do between dividend and share repurchase about $1 billion of capital return to shareholders. So thank you very much, and talk to in a quarter or if not before.
