Terrence Curtin: No, sure. Thanks, Chris. And there's 2 questions there. And so let's start with the first one. As I said on the comments right now, the demand environment remains strong. And you can look across all 3 segments, certainly, you saw Transportation pick back up. I do think some of that was a reflection of people trying to make sure they had supply chain certainty with what was going on in Eastern Europe and Ukraine which a number of our customers have operations in the Ukraine and Tier 1 customers. And people really working hard to make sure we get continuity of supply.  The other thing that you certainly add was also with some of the China lockdowns. And the China lockdowns, we've been dealing with since -- even in the second quarter, certainly in Southern China, but what we're experiencing in Shanghai is obviously more widespread than what we've been dealing with today. And I think the other key thing when you look at these orders, in addition to what I said is I want to go back to a point which I think is very important. The amount we can produce will be the driver of our revenue. And even when we look at our performance in the second quarter, it was more about our teams executing well to be able to get more out and I would say it was more incremental demand, and we're still in a supply chain constrained environment.   The other thing about your question on -- that I mentioned in the pre remarks, I do think it's important to also look at backlog. And I know that's not something we like to talk about a lot, but it is something as we continue to see customers try to get more certainty also knowing what's going on around the world, we do see customers placing orders out to make sure they are securing supply certainty. And let's face it over what we do, you don't want to be shutting down the line over what our content is in any application.  So we continue to see customers place orders out. It is across all our businesses, and the other element that we always look for is are we seeing pushouts or cancellations in the backlog. And we are not seeing meaningful pushouts or cancellations anywhere. So it really is an indicator that the demand is strong, and we feel good that you see things are, like the industrial businesses, continue to improve from the industrial recovery we've been talking about. Places like appliance, we do see moderating and started in China. We expect that to moderate through the remainder of the year. But net-net, it is a constructive demand environment.  As you get down to your second part of your question about orders and those secular trends, I think you see that in how we talk about our guidance and some of the things I'd mentioned. So the orders that we're seeing do reflect those secular trends. I don't have numbers here in front of me to tell you the order by each one of them. But when we talk about our guide and our content outperformance let me tell you, with the program wins as well as the orders as they're coming in, as these are typically newer custom programs, it is things that are coming in and driving the orders as well. 
Terrence Curtin: Okay. Thanks for the question, David. And let me get into -- I want to reiterate what I said in my prepared remarks. And when we talk about automotive content and what EV has done, one of the things that I always think is important in TE is we have content increase due to electronification, which has happened on both combustion and electric vehicles. And then we also get the kicker as EV adoption occurs. And I think it comes through when you think about our auto went to being up 20% versus 2019, while auto production of 10 million units.  And really, it really shows where we positioned our portfolio and the investments we've been making for a quarter of a decade. And the $60 I referenced on the comments, that's 2019. So in 2019, our content was around $60, low $60s. And in 2021, we were at $80, and we're running above that as we continue to grow content. And if you look over this period, certainly, the number of ICE vehicles made on the planet went down, the number of EV vehicles are up significantly.   And if you look at content going from $60 to $80, about 60% of that content increase is due to electric vehicles, their increased adoption as well as our content, both of those items. But the other 40% is content growth on electronification across vehicles, and that includes ICE cars. So we have content increase on both types of platforms over this period. Certainly, you get the kicker that we've always talked to you about around that EVs grow faster, our content is bigger on it. And you're going to continue to see that because, let's face it, EV adoption is up to about 12 million units this year from $9 million last year, and that's why we get so excited.  The other thing I do want to highlight is our products are really differentiated. And we were in a business review and right now, we're up to about 1,000 patents that we generated around the EV technology globally. And we don't typically talk patents a lot, but when you think about the innovation we bring, I talked about the number of programs and dollar-value programs in the prepared comments, this is happening, whether it's a charger inlet, a connectivity that happens close to the motor, what's happening on the cells, the connectivity you need there as well as some of the power conversion that you need to incur between the battery and the motor.  And there are things that we benefit from all of that and then where we get sensor elements around current sensing also creates a kicker. So I really think you're going to continue to see as EVs continue to get adopted, that is the content and our teams are scaling. And that's something that we also have to do not only how do we innovate, how do we can get the manufacturing done. And I think you're going to continue to see that content per vehicle grow. And I also believe there's a good setup as production gets better, that auto production to get into a growth mode again at some point in time, which will be an additional kicker. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure, Wamsi. Thanks for the question. So let me start with the China element first. And just to base everybody, China is an important market for us. It's about 20% of our sales. And we do not see what's going on in China as a demand issue. Our orders in China have been above $900 million for 5 to 6 quarters now, and even in the last quarter, our book-to-bill was 1.07. So from a demand perspective, we don't see there being a demand problem.  But when you think about the lockdowns, and like I said earlier, we've been dealing with lockdowns because not all our factories are in the Shanghai area. We have factories in the north, up in Qingdao. We have factories down in Southern China around Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Shantou. And really, what we're seeing here is you got to break it into pieces. Where the customer is located? We have customers that are in shutdown. Where are some of our suppliers? And then also how we move things around China because our China business is really to serve the China manufacturing market, it's not an export business to the world.  And really, what we're dealing with is we have factories that are running. They aren't running full till we have customers that are trying to get back up and running. And the number that we laid out here today is really what we know from a bottoms up. If the lockdown would end, I would hope we would be able to recover up. The amount that we're missing here in quarter 3 but it is more of a logistics and a supply getting to the customer than it is actually our ability or demand destruction in any way. So demand is strong, but certainly a very fluid situation, and a very important market for us.  On pricing, your second part of your question. When you look at pricing, we're getting pricing across all businesses and all segments. So when you talk about what element of the portfolio are we getting pricing on, it's all of that. It is different degrees. It depends upon the customer. Certainly, in areas like distribution, we'll be putting another price increase into effect here in July.   With the increased inflation, certainly in those with direct customers, we're having direct contractual discussions, they started last year and they're continuing. And I think it's proven, between the pricing and the productivity that we've been able to drive. It shows up in the margin. That shows the breadth of it. So certainly, we have to get it because of the breadth of the inflation that we've seen and we continue to experience. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. And then you're right. So I'll give you some tidbits here, Amit. But certainly, you're right. We're only guiding for the third quarter. It is due to the volatility. But I think you have to start with, demand is strong. And while we have a little bit of an impact here due to China, our second half revenue is going to be driven by what we can get out of our factories.  We still believe that -- and it's how do we get material, how do we get to produce? How do we get a ship because we do want to continue to make sure we help our customers with the supply situation. If you look at it by business, we're going to continue to probably say you're going to see industrial improve. I've talked about comm air and medical improving, certainly industrial staying strong in energy.  We will see our CS segment to moderate due to appliances and that's not new. That has nothing to do with the recent market. That's really what we've expected and we've talked to you about. And I think transportation is probably going to be moving sideways more due to auto production demand and content. We do -- we would have thought probably 90 days ago, auto production would improve in the second half. with some of the things that are going on, we sort of expect it will probably be running around 19 million units a quarter.  We do have, as Heath talked about, currency, I would ask you all to make sure you're picking up the currency impact. That's an incremental headwind, about $100 million in our second half. And some of the -- the wildcard would be around China. If the lockdowns are able to get done, it will be how do we recover, the customers recover, that if demand stays where it's at, could that be some recovery in the second half of this 300 basis points that we estimate today.  But overall, it remains constructive, and we're going to continue to do the productivity and pricing actions that Heath and I've talked about. So net-net, I think you could see us getting back more to the quarter 2 level plus as we get to later in the year. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Samik, thanks for the question. And I think when you look at our D&D business, the important metric you should be looking at is really what's happening in cloud CapEx. Cloud CapEx is the important driver because as our cloud customers look at it, they're really trying to solve a couple of problems, certainly, not only the consumer need and enterprise need for cloud infrastructure, but also, they're trying to solve operating efficiency because one of the biggest drivers that they have is not only the need for speed and compute, but also how do they reduce their economic footprint.  And cloud CapEx continues to be strong. It actually increased a little bit and we continue to see that be strong. The other thing that's benefiting our content is not only just cloud CapEx and you see us growing ahead of cloud CapEx, we are also winning not only on the speed side, but how do we help our customers solve some of the energy efficiency operating cost issues they're trying to tackle because data centers use so much energy.  And I know Aaron has shared some things around our thermal bridge product, but also as they move to -- they're really trying to say, how do they increase computational power with some of their workload architectures, and that benefits us from a content perspective. And while we do have share gain happening that content element is just as important across all facets of the compute and the store and move elements of cloud.  So I think you're going to continue to see it based upon the cloud CapEx trends, and that's the key driver to look out and then we can draw it out performance versus that cloud CapEx due to really how our engineers are really tucked into our cloud customers. 
Terrence Curtin: I wouldn't say we saw a pull in that because in many cases, we aren't -- what we can produce people are taking. So it comes back to the -- what I've been saying throughout the call about, hey, what we can produce our customers want. The one area where we always have the most visibility is in our distribution partners. And one of the things that we've been seeing with them is they're still light on a day's perspective versus pre-COVID and what they would normally target.  So across our partner network, which is about 20% of our sales, they typically target about 180 days of inventory. They're still running in the 150, 160 overall. So that's something we look at because they can be a pretty concentrated proxy to say is inventory getting too flush out there. But I would tell you, we did see orders increase due to some of the certainty people were trying to get with some of the increased volatility. We did not see pull-ins and really how we produce will be the dictator of revenue. 
Terrence Curtin: Okay. If you look at that, certainly, you see the innovation around ICE platforms. There has been less innovation put into it. You look at -- engine development has scaled back. So what you really are getting on the ICE vehicles, you really have the auto companies very much focusing their effort on obviously, EV first. You also get into data and autonomy type trends. And really on the ICE vehicle, it has become a little bit more of a maintain.  That being said, you do need to think about what TE does, and what we do, we also play into features, safety features, and that really drives, whether it's safety features, infotainment features, emission features, those types of things really are where we get scale and even getting more standardized, we have many parts that are standardized in a car that create tremendous scale for us. So going less unique in a ICE vehicle is not bad for us. It actually provides us the scale. And in some cases, we're seeing them look to us to be that partner to help get that standardization.  And I would go back to what I said on the call. Our content growth in an ICE vehicle is still strong, even though you have the innovation turning towards the next-generation electric vehicles. So we do not see cannibalization when we to move to EV. And we also continue to see that electronification trend.  Now we just ask you to think about your cores of what you feel from a feature, how features change. And each time you're doing that, you're typically getting into more data in the car, things that are going to want more processing to get to more fuel efficiency in an ICE vehicle, could be safety features and all of those create content for TE because you're into the electrical architecture of a vehicle, whether it's low voltage in an ICE engine or your high voltage in an electric vehicle. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, Jim, it's a little bit -- I don't want to be elusive to your question, but it is a little bit different. With our distribution partners, we've also been repricing backlog. So even if they put orders in, we have been repricing backlog due to the broad escalations that we have. When you come into our large customers, that's part of a contract negotiation. We have not been doing surcharges and matters like that. It's been more around price increases. And that's -- like we've said here today, it's about cost recovery. So we're going to continue that, certainly, with the uptick that we've seen. We have more discussions we need to have on pricing, and there are going to be further pricing increases into the channel here come in July. 
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things. Clearly, you got to start with where is the capital cycle at. And we will, similar to the D&D comments I made around cloud CapEx I do think there will be an element that we will follow this industrial CapEx with especially where we continue to position our industrial equipment business. And I think there's an element when I talk about that business, while I talk about some applications we focused on, it's also where we've done acquisitions to get deeper into.  It's -- we did the INTERCONTEC acquisition a number of years ago, we did ERNI, we did ENTRELEC and these were things that were really about how do we get deeper into the trend because when you deal with factory automation, as well as the labor element, what are you trying to do? You're trying to get data off a machine. You're trying to get the machine to have more intelligence that actually can do things that humans can do in machine learning as well as preventative things.  And that all starts with how are you getting data off the machine. And that's what we do, whether it's from a sensing or a connectivity perspective. So I do think the capital spending element is a positive construct. And I think that you're going to continue to see similar to what we've seen with our data and device business, as you're going to see content outperformance above that capital CapEx trend, and you've seen it already.  So certainly, it's a more fragmented world than what we have when we talk cloud but it is something we like where we position ourselves. And I think you're going to continue to see us deploy capital to the bolt-ons that Heath talked about in those spaces to really make sure we strengthen our position. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, Joe, first of all, thanks for the question. No, our inventory levels are a bit more inflated now than I would say that not a new norm, okay? So our days on hand are higher than we would normally run. So even at these volume levels we're carried a bit more than we would normally. This was intentional, and we've talked pretty openly about that as we work our way through the year.  In this volatile environment, where we've seen pretty aggressive swings, largely higher in terms of demand, the ability to be able to respond quickly to our customers and make sure that the customers' needs are met outweighed the pain of carrying more inventory. So we did do that now as certain parts of our business have -- we've been able to get a little bit better insight into a few things and order patterns and so forth. We will begin to start working down modestly from this level through the rest of the fiscal year. And you'll see that corresponding impact on our cash flows, but this is not the new norm. And we'll continue to talk about where we should settle in particularly from a days on hand perspective from that side of it.  In terms of the shift of production, I assume you're talking about we don't do any production in the Ukraine, but certainly some of our customers do, particularly on the automotive side. And as some of those customers have had to shift some of their capacity to other places, and we're really talking about the harness makers within automotive that has shifted around.  It hasn't really impacted our inventory so much because it's already been sold to them. But as they shifted around, it's generally being shifted around within regions. So in that -- in this case within EMEA to other parts of either Eastern Europe or Morocco or otherwise. So we're able to respond to those new locations. And doesn't -- that doesn't specifically have a major working capital headwind towards us. So I hope I answered that question. 
Terrence Curtin: On it, it is something that I would tell you, it goes back to some of the hard work we had to do in the D&D business that we've talked about and it was around -- we wanted to be focused on ultimate high speed. Certainly, we bring the innovation to it. We have pretty even share across all the cloud providers. And on top of it, one thing that the cloud providers look for is also not only around technology is speed to ramp. And I think our teams have done an exceptional job on how they keep up with the pace that a cloud customer wants.  And that's also created share opportunities on top of the innovation. So let's face it, part time, we had calls about D&D where we would talk about the problems we had in D&D. And I really think the D&D story is one where we got focused. We repositioned the cost structure. We refocused the team and the team has really executed very strongly on what has been a really good growth trend. We've gained share, and we're also being a partner that you continue to see our confidence on these calls about the content is growing.  And I think there's still a lot of opportunity, especially while you get very customizable solutions that the cloud providers are getting around how do they get their operating costs down. It's not just a CapEx decision. It is an operating cost decision. And the innovation that we get to work with the cloud providers was to make that happen is just as unique as when we deal with the EV and the auto OEMs. So it's a position we really what we built there. We continue to be focused on it. and it's going to continue to drive growth and cloud growth is projected to continue. So I appreciate the discussion. 
Terrence Curtin: Well, what you have is you obviously have much more complicated compute as you get through there. So you get speed. You also get increased thermal dimensions, and that comes into things that our team that really works well with and they have to help our customers solve all that. And some of the orders we saw in the first quarter were some new AI platforms that came in and are going to continue to benefit growth.  On each application, the content does vary. It's not cookie cutter because the solutions that our cloud providers have, are very customized around their chipsets. So it is something we'll try to get you a little bit more as we do some of our Investor Day to give you a little bit more framing, but it is very different by the cloud architecture that we go after. 
Heath Mitts: Mark, this is Heath. I'll take the question on margins. Well, certainly, listen, we're holding our head in this environment. As you mentioned, this is a very heavy inflationary environment for us that impacts metals and resins and freight and utility energy prices. So we feel pretty good about our ability to hold our head in the mid-18s range of operating margins. I would tell you, as you mentioned, we recovered about 2/3 of that through price, and that will be the story as we work our way -- continue to work our way through the fiscal year as well.  And you have to remember, and I know, Mark, you know us well, in a normal environment, our business model contemplates more of a negative price environment based on volume commitments. And so it was not uncommon for us kind of before we get outside of this inflation environment to be down 1 point, 1.5 points of price a year. We've moved that up into positive territory. And as I mentioned on the call, it represented about 1/3 of our overall organic growth. So you can kind of frame up a little bit what that looks like from a price. And yet, that's still only covered about 2/3 of the inflationary pressures, which are significant.  So our business model contemplates certain things. And in this environment, we're happy we're able to pass on the amount of price that we can. Our footprint, we've done a lot of work on that over the last few years, as you know, and especially, you see that come through on the communications footprint where we have optimized that. And at these volume levels, we continue to print margins in the mid-20s in terms of operating margins. And we've been going through a similar type of activity, as you know, within transportation and industrial over the last few years.  In some cases, we're getting close to where we need to be and that regional footprint is important to be close to the supply chains of our customers, and I feel good about that impact that that's happening for us to be able to hold our head here. In terms of going forward, I'd say we're kind of in the same range. And I don't anticipate calling out a temporary depressed margin relative to the timing and as part of your question, we'll continue to pound through this and take advantage of the opportunities where we have and continue to optimize the cost structure. 
Heath Mitts: Well, thanks, William. I'll take the question. Longer term, which is kind of how we think about the 2/3 back to shareholders via share repurchase and dividends and then 1/3 back via M&A, that is a long-term view over a cycle, right? So you're going to have periods of time, including the ones we're in right now, where we see dislocations in our stock price, where we see ourselves as a better opportunity to buy, and we are spending accordingly on that. And we haven't been seeing as many deals get done in the spaces that we're focusing in on.  But there's still a fair amount of fragmentation out there for bolt-on activities across, I'd say, about 2/3 of our end markets. And there is a focus on the spaces that you've seen us do deals and whether that's in industrial or certain things within medical and our high-speed data and some of the activities that we've undertaken more recently there. It is pretty broad, the net that we cast to look at transactions.  And I think given time, you can imagine we're looking at half a dozen or so, and most of which don't get to the finish line for a variety of reasons, but we're very active in that front. I would say the pullback in the stock price, we have not seen a meaningful impact of that and impacts on valuations here in the near term. What that does over the long term, we'll see.  Most of the things we do look at are not public companies. So there tends to still be a fairly decent appetite out there to deploy capital from us as well as others. So that has continued to inflate the multiple some. So we have to be selective. We've got to be smart with what we do with our owners' money and make sure we're getting good financial returns and things that make strategic sense for us, but we're active out there. 
Heath Mitts: Yes, so look, the Q3 contribution margin, I would steer you to really look at how we've been trending sequentially in the mid-18s, 18-ish plus for operating margins. If you recall, a year ago, we were pretty upfront that we were -- our fiscal Q3 a year ago, which was over 19%, and why it was trending fairly hot. There were some timing issues between the second and third quarter of last year. If you go back and look at those margin swings. So you kind of have to look at those together to get a fair view versus this year's Q2 and Q3, which is a little bit more consistent.  But I would tell you that there's no doubt relative to the lockdowns, I mean there is some pressure that's put on obviously. We quantified the top line of about 300 basis points to the total company relative to those China lockdowns. And that does come in a region where we make very good margins.  And so it's something that does have a mix impact as we think about the roll up to a degree. So -- but we're hammering through it, and I don't feel like it's something that's permanent. So -- and I think as you get through and you look at our full year, the full year contribution margin, even including absorbing the earning acquisition still should be with a 3 handle in front of a 30, 30 and change, maybe a tad better than that as we work our way through the full year. 
