Sujal Shah: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's fourth quarter and full year 2020 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts. During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information and we ask you to review the forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning and we ask you to review the sections of our press release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release and related tables along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to one question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We are willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question. Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.
Sujal Shah: Hello, Mark. Are you on? All right, it looks like we’re having an issue. Could we go to the next question please? Then come back to Mark.
Sujal Shah: Okay. Thank you. It looks like there are no further questions. So I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. If you have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you and have a nice morning.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Wamsi. And let me try to tackle those here. Certainly that inventory reduction, more than two-thirds of it or so from the total was in transportation, and that was really the driver of our transportation margins being close to the 13% level. So we would expect as we move forward, inventory is now in the right place in terms of what we need to see moving forward and I would expect the Q1 numbers to tick up significantly at the transportation level. And as Terrence noted earlier, that will flow through nicely to the overall performance for margins in our first quarter. In terms of the comments around Q1, we're trying to highlight that the 21 million vehicle auto production number in Q1, we anticipate that 21 million to be the high point in the year. That does not mean that that's going to be necessarily the high point of TE’s revenue or EPS for the year, okay, and we've got other businesses in the portfolio and some do have some seasonality element to it, in addition to some of the medical recovery that we would anticipate more in the second half of our fiscal year. And obviously, we're actively engaged in a lot of cost reductions. We've got pretty significant heavy lifting this year with some plants coming offline. The timing of those will be staggered throughout the year. But as you can imagine, as the year progresses, certainly we start to benefit more and more from exiting those costs. So, hopefully, that clarifies your question.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Shawn. This is Heath. I think you can – as we look into FY '21, and obviously we're only guiding this first quarter, we feel pretty confident in our ability to get back to prior levels in terms of margins for transportation for sure. In terms of the incrementals, I think it's fair to say at the TE level that thinking about a 30% or 35% flow through is a fair way to think about it and that pretty much is consistent down through the segments. Now we used to say kind of 25% to 30%, if you recall, some of the activities that we've undertaken, are allowing us to step up some of our commentary a little bit. So I feel pretty good about that. Now keep in mind that some of the heavy lifting that we're doing on restructuring on at least some of these plants, if these plants were easy to take offline, we would have done it a long time ago. So they are in many cases from the time that we announced and taken charge, it can take 12 or 15 months to completely get them offline and exit the costs from those. So we're active. We've seen plants come offline in FY '20. And then in FY '21, we'll see another surge of that. So we're really probably talking FY '22 and so forth before you start to see the more significant step up incrementally from here. But certainly at the TE level, we expect margins to improve dramatically in our fiscal first quarter.
Heath Mitts: Thanks, Chris. We did heighten up or tick up our CapEx investments. If you go back a couple years ago, we were running – we’re up north of $900 million. I think you've seen that number certainly come down over the past couple of years. And I would say our viewpoint as we look at FY '21 is consistent, you should probably think about somewhere around that 5% of revenue in terms of our CapEx intensity certainly no more than that. One of the things we do benefit from is, as we were increasing our capacity and that’s both to support the traditional combustion engine customers, but it was heavier weighted towards some of the EV fit up in our factories, certainly we're able to now utilize that. That was done under the assumption of significantly higher auto production than what we saw on FY '20 and anticipate in FY '21. But we are able to utilize some of that capacity as we bring some of these plants offline. We're talking to you about restructuring dollars to take some of these plants, primarily in Europe offline. You don't hear us talking about incremental CapEx on the receiving end of where that activity is going to go because that's already in place. And the second part of your question around does this differentiate us versus others? I certainly think it does. I can't give you – speak on behalf of other companies and what their capital structures are in terms of some of the smaller players, but I can tell you that it is – there is particularly on the frontend a fair amount of capital investment, both on the CapEx side as well as on the engineering front to support these customers, particularly as Terrence noted, as it's an evolving area in terms of what actually is going to be produced where and who's going to do what. And I think we're very well positioned. And as you know, make money in this business, it's all about scale. And it's about having the ability to handle the customers' needs and be able to ramp production at full scale. And that's what we're good at.
Heath Mitts: Jim, thanks, and you said it right. 21 million units in the December quarter I think for the past five years has been the peak production globally. So when we look at the 21 million we expect in the first quarter, we do expect that to be the high point. But that doesn't mean it's the high point for EPS, Jim. That's just auto production estimate. And it's the high point as we look into '21. So, like I said during the call, we still think a gradual recovery of our markets is the right way to look at this. Certainly, we like that the recovery in auto production is quicker than we expected and I think that most people expected, but we do also have to realize that the first quarter is typically the high point of auto production in the year due to the effect of China and how China is the largest car producing country on the planet.
Heath Mitts: Yes, we aren't guiding for the year. And I guess on the first point, I’d ask you to look at third party resources on your first part of your question. When we look at the first quarter though where we are guiding, there is an element even in the first quarter at the 21 million units. That will still be down year-on-year versus around 22 million units last year. We see every geography still being down year-on-year, but certainly at a lower rate than we've been experiencing. So as you look through the geographies, even though China continues to go up to its first quarter, we do expect China production to be down year-over-year and we also expect the other regions of the world. I do think it's important to realize how – we like this recovery, but we still – some of the regions we highlight where we're at is we're still below where we were at in 2019. And what we're very focused on is how do we make sure we adjust to the world, not only in auto and elsewhere to the world of post-COVID that we're still trying to figure out. So still it's nice to see the sequential recovery up to the 21 million units versus where we were two quarters ago at 12, and we’ll continue to keep you updated as we go through the year. And we still expect a gradual recovery.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, certainly. I think 2020 clearly solidified where we sort of said 4% to 6%. There is an element of where does the consumer go to buy as well as the government programs help them. One of the things that have been very nice and I mentioned in the comments is you see EV production and car sales really increase last year double digit in what's a really tough economy. And it was more in Europe and it actually was where it's been in Asia. And we still view that Asia and Europe will be the leading areas where you get adoption. Like we've always said is you do typically need – where EVs are still less penetrated, you do need some government help to basically make sure as that scales. And the U.S. is still an area that is less penetrated than the others and has less regulation. So anything that helps EV penetration and increased penetration helps our growth. And a chunk of our content is driven by the EV growth this past year being in the double digits. And we're bullish on EV and certainly we've been investing to make sure we have scaled that architecture globally. And what's nice is it looks like the bigger adoption is going to be in Europe and Asia which is our strongest market positions.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, let me spend a little time on that. And the first thing I would say is, and we’ve talked about it, so that we're all aligned, auto production typically in the December quarter is the strongest quarter of the year of global auto production. And that's really driven by China being the largest producing country in the planet. And as they've taken that position, the December quarter is typically the strongest in China. And that's why we believe the first quarter can be probably the strongest for the year. But as we look across the portfolio, you take areas like industrial and transportation, they are areas that have been hit hard by COVID. We did see sequential improvement. We did benefit from China strength, but our global position is also driving great content in places like India and Europe that we think can be a growth driver, as we go into next year, even though China may have some market anniversarying, it becomes a little bit tougher. In the industrial markets, Craig, Comm Air, we do expect we are in the middle of a bottoming process there. We do think that will be a little bit negative as we go into the early part of '21. But we do get excited that the medical business is going to be rebounding back here as elective procedures pick up. And in communications, we talked a lot about our performance this past year and I think we're going to continue to benefit from as our global appliance position that you saw the benefit in revenue as we go into next year, and that recovers and certainly rebounds as well as where we've done things secularly in our D&D business, which has been a lot of hard work, we reposition that. So I do think it's a little bit different than normal seasonality. Seasonality is tough to sort of think about in this environment when our customers are telling us visibility is short. But it's nice to see the recovery coming back a little bit faster than we thought in auto. And we're trying to stay close to our customers on how do we help them as we're all dealing with an environment where visibility is light.
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Thanks, David. And let me take that. Now first off, it is nice to see the world still in recovery mode certainly with the uncertainty that's around due to COVID. But probably the first thing that we're excited about is not only how the portfolio is sort of playing out, like we expect it in a cycle, because we will be impacted by auto cycles due to our great position there, but I would also tell you that dealing with what we've dealt with 2020 that we do have a clean portfolio versus what we've had in other cycles I think came true. And honestly, it allows us to play offense around where we make our investments organically as well as if we do want to bring both [indiscernible]. And from that viewpoint, I think that's the number one thing that's nice going through the cycle versus others. I think we gave you some examples about the content. The number one content driver for TE is around automotive. It is around electrification. It's also the element of surround data in the car. And that's why we get excited with the 600 basis points we showed last year about performance. And we are confident that the wins we have that that type of level in our 4% to 6% that we've told you about above production as global production continues to heal. And let's face it we're so well off, the 19 plus million units of cars produced a few years ago. The other thing that I would tell you is, during this downturn, it's given us an opportunity in many ways to really make sure we get closer to our customers. They need to make sure they have the partners with them that are going to be there long term. And I do believe our manufacturing strategy that we've been investing in, which includes the cost actions that Heath talked about, has really been an element of how did we get and continue to move our over manufacturing to be local for local. And it's been a journey. We had a lot of work to do on that. It provides cost, but it also provides sort of a settlement. And it does come back to why we feel good that we can enter this flatfooted. We understand that we have margin opportunity in transportation and industrial. We've been talking about that. And how do we couple that with the content opportunities, not only in automotive but in medical, and also what we've done in cloud are things that we get really excited about, and we have the engineering wins that support that. So, as we're all dealing with an uncertain environment that we have to navigate through and adjust to, but we also have to accept the reality of the opportunities as well as we're – some markets like Comm Air, we have to adjust to the reality of that market won't be what it was. And they are the things that I think will drive both growth levers from here, but also margin levers. And our capital structure and free cash flow generation allows us to make sure we can be focused on improving the business and growing the business.
Terrence Curtin: Thanks, Deepa. There's a lot packed into that question, so let me get at it. The industrial margins, I think the prudent viewpoint on that is that they'll kind of move – they'll be consistent in Q1 with what you saw in our fiscal fourth quarter that we just completed, albeit on lower revenue, which was expected and there is some seasonality as we move generally through the year within industrial. So I think we're holding our own there in terms of the journey within the industrial margin structure. But from a Q4 to Q1, I think you should expect those to be roughly flat on lower revenue. Obviously, your question around auto and then more broadly TS, the impact that it has, you are correct. We do have some good leverage there. In terms of our Q1 performance, I think we've talked about a few different times here on the call in terms of seeing significant sequential improvement in that. And then as we move throughout the year, the auto was obviously – we gained a benefit of the content and we've seen those. That activity continued to be strong. But it kind of gets down a little bit to what you think auto production is going to do in the subsequent quarters. That's one element of it. And then, obviously, as we layer in some of the restructuring activities, we have several plants that are becoming offline, but you'll see those more impacted late in FY '21 and more pointedly in FY '22. So there are some pieces there. But we feel very good about the actions we've taken to date and what that allows us to do on the incrementals moving forward. And again, we've kind of stepped up our dialogue there from, I'll say, pre-COVID activities in terms of what we think the incremental is going to look like.
Terrence Curtin: I think the key that you have is we do have to remember, we're on every [indiscernible]. And certainly when we think about the 4% to 6%, EV is probably 200 to 300 basis points of that. So when we look at that, when we think about it, it's across our whole portfolio. So we continue to see very strong growth in EV and high power products. But you also have to realize what percentage is of global auto production. So I think you will have yours and as the EV goes quicker in adoption, you would have us closer to the higher end of our 4% to 6% range. But certainly adoption will be important. The other thing I would just say to the margin element, like anything, EV products or things we have to scale and from that viewpoint, how they scale and how we get volume leverage is going to be very important of whether there would be margin upside potential to our target margins.
Terrence Curtin: Yes, sure, Mark. It's a question we get a lot and I'll try to frame this here. In many ways, it comes into not only where we innovate, but it comes into their strategy that how do they want to make the car? In some cases, we've shared examples where we have $500, $600 on an EV product [indiscernible] looking to others to do the assembly and more of the manufacturing form. We have ones that have $200 where we're playing much more like our traditional component players. So I think as that space evolves, I think that's why you see the wide variation. But even on the component side, the component side is where we get – we typically stick to the 2x, the opportunity. We also when you comment on the margin, you have to say where do we bring value and where do we bring our engineering? We are not a contract manufacturer. We do not view ourselves as a Tier 1. So that's not been part of our strategy. So it's why we typically tell you 2x. But I will tell you the opportunity is not just with new startups, it's also the strategies of every one of the OEMs as they come up and figure out how they want to assemble the vehicles versus traditional. And in some cases, we do more in other places we play our component role and either way it creates opportunity for us that drives the content and will [indiscernible] because we know the architecture so well. And there is existing architecture that goes into electric vehicle that we get content, not just the high power products, that's why we get such content opportunity over the combustion engine as well as the electrical powertrain.
Terrence Curtin: As we look at, Matt, I know I said visibility is limited. And what I'd like to keep it to is probably the latter part of your question on sell-through. And we talked about in other calls. The element is it's good to see production recovering. But the real proof in the pudding is, are people buying cars? And what has been nice, if you go in Asia and LatAm, we had concerns of what was pent-up demand versus ongoing sell-through. And China, as we’ve seen from the figures, has stayed pretty consistent with the sell-through and the inventory levels in China are at very normalized levels. In Northern America, certainly production is ramping. We also see that the demand is nice and inventory levels are at a comfortable spot. The one area where we'd say inventory is still elevated is Europe. Some of that, we've also told you, relates to with the regulatory changes there between EV and combustion engines. I do think the consumer has been a little bit more cautious on vehicle purchases. So that's the one area that we continue to look at to say, hey, we'd like to see inventory work down. We like the structures and some of the incentive programs governments have put into place to really do cash for comfort type programs and [indiscernible], but we still need to see inventories come down in Europe.
Terrence Curtin: Yes. Heath’s exactly right. It is important. While there are startups, you still have to get the price point and where the consumer is there and scale, it is a big advantage. It is something that when you think about scale, there's two elements of scale in our business model that to your point used the word [indiscernible] was very important. It is the element of how you deploy the engineering resources against where those designs are happening. And then there's a backend scale, part of it is how do you make sure that manufacturing, what you design, you bring scale in the automotive business where the customer wants the supply chain to be. The automotive business is still adjusting on business, and it's very important that the scale that you bring is where they’re selling the vehicles. And in some cases, what starts as maybe they think they're going to penetrate one part of the world, they want to – may take off in another part of the world the platform, and how do you bring scale for continuity, because it is still an industry that wants to make sure it's quality and that element, and they also want to make sure they can get the product to cost point their [ph] car that somebody can afford. So it is the scale element as EV scales. I think it's the biggest opportunity we have and also one we've signed up for how do we make sure that we bring scale to.
Terrence Curtin: Pricing across the portfolio is slight deflation. And in auto, auto is typically one that it is annual discussions that are based upon volume as well as opportunities and those discussions typically happen late in the calendar year, early in the following calendar year. So they'll be upon us. And certainly when you think about 2020, there's a lot of volume commitments that weren't made as well as how we're ramping a lot of things so that they are very strategic discussions we have with our customers also come into how are we doing on where we invest engineering. And with where the world is, I don't see them being more price deflationary than normal. I think it will be real active discussions that we have as we get in those discussions with our customers.
Terrence Curtin: I think we'll have some deflation, because of the automotive market. I'm not sure it will be normal. And then we have to get through those discussions with our customers.
Terrence Curtin: So you have a couple of questions there. So let me take the first one. What's been nice? Car registrations have improved in Europe. So when you sit there when I talk about inventory, it's really – think about that deal a lot. It was heavy coming in. Certainly COVID impacted it and we've talked about that. So what I would say is, it's really making sure that [Technical Difficulty] so that was really my comment around Europe. When you think about a program, a program and it isn't just one car or one plan, it really starts at the platform level. And those discussions happen as we're in the design element of the electrical architecture. We’re the data architecture. And in some cases, what occurs is they're taking product off the traditional platform that they say is good enough, that can be interconnect on a light, because the change really between combustion engine and the electrical vehicle, and how they actually start working their platforms. And those can take years, depending upon where they get to the platform element. And once you're on the platform that can say how they evolve the platform. And certainly I think when you talk about EV when you have a startup, they're basically starting with a model. Larger companies really have platforms. And you are seeing some of our larger customers come out with platforms. You see much more advertisement around the world on it, and in some cases it’s due to the regulations that they have to meet. But it's also about where they see the market going. And I think it's pretty consistent what we laid out. So is it different than how we innovate today? No. But what I would tell you is the urgency and the pace on those platforms have certainly kicked it much faster than the design cycles that you would have had on a traditional evolutionary combustion engine. You do see how they're focused very much on EV. You see our autonomy [ph] has taken a little bit of a step back during the downturn. Our customers are very focused on the electric powertrain. And they're also seeing the opportunities of where they are in the world. So you see people very much want to be penetrating China as well as the high end areas, which are some of the vehicles that we talk a lot about, on very high-end vehicles.
Terrence Curtin: Well, it's really two factors. You still have electrification that happens on a combustion engine. When you look at TE and you think about TE, other than on the engine, other than where you get into the ECU element, powertrain is not as big of a content element per house as other things like you have on an EV platform. So where we get content is continued comfort features. Certainly the data architecture that's being built into a car as you move up the levels is going to happen in both a CO2 engine as well as an electric vehicle. So that element that comes into the data architecture continues to evolve. Certainly the sensing you have on safety and the features that we all rely on. So, while the development of combustion engines aren't as strong as they used to be, because people are going to EV, the other features we're getting in the car that do provide, like we've talked about when we've had done some of our Analyst Days, 200 or 300 basis points of content above production in a core engine is still occurring. And those programs – as the data architecture puts in comfort features get added as well as just the whole ECU network evolves, we typically see more contacts being added on the car than less. And the only other thing I would say on the combustion engine is we also see our customers leading us more on that legacy electrical architecture, because they want their engineers working on figuring out the electrical platforms.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at commercial transportation, it is a very broad market. So you're dealing with agriculture, you're dealing with construction vehicles, certainly you're dealing with truck and bus. And when you look at electrification, you do see it much more on the short-haul delivery. Certainly you see people on some longer-haul experimentation. But at the rural market, when you deal with electrification, the impact won't be as broad as you're having in the auto space. That being said, we do see a lot of content and it's both electrification as well as data autonomy, because the features you have in the truck and bus space doesn't have more data uses because you get into fleet management, how they think about their business models. And what's been nice over the years is what our ICT business which historically would have been probably moving much more with underlying production, we have through the EV as well as data have created content separation. And I think you've seen that this year. We also expect, as you get some of the things that are happening globally, in China we do expect to be a little bit of a headwind, but we do expect other parts of the world to be able to make up for that partly plus our content is really going to be due to the content opportunity in ICT. I do still -- we still do believe it's below the 4% to 6% in the car, but it is something that's going to be a big content driver for that business.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at it, realize where we've pointed our business has been very much interventional procedures. And if you look at our customers, they've been impacted around it and they've also are working off inventory. So when we look there, we still see the procedures that we’re very much around being down. We have seen recovery. We would probably say the recovery plus as they work off inventory, you're probably looking more at the latter half of our '21 based upon what we know today, but that could be impacted based upon COVID or any other market developments. But I think we're probably in the middle of it as we speak.
