Terrence R. Curtin: No, thanks, Amit. Let me get into the geographies as we see them and that's assumed in our flat auto production environment. And it is something versus 90 days ago – 90 days ago, we would have told you we would have thought auto production in 2019 would be similar to what we were experiencing in 2018, which is 1% to 2% and it did turn flat based upon some of the dynamics we're seeing. By region, as we look at next year in that flat environment, it's really North America continues to be in the continued flat environment it's been in. We see Europe being slightly down. And we actually see Asia being slightly up and that does include, what we believe the stimulus that the Chinese government looks like they're going to put in here beginning in January on the smaller size combustion engines. So when we look at our flat next year, I think you're going to have Europe slightly down, North America flat, Asia driven mainly by China being slightly up.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thanks, Wamsi, for the question. Let me talk a little about the seasonality because it's something – in the environment, I think all of us have had for the past couple of years, in some cases our seasonality hasn't been typical but when you look at our guidance and even when you see the orders, orders did grow during the quarter, certainly at a slower rate than we've seen, but you saw the sequential decline that I mentioned and that is pretty typical for our business. And so when we look at our guide for this year, we are pretty guiding that historical seasonality, which is the first quarter comes down a little bit off the fourth, you get a little bit more growth in the second quarter, and then certainly, the third quarter it is typically our strongest and then a little bit of moderation into the fourth. So our guide, as we looked at where orders were, does show a more natural shape. From the standpoint of, clearly – and it goes a little bit back to Amit's question, when you have an environment that goes from 2% growth to declining a little bit like in auto, you are going to get a little bit of supply chain movement. That we are dealing with, that's reflected in our guidance. But I'll let Heath talk a little bit about what we're going to do from a linearity on the profitability side.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. I'm sorry about that. We're going to go to the next question, please. And, Craig, we had a bad connection. Maybe we'll come back to you.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah. Certainly, Joe, on the other part there. We have seen in certain markets customers get conservative and inventory levels while we see things like PoS staying in this moderating growth environment. We have, due to some of the inflationary pressures we're seeing elsewhere as well as I think some of the tariff effects, actually pause a little bit. So, we are seeing that as part of our moderation. It's very different depending upon the market dynamics. Markets that are hot, we don't see it, markets that are moderating a little bit, we are seeing some pauses in the supply chain in the purchasing activity that we see, as typical those type of effects work through in three, four months and we do see it in certain markets right now.
Terrence R. Curtin: Couple of things. Let's go back to what we believe that spread should be and that spread, like we said in our Investor Day, is that mid-single digit spread, both from the trends we get around electronification content changed due to both what's happened in electric vehicle as well as autonomy and the connected car. So that spread does not change. This past year, certainly, our performance was well ahead of that, but as we look at next year in a flat environment, we believe our auto business will grow mid-single digit right at that content that we've always said. On a quarter or a period you will get programs that may kick-in and move out, but long-term that 4% to 6% and mid to single-digit content is what we expect based upon the programs we're seeing to drive up to the content per vehicle, we've always talked to our owners about. So while we may have a little bit of a supply chain effect in quarter one, we feel very good at it in the flat environment. We're going to grow that mid-single digit, where we guided for the year.
Terrence R. Curtin: Sure. Thanks, Craig. So first off, we talked about the wins that I mentioned in the call, you see the momentum we continue to have and those sensor wins were over $2 billion. And you've also seen, we're starting to see the growth on the auto programs as we've always told you, when you win an auto program, it take years for that to actually launch and you've seen that we continue to have momentum there and that will help the growth where we guided in sensors next year. When we bought MEAS, it was always around how do you take their great product bag and technology bag they have and really get it, focus on vertical applications. And our first approach was very much around would we leverage TEs in the transportation space. And I think that's what you see, it is very broad, the sensor space is a very broad space, it is space where there is internal divisions we compete against with, some small companies, certainly some larger companies, and our wins we're competing against that fragmented space. What I would say from applications, the application we feel very fortunate because we're starting a little bit from a clean slate since MEAS didn't have much automotive business. And I think we're really driving wins where they are differentiated, and whether that or other things around electric vehicles, certainly around humidity, temperature, pressure, it's a very broad-based that we feel good about. And we're going to continue to leverage it. We're also looking where other verticals that we should be looking at sensor (45:58) I would say that's still, how do we scale that, there's still some of the opportunity we have as a company, but early out of the gate it was very much transportation focused.
Terrence R. Curtin: No, I think when you look at our commercial transportation business, we've had tremendous growth the past couple of years there and a lot of it has been driven by the truck market in China. And it's been both a market benefit as well as a content benefit. About half of our growth over the past couple of years has been content driven. And I think it's what our teams have done, that I've been very pleased with. What we have seen is certainly China from a truck perspective, we do expect that to be down. So we are going to get impact of that as well as the supply chain effects that go with that. So China is a big driver of it, that drives that overall market with where it has shifted. If you look at that business today, that business today is about 30% China, the rest of it would be in the West, between Europe and America. So I think it's one of the things that was a much smaller penetration for us historically. I think it's a real success. And a lot of content win there but the market is – we see some market changes there.
Terrence R. Curtin: Thank you, Deepa, good question. So, relative to the amount of restructuring cash as I mentioned, we guided throughout 2018 that the P&L impact on restructuring to be about $150 million. You can assume about 75% of that was real cash versus, I'll say, non-cash charges inside there. We ended the year about $140 million. I would tell you that if you're modeling, I think $150 million is probably a good number as we think about it. As we progress through the year, we'll keep everyone updated if that number changes and we update our forecasts relative to that. But I don't see relative to how we thought about the cash flow impact of the restructuring in 2019 to have a material difference from how it impacted us in 2018 from a cash perspective. The biggest benefit we're going to get from cash perspective is certainly working capital back off now that we're at, I'll say, more moderate growth rates versus the organic trends that we had been at. And that will have a more significant impact driving our cash higher. As we think about SubCom, SubCom is a business that, at times, very lumpy cash flow. So the cash flow in that business did not always follow necessarily where revenue and profit followed in that business just by the nature of when you receive progress payments and money that was received upfront from time to time as well as when projects were commissioned you might receive a windfall towards the back end of a project. So it was very lumpy as we think about that business in 2018 relative to 2019. Obviously we've pulled those numbers out from a discontinued operations perspective, but not going to have a significant impact from how I would think about cash conversion.
Terrence R. Curtin: Yeah, well, Steve, first off, we've taken the data that we see here and from our customer interactions as well as where do we see order forecasts. So we have all of that that when you look at here and you sort of say before the end of the year, I'm assuming calendar year, we get orders from our customers because it is a just-in-time industry that's there. So feel that what we've gone out with reflects those shutdowns certainly that we saw some of it taking advantage of Europe specifically and that was also the WLTP, which I think is less around Europe shutdowns, but certainly regulation and I think everybody's trying catch up on. So I feel that where we've guided reflects the areas that we've heard from our customers. And what we've been doing, as Heath mentioned, is there are areas when you get an adjustment like that, we have to adjust our operations for. And that's what we're doing across auto it is, so business is going to grow at 5%, mid-single digits next year in a flat environment. So when we look at it, we have to adjust from running at 10% like we had almost this year down to about half of that growth and that's what we're working through right now.
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, I think a couple things, Will, I think you have to get at where auto builds have bid and some of it is last year's first quarter was very strong builds. We could see moderation occur here, adjusting like we said a little bit in Europe, a little bit in China. North America has been flat for three years. So I don't think we've been in an accelerating automotive environment. We've been in a decelerating auto production environment when it comes to growth for multi-years now. Certainly, we thought it was going to be more like 1% to 2% growth going into 2019. It's a little bit sharper. It's down to zero, so I do think auto production has been adjusting and, from that viewpoint, we think it's appropriate. When you look at auto production, we see it basically being about 24 million units the first three quarters and then actually going to 22 million units like it normally does. So when we look at our flat, some of that's related to compares of where do we see production and, certainly, there are pauses in places like Europe, right now with WLTP and certainly China is adjusting. But we expect they should have low-single-digit growth, it's nowhere close to the growth it had three, four years ago.
Terrence R. Curtin: Well, Joe, I think it's a fair question. Certainly, we contemplate a lot of different scenarios as we put together these plans and the teams rally around in terms of levers that can be pulled. There are levers that we're pulling now relative to just the overall softening of the general macro situation and everything we've talked about over the last hour. There will be additional levers that certainly we have queued up that if things worsened and you expect us to pull those. So, how quickly can we pull them? Well, pretty quickly. We have – this wouldn't be starting from scratch. We've done the work and we've taken a look at it but no different than you would expect us to in preparing the company for various types of macro conditions. At the same time, we will balance out the growth. We're not – these are businesses and we start talking about things like automotive across the board and aerospace and so forth that when you're running programs and you're being spec'ed in to programs with our customers that sometimes you're going to have to swallow hard in the near-term to be successful in the long-term. And I think if you look at our history of that, even well before I got here, the company has done a good job of balancing that out to make sure that we keep our customers happy and that we don't lose something because of shortsightedness. So there will be a balance. There are some self-help things that certainly we will execute on and have been executing on and you'll see those start to be reflected in the financial results. At the same time, there's a level of agility that we talk about internally and that we have queued up to allow us to pull those levers when and if they happen.
Heath Mitts: Sure, Chris. This is Heath. I think if you think about our cash flow for 2018, couple things you have to take into consideration. One, we consciously took up our CapEx year-over-year to take advantage of some very attractive growth opportunities, particularly in the Transportation segment. That's across the board, both auto, commercial transportation as well as sensors. And many times in this market you've got to invest in some things after you win a program, maybe up to two years in advance of when you'd actually see the revenue. So that's a – if I was looking at our CapEx, I'd say that's a good indicator on our confidence towards our revenue pipeline there. The other thing is, obviously, we did eat through with the type of organic revenue growth that we're talking about for the year nearing double-digits. We did use some working capital. As you think forward into 2019, the slower growth, that working capital, much of it is going to come back into cash flow out of inventories and receivables. And then from a CapEx perspective, I would say it will moderate some from what we spent this past year, but it's still going to be somewhere in that $800 million range of CapEx.
Heath Mitts: Sure. And, Wamsi, I appreciate the question. There's a couple of things that we've talked about in the past, which we described and continue to describe as a multi-year journey, most specifically that's our industrial footprint optimization. And that's not – we've been well underway with that as we worked our way through 2018 and certainly even more aggressively in 2019. I would say, from a segment perspective, some of the bigger actions that we're taking in 2019 in the industrial footprint, we'll see a much more significant margin rate improvement as we get into actual 2020. This is kind of a year internally that we said a year of execution for our industrial team as there's a couple of very large sites that are coming offline. And as that happens, those are not things that happen overnight. So, this has been in progress for a while. I think what you'll see is modest or flat margins in our Industrial segment in 2019. And then as we exit the year, you would expect some significant improvement there. The other thing we have got to take a look at is we just sold a business roughly $700 million of revenue and what that does create an element of stranded cost that we have to address in our structure. And that does put near-term pressure on our margins as we pull out that amount of revenue without that amount of cost. So, we'll be addressing that. We've already begun taking those steps and we'll continue to do so through the first part of this year. So, you would expect our second half margins, in aggregate for the company, to be higher than the first half as we tackle these things.
Heath Mitts: Sure. I think that when we think about supply chain, there is a couple of pieces here. I'm going to tackle the first half, and then I want, Terrence, to grab the second. There's certainly some things that we have dealt with relative to our operational matters that involve our supply chain and availability of parts, and be able to get things and then through our factories and the cost to expedite some of that, much of that is behind us, or we're on the better end of that journey in terms of the pain points that that has caused. Albeit, we're not – we're never going to let our customers down in terms of being a critical component of their supply chain and so we at times have to do things that drive inefficiencies in our factories to make sure we get out and some of the capital that we've spent this year in addition to the growth programs has gone to address those types of matters. So I feel that we're on the right end of that journey, but again you'll continue to see margins march up as we progress through the year. And then relative to the supply chain and some of our prepared remarks that is causing some air pockets in our demand for sales. I'll let Terrence grab on to it.
Heath Mitts: Well. Shawn, this is Heath. We didn't get into disclosing given where we were in the process internally what the impact would have been for our 2019 numbers, because we had a pretty good indication early on during our budget process, where it was going to fall out. So, did try to put in a 2019 number on there would be somewhat speculation at this point. In terms of the dilutive impact, obviously it did not have a material amount of profitability as you review the numbers that we disclosed in the 8-K that was sent out earlier today. You'll see that there was not much profitability in that business in our fiscal 2018 numbers. So from that perspective, which was obviously a number that was – had been, we worked through the quality issue with one of our contracts and that had, certainly, an unfavorable impact to the business's overall margins. But as we think through more of a normalized piece for SubCom, relative to the price that we got and the shares we're going to purchase back, I would say that on a year-over-year perspective you'll see a very moderate amount of dilution. And you'll see, obviously, when we normalize the numbers, an uptick in our gross margins and in our overall operating income.
Heath Mitts: Jim, it's Heath. I appreciate the question. Let me give you my perspective in terms of where our efforts and focuses are. Certainly, what we've talked about relative to the Industrial segment is unchanged. We have been undertaking, we continue to undertake some footprint consolidation activities. We will, in 2019 because there are some investments that get made as we do, we were running parallel as things move to different regions and things like that. You won't see a ton of margin expansion that probably guide you to the model of roughly flat year-over-year at the segment level with an expectation that as we exit the year you'll start to see this tick up as some of the bigger cost locations come off line. So, that's an organized effort of largely the team that right-sized our data and device business over the last several years, that same team is now involved with the Industrial segment. And they are well underway in terms of what they've been working on towards that goal. As we think about Transportation, I think what you'll see is you'll see where we exited this year with Transportation in terms of 2018. There are, certainly, some activities in place to make sure that we are sized correctly as well as in the right areas. My expectation is that you will continue to see the margins tick up as we move from quarter-to-quarter sequentially and certainly from the first half to second half and realize the benefit of some of those actions that are underway, while we're still investing into the growth profile of that business, because that business continues to have strong trends and nothing has changed from that perspective in terms of where we're going within the transportation world, whether it's sensors business that Terrence has talked about or certainly in commercial transportation and auto that are benefiting from the trends of electronification of vehicles. So, there will be a balance there. But as you model the year, you should expect margins to tick up sequentially as well as certainly first half, second half. And then Communications, right, now Communications is a business that certainly from a margin perspective has finished 2018 very strong, the data and device business and appliance businesses, which are the only to be used left in that segment, right. They're both doing well; you'll see more growth out of data and devices this year. And then appliances, I think you'll see a little bit slower growth because we've come to enjoy outsized growth relative to those end markets, but you'll still see nice numbers there. From a margin rate perspective, this is a little bit less about restructuring and more about growth from where our focal points are. But no, it's just the law of small numbers, you can see some volatility quarter-to-quarter within that segment as any one quarter could have better mix than another quarter and so forth and you don't have quite the amount of variability in there that maybe once had. So, just keep an eye on that, but if you wanted to guide mid-to-high teens for that segment, I think that's a fair place.
