Tom Lynch: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. If you could now please turn to Slide 3. Q2 was a solid quarter for the company. Sales of $3.25 billion were at the high end of our guidance range. Adjusted EPS of $0.68 were above the high end of guidance due to another strong quarter of performance in our Transportation segment. Free cash flow is very strong at $379 million, and our operating margin improved 90 basis points sequentially to 13%, a sequential improvement in all of our segments. From a strategic perspective, we continued to strengthen our portfolio with the closing of the Deutsch acquisition in early April and the planned divestiture of Touch and Services. Orders strengthened during the quarter, and book-to-bill excluding our SubCom business was 1.03, up from 0.98 in Q1. Market trends in our Transportation segment continue to be strong, particularly in Automotive and commercial Aerospace. Telecom, DataComm and appliance markets started to show some strength in the quarter, coming off a relatively weak Q1. Industrial Equipment markets were up slightly in the quarter, however, the improvement is coming a little slower than we expected. Our Consumer business was down slightly as expected. Overall, orders are picking up. But there is still a fair amount of uncertainty in the global economy. On a regional basis, we see strengths in most U.S. markets. And in Europe and Asia the markets remain mixed, with the exception of Automotive. The company's operating margin was back at 13%, as all of our businesses improved margins in the quarter. And importantly, CIS profitability improved sequentially by about 150 basis points on essentially flat revenue. We do expect CIS margins to be back to the double-digit operating level in the second half. Our outlook for the full year is for sales of $13.5 billion to $13.8 billion; adjusted EPS of $2.88 to $2.98 per share; and free cash flow of approximately $1.3 billion. Compared to our view of a quarter ago, the Automotive market is a bit stronger. Industrial markets are improving, but not as much as we had thought. And revenues in the SubCom business are down due to customer funding delays. The net effect is that our full year guidance is down by approximately $100 million in revenue and $0.03 in earnings per share. We do expect -- we continue to expect to have a strong ramp in the second half, with revenues up 13% and EPS increasing 24%. We also expect our adjusted operating margins to improve to the 14% level in the second half. Now please turn to Slide 4. We're very excited to have Deutsch join TE. They provide a broad range of harsh environment connectivity solutions, and fill an important gap that exists in our product portfolio. As we've indicated before, we expect to grow revenue of Deutsch products at the 8% to 10% per year range and improve the EBITDA of the business from current levels of about 26% to approximately 30% in year 3. We're going to do this by leveraging our scale and our supply chain, integrating our go-to-market organizations and leveraging our strong position in emerging markets. For the remainder of 2012, we expect Deutsch to contribute approximately $370 million in sales and $0.08 of EPS, consistent with what we've indicated earlier. This is about 9% revenue growth versus last year for that business. Our expectation for fiscal 2013 for Deutsch remains the same as previously communicated, approximately $760 million of sales and $0.20 of EPS. Now I'm going to turn over to Terrence to take you through the quarter in more detail. 
Tom Lynch: No real disconcerting trends in the auto market, Shawn. I would say China is clearly -- has been, and we expect for a couple of quarters to be growing much slower than it has since the financial crisis in 2009. It's in the low to mid-single-digit growth rate. We're growing about twice that, but I would -- we don't see any disconcerting trends in orders. This far in April, it continues to be solid. And as Terrence pointed out, auto production is going to continue to run at the 20 million to 21 million level per quarter. 
Tom Lynch: I'd say, Shawn, the big structural, restructuring is largely behind us. We did have a little bit more related to the CIS business. We've been -- we've reorganized that business over the last 6 months, and it's a leaner structure now. But I would say, Terrence, no big structural. I think we'll always be fine-tuning the business as the trends shift and production shifts to follow-up customers. 
Tom Lynch: No, we don't see any of that related to pull-ins. Remember, a lot of the auto production in Germany is export, and what we're seeing is even though China, for example, is growing only in single digits now, the high-end vehicles are still growing much higher than that. So there is that impact. It's not being driven by local European demand, but you're right. That is down. It's still more export power. 
Tom Lynch: I think it's substantially complete, and we're looking for a sequential growth in industrial in the high-single digits. So I think most of it is behind us. And as long as end demand also begins to pick up, we're hearing that -- from our big distributors that their inventory levels are pretty close to where they like them to be. 
Tom Lynch: Well, the feedback from our channel partners is extremely positive. And as you know, we've been doing a lot to strengthen our channel business, which was always strong given the size of the company. But in the last 3 years, it's gotten stronger. And this was a product line we didn't have. So through the channel, it's really important the broader the product line, the better. And this is an attractive product line because it's very high end and highly engineered. So we see a fair amount of synergy through the channel. We also see the ability to take this into other markets where we don't have a circular connector product line. That'll take probably a couple of years to do that. And then as I mentioned in my comments, the ability to leverage our supply chain, and I mean we're very, very bullish on the -- both the channel and customer synergies, the emerging market synergies and the opportunity to take our scale, our connector business, being about a $10 billion business, and help out the Deutsch business, which is about a $700 million business. 
Tom Lynch: Well, NBN does kick in, in the second half for us. So not huge, but it starts to build. Everything's getting lined up for that right now. 
Tom Lynch: Sure. I think we've laid out, but happy to relay out. Fundamentally, very strategic-driven, meaning we don't sit and wait for somebody to give us the call. So it's areas that, for several years now, that we wanted to establish leadership position with ADC, gave us a leadership position in the Telecom Networks business, tremendous fiber optic portfolio. With Deutsch, it fills that hole in both Aerospace, Defense and Industrial Transportation and gives us the product line for our broader industrial business to give us the full range. I mean, we had a pretty full range before and this really gives us a great product range. And then as we look forward, we do -- we like the energy infrastructure business. We like the industrial business. They're both pretty fragmented businesses in the sense that they're served by lots of companies like ourselves, and we do have a leading position there. But there's still, I believe, the opportunity over the years. So that's where we focus our efforts right now. 
Tom Lynch: And then from the channel perspective, we would expect to begin in the fourth quarter. We're working through the process now in the evaluation that we select. 
Tom Lynch: It would be -- it's with a big global distributor, so I would expect that you'd see the earliest impact in the U.S. and Europe. 
Tom Lynch: It's in the Transportation segment, which part of that is Aerospace, Defense & Marine and part of it is Automotive. The Industrial Transportation piece goes into Automotive. 
Tom Lynch: There's not anything else that's active. I mean, we appropriately evaluate the portfolio regularly. As far as Subsea goes, I like that business a lot. I think we like that business a lot because we're the world leader in it and it's not easy to get those kind of positions. It's been a bit of a down cycle now, but it's still a good business even in the down cycle. And as you know, when the up cycle comes, it's a fabulous business. So no, that's -- no plans for Subsea. 
Tom Lynch: Yes, we have. And I think it's still more driven by the customers of the channel partner, the end customers' inventories coming back in line and therefore, the channel inventories come back online. But yes, we have seen sequential growth in this current quarter, and we expect it in the third quarter. 
Tom Lynch: It's the orders of the last couple of months. So the order rate picked up as we expected it in the middle of the second quarter and has been tracking, largely tracking to the third quarter. And you're right, most of the pickup is in CIS and in networks. And there's a pretty significant seasonal pattern to network because energy and telecom is really a business that's mostly outside, so there's always a seasonal pickup there. And CIS is -- much of anything, you've got a little bit of an end demand pickup but you do have the benefit of inventories not correcting anymore. So that -- those are the 2 big things. I think if you were to take the benefit of the inventory not correcting out, you would have seen a higher second quarter revenue and a lower ramp in the third quarter. But the order rates through April so far are running just about this level. 
Tom Lynch: I'd say it's really 3 things. It's -- it is content continuing to grow. It is mix. So as I mentioned about China, for example, a little bit of mix. And it is share from -- when things were of that in '09, we kept investing in engineering, and we're really seeing the benefits across the world, especially in the U.S. when we -- we've always been really, really strong in Europe and Asia. And because of the U.S. automakers, for most of their existence that captive -- connector suppliers, so we had been chipping away at that share and invested in the down times, and that's paying off. So it's split to kind of those 3 reasons. 
Tom Lynch: I would say longer -- I mean over time, we would expect our business in that area to grow 6% to 8%. If you take what it grew last year and this year, it's going to be on average high teens last year and flat this year. It is a little bit more lumpy business, but the drive for fiber, the need for fiber is, I mean, it's there. There's no -- really no choice, even with the LTE and in many ways, you'd still -- you're going to have more fiber connection points, fibers replacing coax on the antennas up to the towers. So we're still really bullish on this business, and we have a terrific product line. 
Terrence Curtin: And Shawn, on your second part of your question related to OI margins, our Transportation segment's running at 16% now. When you take in, certainly, the EBITDA that we quoted, Deutsch will be around 27% in our guidance. When you take out the purchase accounting, amortization, depreciation, it gets Deutsch to about 17% right now, OI. That's only about a 10-basis-point improvement in Automotive or our Transportation segment, so it's actually only a slight increase. And on the total company for this year, it's about a 10 to 20-basis-point increase. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. I think, Shawn, when you look at it, certainly this quarter, we had -- you saw the benefit of some of the cost actions we took. As you saw on flat revenue, the margin went up 150 basis points. We still, even though in the industrial market, volume is a little bit lower. As you go through the year, we do -- we still see CIS getting up in the fourth quarter to about the 12% rate, so we still continue to see that benefit coming based upon the cost actions we've taken. 
Terrence Curtin: And on the resin question, we don't anticipate any meaningful stop in production in our guidance related to that based upon where we see production levels right now. 
Terrence Curtin: In your categories, because of the divestitures, between Touch and Services, that really does not benefit or rate that much of our rate. Deutsch, as I said, is 10 to 20 basis points, so when you look at that expansion... 
Terrence Curtin: On -- and overall. And also overall. And when you at really improvement in Network Solutions and CIS based upon the volume leverage and prior cost actions. 
Terrence Curtin: A couple of things. When you look at it, Ruplu, certainly there's seasonality in their business that the first half is typically lighter than the second half. So when we look at things right now, we believe the guidance we gave previously is appropriate and certainly, just taking a second half and annualizing it for the Deutsch business, there'll be a little bit of seasonality in our first and second quarters next year. So it's still in line with what we said when we announced the acquisition. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes. And on the cost side, Craig, just to reiterate. In addition to the supply chain, when we look at taking the EBITDA from $26 million to $30 million, 1/2 of that is in the gross margin area. The other half was in the OpEx structure. Some of it relates to synergies in the back office, as well as the go-to market. So when we look at that, that's just getting started and I think we're off to a good start on the integration. So from that viewpoint, early indicators are positive. 
Terrence Curtin: No. I mean, to Tom's point and the Telecom Network space and when you look at North America specifically, we expect our business to be basically flat year-over-year in the second half. So it's certainly improving nicely sequentially as spending starts to pick back up. So from that viewpoint, it's sort of happening as we expected 3 months ago. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, Samuel. It's Terrence. On that, if you actually look, we basically, right now in this quarter will have, since we acquired them, about $25 million of run rate cost synergies. So when you look at that, we're right on target with what we said publicly. And that's about a $15 million improvement year-over-year. So last year in the second quarter, we had about $9 million in this quarter. So from a cost perspective, the ADC is right on, certainly from a volume, the AT&T items we talked about in North America. Volume was a little bit softer. And as volume comes back, we do believe we'll be right on with the acquisition targets we laid out. So volumes a little bit of pressure, but the cost side's right on. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. When you -- you are right on that, Amitabh. So when you look at it and take Deutsch out, take the discount, moving pieces out, when you look at it, it's actually auto is a little stronger, as you saw in the second quarter. And then the 2 areas where it's weaker than we guided 3 months ago is SubCom certainly to the projects. We've been winning our fair share of the projects, but some of the funding's been taking a little bit slower. We expected one project that's based in Asia to come into force earlier. We expect that to come into June. Certainly, that project's going to ramp lower than we expected. That's the $80 million. The other piece, as both Tom and I indicated, the industrial markets and our CIS business were ramping nicely. They just were ramping a little bit slower. So that's the other area which was a little bit slower than 3 months ago, but the number you stated, the $130 million, is right on. Really SubCom and industrial are the areas that are a little bit slower. 
Terrence Curtin: Sure. Starting with SubCom, when you think about SubCom, we feel that right now, you should probably think about SubCom at $600 million next year. So as these projects come into force, certainly we will always update you. It can be a lumpy business. So if some more projects come into force, it could be higher than that. But right now, let's say you should think about $600 million. In NBN, NBN in our current year, really in our third and fourth quarter, as Tom mentioned, is about $25 million, $30 million of revenue this year. That could ramp, depending upon deployment, up into the $100 million range per annum over the next 10 full years as we talked previously. So we're starting to see in our third quarter some NBN activity as they're mobilizing their deployment and how that goes could go up to about $100 million per annum based upon the ramp. Then that could get up there maybe next year. 
Terrence Curtin: Let me take the first part. This is Terrence. When you look at Deutsch, it is, if you take their second half to second half, the $370 million, they're growing about 9%. When you look at -- they are getting a little bit of benefit to some penetration in the oil and gas area that is creating that growth and this compare to be towards the 9% area. In the Aerospace and the Industrial Transportation, it's closer to that 6%. So right now they are getting some favorable momentum with some projects they won in the oil and gas area, which as we discussed previously, was sort of an emerging area. So right now, it is a little bit stronger than we said, really due to oil and gas, some of the contracts that they've won. And we still believe we can keep that over a long term up to 8% to 10% over a long-term period versus their 6%, which was more over the past decade growth that we've stated previously. 
Terrence Curtin: And, Steve, just to let you know, that 60% of Deutsch goes into Industrial Transportation which, as we reported, is Automotive. And the remainder would go into the Aerospace and Defense piece. 
Terrence Curtin: For Deutsch, for next quarter, that will be about $20 million of D&A, both as our current estimate in quarter 3 and quarter 4 for Deutsch as we ramp up the purchase accounting. 
Terrence Curtin: Most of the pricing was done earlier than that. I mean, there is -- it's -- there is a catch-up effect, depending on the terms on your contracts and the timing. So a little bit, but the majority of that came late last year. 
Terrence Curtin: Yes, when you look at that, Tony, number one, like you said, we expect in the second half to be flat year-over-year in North America. And we do expect places like Asia to pick up around NBN. As we look going out, carrier CapEx with the broadband, we expect it'll be slightly up. A lot of that relates to being focused on the broadband deployment on the fiber side. So we continue to think fiber growth of our portfolio in the Telecom Network will grow about double digit. So we still see those trends occurring. Certainly early this year, we took a little bit of pause with some of what was going on in some of the customers in that area. But overall, that's how we see it going out. 
