Tom Lynch: Thanks for joining us today and please turn to slide three and we will review the highlights on today’s call. Q2 was another quarter of good execution and what continues to remain a sluggish global economic environment, adjusted earnings per share of $.90 with $0.2 better than the midpoint of our guidance on sales of $2.95 billion which was slightly below of the midpoint of the guidance. Strong operating performance across the company more than offset continued market softness across our industrial businesses. Our adjusted earnings per share was down $0.01 versus the prior year, but foreign exchange headwinds of approximately $0.02. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS was up 1% year-over-year. Adjusted operating margins were 14.9% in line with our expectations, but the adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 20% in the quarter. For the full-year, we are reiterating the midpoint of our guidance of $12.3 billion in revenue and $4 and adjusted Earnings per Share, representing an increase of 11% over prior year EPS. We expect to return to revenue growth in the second half and to generate double digit EPS growth. Our outlook for organic growth 3% down slightly compared to our guidance of 90 days ago. Our auto business remain solid the industrial inventory correction is largely behind us and SubCom continues to build momentum. Our recent acquisition of Creganna is known our guidance as well. These positive factors are offsetting the lower-than-expected growth in most industrial markets and slow growth in our non-transportation business in China. Our EPS growth is benefiting from cross controls, the benefits of our share buyback and bit of a lower tax rate. We have developed multiple levels [ph] to drive earnings growth in a slow economy. During the quarter, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders including $1.1 billion in share buybacks. We expect to continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy, returning approximately two/third of our free cash flow to shareholders over time with one/third of free cash being used for acquisitions. We generated $165 million of free cash flow in the quarter and $400 million in the first half of the year. We expect our normal strong second half cash generation to continue. We also continue to strengthen the company's harsh environment portfolio. In March, we completed the sale of our circuit protection businesses. Earlier this month, we completed the acquisition of Creganna, doubling the size of our medical business to about $500 million in revenue and establishing TE as a leading provider of solutions to the high-growth minimally invasive medical market. This morning, we also announced a small sensor acquisition, which will strengthen our portfolio of sensor technologies serving the transportation market. In our SubCom business, we continue to gain momentum with the recently announced award our project called Hawaiki, which is the new trans-Pacific cable system linking Australia and New Zealand to the mainland United States. This award will generate over $200 million in revenue over the life of the project and this business has a backlog of awarded projects of $1 billion. I’ll now turn it over to Terrence Curtin, who’ll cover our performance in more detail.
Tom Lynch: Thanks, Mario. Before I get into Q3 guidance on slide 10, let me provide some perspectives on why we will return to growth in the second half. As you know our first half was characterized by several year-over-year macro headwinds. Unfavorable foreign exchange due to the significant strengthening of the dollar against most major currencies, the significant decline in year-over-year oil prices, which resulted in over 40% decline in our higher-margin oil and gas business, overall industrial markets weaken leading to a supply chain corrections with OEM and our channel partners, which we believe are now behind us and weakness across most China markets. In the first half, the factors that impacted us significantly and in the second half most of these headwinds are reduced. As a result, we expect to returned to revenue growth and strong double-digit EPS growth driven by our Harsh strategy and the many levers and operating model. Now, I'll cover the Q3 Outlook. We expect Q3 revenue of $3 billion to $3.2 billion, up 1% on an actual base since flat organically and adjusted Earnings per Share of $1 to $6, up 14% year over year at the midpoint. We expect growth in transportation and industrial, which include approximately $60 million from the Creganna acquisition. This is offset by declines in communications from the sale of the circuit protection business and the continuation of our strategy to exit certain product line in data and devices. We do expect continued growth in our SubCom business. Now please turn to slide 11. We are reiterating our full-year guidance of $12.3 billion in revenue and $4 and adjusted EPS at the midpoint. On a full-year basis, continued strong performance of our transportation segment, the addition of the Creganna acquisition and growth in our SubCom business more than offsetting the negative impact of exchange rate softer industrial markets especially oil and gas in China. As mentioned earlier, the full-year and fourth-quarter include the 53rd week, which contribute approximately $200 million of revenue. On this full-year outlook includes unusually high Q4 revenue on EPS level compared to Q3. So I'll walk you through that. As previously mentioned, this year's fourth quarter includes an extra week, which contributes approximately $200 million of revenue and approximately $0.10 per share of earnings. Excluding the 53rd week revenue is increasing approximately $40 million from Q3 to Q4. So the way to think about this is the $240 million revenue will flow through to earnings at a 25% to 30% rate and this coupled with our typical productivity accounts for the significant sequential increase in EPS. Let me just wrap up with a few comments. As we mentioned earlier, the global economic environment continues to be sluggish. Despite this, we expect to generate another year of solid performance. Our focus on Harsh environment driving TEOA through the organization, strong cash flow and a consistent return of capital policy continues to enable us to significantly strengthen our earnings leverage. The dollar of revenue today generates about 40% more EPS than five years ago. This is serving us very well on a slow growth economy and will deliver accelerated earnings growth that the global economy improves. Now, let’s open it up for questions.
Tom Lynch: Hi, Amit. I think there is a little static on the line, try to get through this. Yeah, normally if you go back over many years, we had a few years we’re up slightly in the fifth quarter few years, we were down slightly, I mean the last year was the free unusual year because that is where China and the Industrial price reduction began to occur. This year the pattern to coming into the fifth quarter is different. We have industrial markets improving; we have China well not quite as much as we thought it would be. For sure, the Auto market is improving as we expected. So, that's really the difference accounting for us, a slight sequential improvement as opposed to what we could just stay overtime and it’s been kind of a. [inaudible]. We also pickup $240 million in revenue sequentially a lot of leverage come with it and that's [indiscernible] think we’ll sure be in a 25% to 30%. The restructuring has been going on through the year continues to flow in an aggregate so they'll be a better benefit in Q4 and Q3 and then a normal productivity momentum, which marches through the year. So when you add all that up, that’s how you get, its looks like a pretty significant hockey stick or you feel it back and say it's a small hockey stick.
Tom Lynch: Sure. Thank you I’ll comment and then I’ll ask Terrence to answer it. I think a couple of things. One, when we look at inventory in the supply chain both that our direct customers and our channel customers, it feels like that pack a balance right now and that’s what our channel partners feels well. So that’s when the business started to go a little bit flat now, last year the supply chain adjustment negatively. So we’ve been going through that. We do China gradually picking up. So and it really began to turn down in the second half of last year and in the fourth quarter of last year. So some of that is to compare, I don’t think we’re not producing a robust industrial market. It’s really, things getting more imbalanced and then we’ll have the benefit of the Creganna acquisition, which is in our industrial segment. So, Terrence do you want to add more color to that.
Tom Lynch: Subsea, yeah communications as you know the mix of kind of three businesses are very good appliance business. Subsea business that is growing and first quarter margins were very high because we had to close out of the job in subsea. We expect to take couple of more quarters and that really pass the margin in the first quarter. Second quarter is more normalized for subsea. So I expect subsea will gradually improve. The data and devices margins will start to improve later this year, but we’re feeling more optimistic about that. We did we were taken certain protection out that was been in the second quarter, but that is not in the balance of the year. So when you go business by business appliance, strong margins study, SubCom take the first quarter out in the little bit of abrasion growing at volume growth and data and devices always to start improving next year based on what we see right now.
Tom Lynch: The one thing I would add Terrence is, we can’t Creganna in China, but outside of the China and our robust platform across China had an existing medical business there in that market is maybe order minimally engaged because you have growing huge population and aging population and don’t have the affordability. So this we’re really excited about helping them scale much better to the in China.
Tom Lynch: Sure. I would say yes. We’re going to get back fairly to the lower end of the normal range in the next couple of quarters. We bought back $3 billion over the last nine months. We did make Creganna acquisition, but we feel these two/thirds, one/third split really works for us. We haven’t seen anything that changes our view, is it from a strategic point of view that’s the sensible capital allocation and as you know all of you’ve been following us for a while. They’ re experience we’re at the higher in two/third’s return to capital and then there is curious when we make any kind of sizeable acquisition whereas to below that.
Tom Lynch: What I add will is just to help the understanding, what I would add will is our automotive business will grow more in the second half than the first half. So we’re not the mixes are changing you know North America flat flattening a bit China picking up, Europe steady, but when you step back to your question, hey is there something going on here? We actually are going to have stronger auto business in the second half than the first half, the overall sensor business growth rate lower in the second half than the first half.
Tom Lynch: Sure. So aggregate for three pieces of our transportation segment. Automotive, as Terrence said very strong business expect to grow mid to high single-digits on 2% to 3%, 2.5% production growth margins there remain strong. Sensors is below the transportation averages as you know with the acquisition with tremendous opportunity to move those margins up and we are investing at we’re increasing our R&D investment at a faster rate than our sales growth in sensors because the opportunity is still great and customers absolutely like another strong resilient technology rich company providing sensors into the transportation market and we are getting significant design and that requires engineers since been our plan from day one acquisition. And then in the industrial transportation business, which is the highest margin business in the group. We are I think we’re navigating very well maintaining our margins in a very really negative growth environment, our growth is just because of our wrong position in China, in Europe is offsetting, North America. So we’re really within the segment. We manage those businesses separately based on the dynamic in opportunity. And Terrence said in his comment, we’re pretty confidence that we’ll margins approve again sequentially basic point Q1 to respect that March to continue in the second half of the year with a little bit of volume growth over the first half of year because there is a lot of operating leverage in this business.
Tom Lynch: One more comment before the I just I think it’s really important if you look at the transformation of the company to Harsh environment, auto businesses the down set definition and you know for us that engineer, high barriers intensity, the capital allocation strategy. You see how that enables us even in the slow growth market to make strategic investment something like sensors, which is going to be a big business for us. And so, yeah we have decided not to really change our strategy there even that we have already leveraged to drive the earnings growth that we set up six months ago. Well, $3 billion $4 billion in revenue and $4 EPS and that’s part of the story too an important work. On the CFO search we’re active as you can imagine, we have several internal candidates we’re going to the external candidates obviously a critically important job, but I feel good about it, we have a very strong financial organization across the company and the team is doing great you can tell in an effective way been with 10 years very well and from mentioned, yeah that’s an everyday and I would expect in the next couple of months will be make announcement.
Tom Lynch: Yeah, sure, Mike. [Indiscernible] when you look that the trend in the quarter between the two that you had what we saw on the OEM side, year-over-year was relatively flattish and then on the channel side, we were still down year-over-year, but what’s nice is it was getting back to where last year’s order levels were which give us confidence that when we get to the third and fourth quarter our channel sales versus last year will be up because we did have that correction in the fourth quarter. The other thing that Tom mentioned that I think support our channel partners have seen positive POS, they are seeing a book to bill greater than one. So it’s not only our order patter as we talk to our channel partners, they have also seen their book to bill go back above one as well as positive POS, so it’s combination of those factors that we see.
Mario Calastri: Thanks, Terrence and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide eight, where I will provide more details on earnings. Adjusted operating income of $440 million was in line with guidance and down 13% year-over-year due to currency impacts investments in transportation and the lower volume impacts that Terrence mentioned earlier. GAAP operating income was $535 million and included $4 million of acquisition related charges and net restructuring in other credit of $99 million primarily driven by again on the sale of our Circuit Protection business. Adjusted EPS was $.90 for the quarter down $0.01 from the prior year with reduced volume from higher margin products and negative impacts from currency exchange rates offsetting incremental benefits from share buyback. Excluding the $0.02 [ph] impacts from foreign currency, adjusted EPS was up $0.01 from the prior year period. GAAP EPS was $1.06 for the quarter driven by net restructuring and other credits of $0.17 primarily due to the circuit protection sale I just mentioned. We expect approximately $100 million of restructuring charges for the full-year, a $50 million increase from prior guidance. Regarding tax, it should continue to obtain [indiscernible] long-term adjusted tax rate as approximately 23% to 24%. Due to the mix of profitability in different reductions, we now expect our adjusted tax rate to be slightly lower this year. As we mentioned last quarter, Tyco International on behalf of they entered into an agreement with the IRS to resolve all disputes related to the previously disclosed intercompany debt issues. During the quarter, we made net pre-separation tax payments to the IRS of approximately $140 million to prevent further accrual of interests and penalties and help drive this settled and behind us in the near future. As you may know the Treasury Department should propose tax regulations earlier this month. One proposal addresses the tax characterization of certain intercompany financing arrangements. Multinational companies, TE utilizes intercompany financing for efficient capital deployment. We're in the process of analyzing these proposed regulations for any potential perspective impact on TE. Turning to slide nine, while we remain in the challenging environment, our performance was in line with our guidance and we expect improvement across our operating metrics in the second half. Our adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 32.6% a decline from last year and mostly driven by lower volume in areas like oil and gas and distribution, which have higher-margin than company average. Adjusted operating margins declined 150 basis points consistent with our gross margin performance. Total operating expenses were $523 million in the quarter down 5% from the previous year, reflecting strong spending controls. Continue to tightly manage discretionary spending while balancing our continuing investment into our Harsh businesses. Moving to cash flow and capital deployment in the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $155 million and our free cash flow was $165 million down from prior year levels due to timing of certain tax payments, but still up in the first half versus last year. We expect full-year free cash flow to approximate net income. We continue to have a balance capital allocation. In the second quarter, we returned $1.2 billion to our shareholders including $1.1 billion in buybacks. In the quarter, we bought back $19 million shares executing against our commitment of returning the proceeds from the broadband networks divestiture. Over the past 18 months, we have returned approximately $4.3 billion to our shareholders to buybacks and dividends. As Tom mentioned earlier, we expect to continue to take a balanced approach with our capital strategy going forward. We are also including a chart on adjusted EBITDA margins, which helps explain the profitability performance of our businesses including acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA margins in Q2 were 20% and show our margin resiliency despite lower sales levels. Continue to be pleased with the operating performance of our business especially in light of the challenging macro backdrop. We've also added a balance sheet in cash flow summary in the appendix for additional details. Now let me turn it to back to Tom.
Mario Calastri: Hi, Shawn. This is Mario. We’re still have about familiar $1.3 billion of authorized and just to remind that in terms of what we talked about in the comments, our strategy remains very much consistent with about and a reminder of what we have accomplished last 18 months and then, Tom if you want to add anything.
Mario Calastri: Sure. On the tax question, first of all on the settlement, we did mention that we have made a big payment to the IRS effectively, stops the accrual of interest on that liability which basically takes out most of the impact of the settlement when we would like to settle. So we already have included in our guidance the fact that we have made that payment that impacts our tax rate. On the second element, as far as the rights that are put in place, first of all those rights – those proposed rights are perspective though they do not have any impact on our current [indiscernible] company and again its complicated matter that we are getting our head around, but no, there is no impact to current in top of that decision that position.
Mario Calastri: Mark, sorry, let me clarify. The way you should think about it is that the settlement is going to be basically EPS [indiscernible] and there is going to be a [indiscernible] between the other income that’s going to go away and tax rate is going to get lower. But this far into the guidance what we talked about the 23 to 24 and being a little bit lower in the second half does not include the sum. So we are just now including the settlement, but you should think about it as EPS neutral because we have done the prepayment to the IRS would basically stop the accrual on the.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Amit, it’s Terrence. Two things, [indiscernible] for Auto production estimate. We’ve been around that 2% to 2.5% since last quarter and really that is China be middle to higher single digits, Europe being about 1%, US about 4%. So that’s we have not those assumptions. When you look overall at the transportation organic growth primarily driven by the comments I made around sensors. We did reduce our expectation for the year around sensors organic growth to really related to the impact of the industrial markets. So the growth we have there was lower this quarter than we thought and we are seeing order impacts due to some of the industrial impact that we’ve seen elsewhere on the sensor business.
Terrence Curtin: Wamsi, thanks for the question. So, the one top comment I made around the backlog adjustment that was in our U.S. business and that was really scheduling change by did not have anything to do with demand, but we have seen in North America. We have seen some leveling of order patterns, as how with I must say there is an acceleration or deceleration outside that specific adjustment with that customer, but otherwise I would say --.
Terrence Curtin: When you look at those increased divestments, you know we had a tremendous manual program wins both in our Sensor business as well as in the automotive business, as you know the long cycle business. So we have been putting investment in just of both those programs. So it’s mainly an engineering and product launch teams both in sensors as well as automotive around this program and then benefit us for two three years.
Terrence Curtin: No. I think, surely Tom said is very well. Last year fourth quarter is when oil and gas as well as lot of the channel and inventory effect head us. So in some ways it’s a weak compared to the fourth quarter last year on an organic basis, but we do see that leveled out, I think the third quarter as we talked about that have been flat year-on-year, I think seems to be industrial world is relatively flat right now. So I think we’re getting those supply chain affects behind us and oil and gas as well as we continue to expect to be very strong market and as Tom mentioned
Terrence Curtin: Craig, I think you said it very well. The number one, it’s a very fragmented margin and what we liked about, what was announced today really is this is a speed sensor that product company that really placed very strongly into the transportation both in the industrial transportation side as well as automotive in the turbo charger applications. So I think when you look at the sensor space, you’ll continue to see two things similar to this that has continue to built out portfolio as well as what we historically and continue to grow this business. So very excited about the business we announced last night and help us strength us in the transportations business.
Terrence Curtin: Hi, Shawn, it’s Terrence. Thanks for the question. I think first of all let’s take Japan, what I would say of Japan, I think you’re sizing Toyota not right. When you sit there and you think through the earthquake in Japan, clearly that’s a poor situation that we’re monitor with our customer you know we have not seen any disruptions yet as part of assuming normal pattern, but demand that it may impact some timing little bit, but we’re talking to our customers constantly and make it sure, we’re helping that anyway that can stay more through you know that tragically in Japan. On China stimulus I think that’s a little more of a complicate question that when you look at it, we did get it back in our first quarter as China’s overall production so we talked about that. What we have seen is China comeback to about 6% production environment here both, which is pretty much in line with the EDP, I don’t think we know whether the China stimulus accelerated some production or demand, but we do sort of view that China production long-term will stay around GEP from China. So, I don’t think we’re for off right now. I think we’ll have to see as stimulus if there is any timing affect, but right now we feel pretty good as production has re-stimulated those from the first quarter being very slow.
Terrence Curtin: I think that what we talked about in the comments, our expectation from longer-term remains 23% to 24% that does not include any additional regulations related above any potential from there. We’re still looking at it and when it comes to the second half, we do expect it will be a little bit lower than the 23% to 24% and that’s mostly driven around distribution of profitability more than expectation around.
Terrence Curtin: Yeah. Tom he said it well. When you think through the interconnect we saw industrial about 50% of glossary distribution in sensor is very little down. So what we seen we’ve actually our sensors industrial actually comedown and slow more like our direct customers. So Tom is very much right on it and the rest of the transportation is like we said in the comment, we see a production environment staying steady at 2% to 2.5% growth certainly China being the big driver. Europe being slight so we see that continues to be solid and transportation when you say it’s down a little bit it really has to do with that sensor.
Terrence Curtin: Well. It is actually just have customers getting these orders into and they change their process. So it does affect the numbers, it does not affect demand and that did impact our orders, but it did not impact the demand we’re seeing from customers. So really it’s just their process about they give orders, they changed more real-time to giving us the firm and that adjustment impacted our orders, but it doesn’t impact the demand patterns at all.
Terrence Curtin: Just one last comment, the 2% and 2.5% production environment we do expect to be the high single-digits around the business.
Terrence Curtin: Firstly, it is ramping. We began increasing our sensors investment late last year and certainly as we’ve been programmed we thought design wins especially in longer cycle business, there will be a gap. So I don’t think its ennobling [ph] but it’s something we have to invest ahead and even in this programs. So it is a ramp that you’re going to see in sensors. But we will expect as we—
Terrence Curtin: I’ll take the first point and I’ll allow Mario to take the second one. Number one, in terms of customer, so when you look at program I think that look at they changed their process. So certainly this was something that built up overtime that’s why they did the process. They gave us very forward-looking orders that’ll be recorded as orders of backlog. Now they moved to be a more with articulated and that had scheduling him up and they are going to head with orders more frequently that does create a debugging in our world. It does not impact programs that we won with our customers throughout the world. So when we look at this, this is something that is very and does not impact programs and can’t get into individual diesel versus electric versus combustion engine and it isn’t there and over time we will just get those orders in more frequently than having schedule back and forth. Now I’ll let Mario turn over to sector piece on your tax question.
