John Robert Strangfeld: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Now that we've closed the books on 2012, I'll kick things off with some high-level comments on the year as a whole. First, earnings. Earnings per share, based on adjusted operating income of the Financial Services businesses, were $6.27 compared to $5.83 a year ago. This is an increase of about 8%. If you remove the market-driven and discrete items in business integration costs we've disclosed each quarter, which Rich and Mark will review with you for the fourth quarter, the EPS increase will still be about 8%. This is because these items reduced pretax adjusted operating income by roughly $200 million in 2011 and again in 2012. Second, financial strengths. In capital positions of our U.S. and Japanese insurance companies continue to meet the high standards, we believe AA, we've managed them to, as you will hear from Rich shortly. We have capacity to remain strongly capitalized even in stressed environments. We've improved our ratio of capital debt to total capitalization, it is under 25% at year end, and the quality of our investment portfolio has never been better. With this strong financial position, we're able to consider potential deals, but we will do so with great care and selectivity. We believe our acquisition of the Hartford's Individual Life business, which closed in January, offers attractive financial returns, strategic benefits, talent enhancements and manageable execution risk. We like our prospects with this, yet we know we need to prove it out. We also remain in the market for opportunities to add outsized organic growth, particularly in the area of pension risk transfer. We closed our transactions with GM and Verizon in the fourth quarter, and we will consider additional transactions on a case-by-case basis. At the same time, we take a balanced approach to investing in businesses and returning capital to our shareholders. During 2012, we returned about $650 million of capital through our share repurchase program, and an additional $750 million through our common stock dividend. We intend to declare quarterly dividends starting with the first quarter of 2013. Third, commercial momentum. We're a leader in the markets in which we've chosen to compete. Our retirement business achieved record account values last year, reflecting the major pension risk transfer transactions I mentioned, as well as continued strong sales of investment-only stable products. AUM has declined to a record high in Asset Management, as institutional and retail net flows over the past year amounted to $30 billion. In annuities, the products we're offering reflect today's market environment. We believe they provide our clients an attractive value proposition and our shareholders, appropriate returns and risk. We believe the Hartford's Life acquisition will produce attractive returns, as well as enhanced distribution and excellent talent for our Individual Life business. And as for Group Insurance, we are confident we will resolve recent performance issues and we will fix this business, a business which remains a significant participant in these markets. Finally, International Insurance continues to benefit from expanded distribution across multiple channels, and from successful integration of Star and Edison. So to conclude, we turn the page on another year. We feel that we have a good head of steam as we begin 2013. We have high expectations for ourselves this year and we look forward to reviewing our progress with you as the quarters unfold. With that, I will turn it over to Rich.
John Robert Strangfeld: Thanks, Mark. Before we move on to your questions, I'd like to make a few final remarks on our results and our strategic progress. As we have discussed, despite what was admittedly a noisy quarter for us, you've heard numerous indicators of very sound fundamentals. And by many measures, we've had a strong year, both in terms of current year results and at future positioning. We've managed pricing discipline, expense and product initiatives and capital deployment to position us well going forward. Our view of earnings power and our potential to achieve and sustain a meaningfully differentiated return in our sector is reinforced by the actions that we took in 2012. The improvement in organic performance, the impact of substantial business flows, beneficial new deals and initiatives, coupled with the core strengths of our company give us confidence in the future. Realistically speaking, there will continue to be some noise. And going forward, as in the past, we will continue to ensure that our underlying performance is clear to you, as we report to discuss our results, which leads me to one other point. When we gave you our guidance for 2013 earnings and ROE last November, we had in mind the impact of FX remeasurement on retained earnings, as of September. We will not consider ourselves to have achieved our ROE goal to the extent that it was made possible by reductions in equity from currency remeasurement. We will make the apples-to-apples comparisons for you. And similarly, our compensation plans will also reflect this alignment. In other words, we won't be declaring victory based on the impact of things like the FX revaluation, rather, as we have said often, we will get there the right way or not there at all, and we believe that we are on a good track. So with that, we'd like to open it up to questions.
John Robert Strangfeld: And it's rolling 3 years forward, so it will not all have gone on at the same time. There's an ongoing program, so it won't match exactly the 80. As Rich said, it's a forward rates, not spot, and it's a rolling implementation.
John Robert Strangfeld: No. I'm not going to give you a projection on total capacity, because there's a whole lot of stuff that's going happen between now and March, and now and June, and now with the rest of the year.
Edward P. Baird: Yes. Erik, this is Ed Baird. There were, in this quarter, the kinds of seasonal factors, as well as normal fluctuations that, frankly, you're going to find in almost every quarter. How while some of these have a certain regularity to them, others do not. So, for example, on the IT, it was lumpier in this quarter, but the totality for the year of the IT expenses was still well within the budget. So I would just caution on taking the result of this quarter, or any 1 quarter, and trying to do a straight linear extrapolation from there. I think you'll find it more fruitful if you look at the totality of it for the year. And if you do that, I think you'll find something more reliable that's particularly true on the earnings, but it's even true if get over on to the sales side.
Edward P. Baird: Yes. Just to drill down on that. If you think in simplistic terms, as the money coming in and the money going out, it's sort of 2 channels on each of them. On the money coming inside of it, there is certain seasonality or other causes of fluctuations. So for instance, on the premium, particularly these days, where there's more of a shift away from recurring premium to Single Premium or to advance pay, so that can start to cause, on a quarter-on-quarter, some fluctuation on the incoming premium. Secondly, as your question touches a point, you can get the same on investments beyond a normal shift that can take place naturally from quarter-to-quarter. You do get, for example, in the third quarter, you tend to get more dividends. So if you're doing a third to fourth quarter sequential comparison, you're going to see some downward pressure there, that is actually completely natural, and not indicative of any broader story. And the same's going to be true, on sort of 2 channels with the outflow, and you already raised one of them, one would be around expenses, you're going to see quarter-to-quarter, certain natural fluctuations that can be caused simply by scheduling. That's particularly true when you've got major projects going on, such as the Star/Edison integration, with those kinds of expenses, are naturally going to have a certain lumpiness to them. And you can even get it in the mortality, with a book this big, quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see certain fluctuations in mortality, but I would observe that this quarter, as, frankly, with all the others we have seen during the year, it's well within standard deviation. And so, if you're comparing 1 quarter to a prior quarter, one could be at the high-end, one that's a lower end, but there is no underlying trend there that I would know or bring attention to.
Edward P. Baird: We haven't quite fine-tuned that yet, but I think the 50% rule that we've been throwing out lately, that 50% of our cash flow is available to the holding company, and some of that's going to pay holding company expenses, but some of that is also going to emerge as excess capital during the year.
Edward P. Baird: Yes, Mark, this is Ed. The character of the bank channel is different than our other channels that are captive, in that it has the capacity to produce much more dramatic growth than you can get through a captive agency system. And that's why, as we described at our Tokyo Investor Day, our strategy there's a little bit different than in our core captive agency systems. The goal is the same in all of our channels, and that is profitable growth. And in the bank channel, that requires more careful and frequent monitoring, because of the capacity to have major sales in a relatively short period of time. Now each of our products contributes to the high ROE and to that balance between growth and profitability in a different way. But we're very careful with the bank to be at the conservative side, both with product design and the pricing. And again, we try and briefly recap some of the things we got into in detail in our Tokyo Day. What we do is both on the design of the product and in pricing, we're very conservative. So on pricing side, we endeavor to be at low end, if not frankly at the bottom, in terms of crediting rate and other aspects of the design. That, in turn, allows us to be equally conservative in our investment portfolio. And I'm sure you're aware that our portfolio, compared to others, is considerably more conservative, both in terms of its ALM matching in terms of not taking a currency bet, in terms of the matching on the currency. So right across the board, we're more careful there. So when we saw in this quarter the rise, what we did was we moved very quickly to ensure that we would bring down our position from a comparative and competitive perspective, so that going into this next quarter, you will see us positioned again towards the more conservative end. So it sounds like you're already aware that we did adjust downward both the implied crediting rate, the commission rate, we also put in just as a back stop, sort of an overall maximum as to how much we would distribute during any 1 quarter, in order to address the issue that Mark raised in his opening comments, which is just to make sure we don't have any concentration of risk in any particular tranche of business that's coming in during the quarter.
Edward P. Baird: Yes, Joanne, I would go back to the earlier comment about being careful for the quarter. It has a lot to do with simply the timing. If you look at the year for the Life Planner model, you'll find that they had an extraordinarily strong year. So that both sales and earnings, up in strong double digits in the 20% range, and what's healthy about the sales, I would comment on, is the character of it. What I mean by that is, it's coming across evenly through all 3 sources of drivers. In other words, we're seeing both a growth in the headcount of about 4%, 3% to 4%; we're seeing growth in productivity; and we're also seeing growth in average premium, which is a brighter trend that we've highlighted in the past. That's also true in our Gibraltar business, and that's reflective of the fact that the retirement and gradually tapping into the higher income group of the aging population. So both the quality of the sales and the quality of earnings in POJ on an annual basis, I think you'll find to be extremely strong. I cannot find anything in the fourth quarter that's outside the normal range in which there might be embedded a story.
Edward P. Baird: Sure. Let me start with a broad, sort of philosophical approach to the M&A. Our general preference is to acquire companies in countries that we're already in, such as the Star/Edison acquisitions. We have a long, and I think, fairly stated successful track record in that type of acquisition. So we always look for those, Japan, Korea, those kinds of countries would be places that we would be open to for that. But in addition, we also consider the possibility of entering new markets that we would do, as Mark expressed earlier in his conversation, on a careful and selective basis. But a cautious expansion of the footprint is something that we would consider. And so, and geographically, they would be in the kind of regions you've referenced. The intrinsic growth rates that are possible in Southeast Asian and in Latin America are places that interest us. We're not really interested, in general, in the mature markets of Western Europe, where we don't have any meaningful presence unto which we could alter business. But getting back to the core part of your question of Japan, specifically. Yes, at the moment, our group is still quite actively engaged although successfully over the major hump, with the integrations of Star and Edison, we do keep an open mind, looking at a kind of companies there. It will be interesting to see, now that the new solvency margin rules are out, whether or not that puts a certain degree of pressure on some companies that, under the old measures, I had adequate solvency margins, but under these new, more stringent solvency measures, may not feel quite so comfortable. So we do continue to monitor that, having made a handful of acquisitions there over the last decade. We do have a certain degree of quiet confidence about our abilities there.
Edward P. Baird: The dollar products have represented, for a while, somewhere between 30% and 40% of our sales. And if you look back over, oh, probably the last 5 years, what you'll see is that there isn't a strong correlation between the currency shift, to the extent that I could find any -- and this isn't much of a trend, it tends to be that when the yen is strengthening, they'll tend to go more to the dollar. And when it's not, maybe less to it. But I'd be careful about that, I don't want to overplay that because, again, we have been selling dollar denominated retirement income product as a lead product in Japan for about 7 years now, and I've not seen material fluctuations based on what has, over that period of time, obviously, been very substantial swings in the exchange rate.
Richard J. Carbone: So let me just give you a little bit of background, right? Half of our earnings that come out of Japan are in dollars, U.S. dollars and Aussie dollars; and half of our earnings that come out of Japan are in yen. We hedge 100% of the next year's earnings, the yen earnings, completely. So 2013, fully hedged at 80, no impact of the declining yen, regardless of where it goes. 2014, we are 78% hedged as of today. 2015, we are 22% hedged for 2015. And as this year progresses, we begin to leg in to '14 and '15 and '16, so by the end of 2013, we'll be 100% hedged in, for '14.
Richard J. Carbone: That is not at 80 because, remember, you're not hedging at spot rates, you're hedging at forward rates, and so you're averaging in the forward rate, and that's going to change, dependent upon the interest rate differential between the dollar, the interest rate differential between U.S. interest rates and Japanese interest rates, that's hard to predict, where we sit here today.
Richard J. Carbone: That's correct. And we are using forwards rates, not spots, right? We're hedging at the forward, not the spot, which is lower than the spot. Well, having said that, just, it will run its course, at the end of the day. The hedge is rolled forward 3 years from the current year, so we'll be renewing hedges now further out into '14, for example, that are at rates that are not as attractive as 80.
Richard J. Carbone: I think the way you ought to think about that is that, we're going to write the check, the check's going to take down, for that moment in time, the check's going take down our capital capacity. We're going to rebuild that capital capacity by only buying back the 250 of shares during the year and -- during the first quarter, excuse me, the first half, sorry, the first half. And then -- I don't want to mislead you there. And then, the retained earnings billed, will restore our capital capacity at some point throughout the year.
