Robert Michael Falzon: Thank you, Mark. Now turning to slide 17, I'll provide an update on key balance sheet items and financial measures. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $5.1 billion at the end of the quarter. The increase of about $700 million from year-end was driven primarily by proceeds from our $1 billion senior debt issuance in March, partially offset by operating needs within our businesses. Cash inflows from the businesses during the quarter supported approximately $760 million of shareholder distributions. This was about evenly split between dividends of $387 million and share repurchases of $375 million done under our $1.5 billion board authorization for the year. Our financial leverage and total leverage ratios remained within our targets as of the end of the first quarter. The year-end 2017 RBC ratios at Prudential Insurance or PICA and PALAC as well as the composite RBC are also shown here. As we have highlighted previously, we manage our Annuity risks using an economic framework that includes holding total assets to a CTE 97 level with the ability to maintain that level through moderate stresses. As a consequence, over time we may see some significant variability in the excess of PALAC's RBC ratio over our target ratio. At December 31, 2017, our domestic and international regulatory capital ratios were above our AA financial strengths targeted levels and we continued to be well positioned relative to these objectives as of March 31, 2018. I would also remind investors of two items we communicated in our guidance and during our fourth quarter earnings call that had a positive impact on adjusted book value in the first quarter of 2018 of roughly $1 billion. First, we implemented the new accounting standard, which impacts the treatment of equity investments and resulted in a reclass of net unrealized gains of approximately $900 million from AOCI to retained earnings. In addition, we eliminated the one-month reporting lag in our Gibraltar operations, so that Gibraltar's first quarter results reflect January through March activity. This did not result in an extra month of Gibraltar earnings, but instead resulted in an adjustment to opening equity of approximately $170 million. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Sure, Erik, it's Rob. So, a couple of thoughts. One let me sort of just sort of set the stage with the characterization of our block. It is a relatively small block. We've got about 214,000 policies. Our reserves, to the point of your question, are $6.2 billion statutory, and that's about 7% of our overall statutory reserves. The nature of our book is a relatively recent vintage, and therefore, it benefits from more conservative plan designs than what we've seen in across the industry. Also notable is that two-thirds of our book are group issued, which also tend to have more conservative plan designs, for instance, lower percentages of things like lifetime benefits and inflation benefits. So, when we look at the reserving of that, it's a relatively small book. We feel pretty comfortable with the level of that reserve. And given that our assumptions are consistent with industry peers and generally on the more conservative side. Now, we recognize that only about 2% of our book is in payout, and the industry is also relatively nascent in terms of its experience and the emergence of that experience. So, obviously, as data emerges we and others will have to reflect that data vis-à-vis the assumptions that we're making. And period results as a result of that as well, any given period you're going to see volatility in that, which we think you saw in 2017 versus what we experienced in 2018. So, our results for 2017 were negative with regard to our underwriting results, but in 2018 in the first quarter, as Mark indicated in his opening remarks, were largely in-line with our expectations. We update our assumptions every year in the second quarter, so we'll be moving into that process. As I mentioned in the last call, we have about $0.5 billion of margins in our reserves in that Long-Term Care block. So, given the size of the block, given the composition of the block, given the margin we have, we believe that we're very well-positioned going into the second quarter process to absorb changes, if any, that might come out of our review of assumptions in that period of time.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, we haven't provided any details on that and sort of breaking that out separately, and the way those assumptions work, Erik, calling out any individual assumption without the context of the overall assessment of those assumptions is sort of a very difficult thing to do, but we benefit from industry studies. We look at those studies and we look at our own experience and I think it's very safe to say that we're across each and every one of those dimensions we would consider ourselves to be on the mid to more conservative end of the spectrum of how others have estimated those things.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, Ryan, obviously, can't really comment on what's coming into the second quarter, given that that process is just kicking off. The only observations I would make is that we have – as we indicated last year, when we talked about, we did have significant impacts as a result of model changes that we were implementing as a result of what we called our actuarial transformation process that we were undertaking. And that modeling, with respect to valuations, was largely completed during the course of last year. So, we don't have an issue where we're looking at significant outcomes as a result of having done major revamps to modeling. That's probably the only insight I could offer at this point.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, I get the direction you're going. And what I'd modify on what you said, John, is that the way we manage that block is not just to a CTE 97, but the phrase we've used is through the cycle.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yeah. So it's our ability to maintain that not only today but through an adverse economic cycle, equity markets being down like 17%, interest rates popping up. So, if you think about that, it's that CTE 97 under a level of duress.
Robert Michael Falzon: No, part of the challenge you have with it, John, is that that is a very volatile measure because, without getting into sort of the inside baseball of how this all works, there's a lot of volatility between capital and reserves because they're calculated differently. And the way that ratio works is that it tends to mute the volatility when you're down around 350-ish (35:11) or so, but when you're above 350 (35:15), depending on what's happening in the market, it affects capital differently than it affects reserves. And so you get lots of volatility above that level. So, it's really hard to read too much into the ratio when it's that high. It's much cleaner to look at it when it's actually closer to the sort of the targeted level.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes, the statutory reserves are $6.2 billion, GAAP reserves are about $5 billion. But recall on the GAAP side you're holding equity in addition to the reserves, so the way that works, if we look at our statutory reserves, we look at the GAAP and the dealt delta has to be filled by equity. So, you've got $2.5 billion of equity in addition to reserves sitting in GAAP where you have a lower level of equity in your statutory statements.
Robert Michael Falzon: Sure, so a couple of thoughts. I've mentioned before about the size of the book. And so as a result of the size of the book, the size of the claims that you get in any given period in a year are going to be relatively small and therefore volatile as well, Tom, so we had like 1,800, 1,900 claims during the entire year, which represents well less than 1% of our policies outstanding. So, you take underwriting results which can be volatile in and of themselves and then you take a small sample size which can be volatile and you just had a compounding volatility. And so specifically, what we saw last year is that the claims had a disproportionate representation of lifetime benefits or sort of a more generous benefit packages vis-à-vis our book. So, our book has got less than 10% lifetime benefits. But the claims last year were like 1.5% ex that. So, it's sort of not proportional to what the book would otherwise be. And so if you just think about our incidents, our claim was only up about 7%. That's kind of natural given as the book matures, claims are going to climb over time, but the severity vis-à-vis of prior year was up like – in excess of 20% and that represents that nicks that came through which we don't think is anything systemic. We think that's just – it's just small sampling and volatility just given the profile of our book. And in fact if you look at the first quarter, part of what drove the operating results being profitable in the Long-Term Care book was in fact a movement back toward a reversion to closer to the average that we have in the book as opposed to what we saw last year.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yeah. Absolutely. So, an estimate would be based on the characteristics of the policy and to the extent it's a more generous policy, it's going to have a larger reserve associated with it.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yeah. So, just the remark that you made was sort of on point, which is that it was a very volatile quarter. We had lots of days where volatility was in excess of 1%, which was an anomaly in the quarter vis-à-vis prior periods of time. So, I think it was in excess of 20 days where we had volatility in excess of 1% and that compares to having less than 10 of those days in all of 2017. So, lots of volatility there. We have a very rigorous hedging program. The implication of that volatility is that they were trading probably twice the level of trades that they do during the day, we'd usually trade a couple of times, rebalance a couple of times during the day. They are probably rebalancing four, five, six times during the course of the day as a result of that volatility. But the end result of that was a high level of hedge efficiency. So, as Mark indicated, it was in excess of 90% and we feel good about that outcome. And so while we had negative hedge breakage, the gross number was around $149 million for the quarter. We've seen some reversion of that, as well, on actually a significantly lower level of hedge breakage on a cumulative basis from where we sit today. So, we think that program is robust. We think that protects us, not only from volatility but also from a declining equity market. So, we feel good about both the quality and earnings prospects of our Annuities book, given the number of things that we've done over the course of the years to de-risk that book of business.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, Alex, it's Rob. I think about it less in terms of sort of that capital ratio and more in terms of the operating earnings that are coming off that business and because we're as well capitalized as we are, our ability to be fairly aggressive about dividending out our earnings in the form of free cash flow out of the business. So, if you look at PALAC in our Annuities business last year, we actually took out over $1 billion worth of dividends – or dividends and returns of capital from the business. And in the first quarter we took out in excess of $300 million in dividends from that business as well. And if you sort of look at the run rate of the business on an after-tax basis, that $300 million compares to around $400 million or so of earnings that we would report in the quarter. So, we feel very good about the dynamic that occurs on the capital side allowing us to be very aggressive about dividending out earnings.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, so that's a different issue, which is how we feel about stock repurchase, so I'll belabor the question by simply saying recall that we increased both our dividend and our stock prices – our stock repurchases by 20% this year, to get us to the $0.90 quarterly rate on dividends and the $1.5 billion of stock buybacks. Obviously, we revisit this all the time. As we thought about that, that level of stock buybacks and dividends is sort of calibrated to our free cash flow ratio. We've brought that free cash flow ratio up to around 65% from where it was at 60% before. If you look at the dividends and the buybacks, it represents just under 60% of our earnings in the first quarter. So, you can sort of see we've got some flexibility against where we are, but we like to keep some room in that in order to be opportunistic to deploy some of our free cash flow towards growing the businesses, either organically or inorganically.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Ryan, it's Steve Pelletier, I'll answer that question. As Mark mentioned in his opening comments, it's not unusual to see transaction activity build over the course of the year. That's especially true in the very large case market, in which we specialize in that segment of the market, seeing companies develop their approaches and their transaction plans over the course of a fiscal year is not at all unusual, and it's in fact what we've seen over the past few years. But I would echo some of the comments I've made in the immediate past. We see a very robust visible pipeline. That pipeline continues to be driven by some of the considerations we've spoken about. A rising interest rate environment helps improve funding status. And so, across the board, ability of plan sponsors to transact is enhanced. And propensity to transact still remains very strong, driven by considerations like rising PBGC premiums and increased awareness of the longevity risk inherent in their plans. So, we like what we see in terms of the visible pipeline and we think that we also like our ability to compete within that pipeline and as that pipeline emerges, really driven again by the same considerations that have driven our business in the past. The quality of our overall effort, the ability to bring large and complex transactions to a successful close, and the ability to onboard large populations of annuitants in a very seamless fashion.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Tom, this is Steve. No, that has no impact on what you saw this quarter with the reserves. Those are true-ups that as Mark said in his opening comments, they all tended to go against us, so a bunch of relatively small items, but in the aggregate we felt it was worth calling them out. Those are items that as recently as last quarter, several of them went in our favor, so they can vary from quarter-to-quarter, but they don't have anything to do with the rider characteristics on our Life business.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, it's Steve. I'll address your question first addressing sales. We did have a solid pickup in sales year-over-year. I'd say that's characterized by a couple of things. First of all, there's generally improving sentiment in the distribution markets around Department of Labor fiduciary rule outcomes and that certainly helps on an overall basis. In our particular case, we were also able to make some judicious and measured enhancements to the competitiveness of our products in ways that – especially HDI and PDI, in ways that contributed to first quarter sales. You will recall that we are pretty unique in our ability to make pricing changes in any direction on a monthly basis. And so, when we saw a rising rate environment over the cusp of the year and we saw the positive impact that that was having on our at-issue returns, we were able to move nimbly. And, like I say, make some measured enhancement to our product competitiveness while still writing the business at very attractive returns. So, that's on the sales side. In the aspect of the withdrawals, I think part of that is natural to the aging of the book as more of the business moves into payout phase and there's more active utilization of the benefit. I'd also say that we saw increased lapsation in this quarter. And again, that is something that is very much contemplated and anticipated in the way we manage risk in the business, in particular in our dynamic lapse function that we spoke to you about a couple of years ago. We expect to see – and Mark touched upon this in his opening comments, we expect to see rising lapses in a rising rate environment. However, I will point out we're talking about a couple of quarters now that we've seen increased lapsation. It's way too early to call some type of a trend, given the duration of the liability, but the pick-up in lapsation is not inconsistent with the way we approach the business from a risk management standpoint.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, this is Steve. I would say that the strength of our Group sales is very much attributable to the strength of our financial wellness value proposition and how we see that really resonating in the marketplace. You recall we spoke about this extensively at Investor Day last year and our financial wellness effort is really about taking the capabilities that exist across all of our businesses and the digital and data analytics capabilities that we've been investing in significantly over the past few years and using those to deepen and individualize our relationships with people, individuals who come to us via the workplace channels, via our Group business and our Retirement full service business. And we see real progress in the strength of that value proposition. I'll give you an example. Again, harkening back to Investor Day, last year, we spoke about the Pathways program. You'll recall this is the program by which some of our top Prudential advisors offer financial planning and financial education seminars to individuals who are employees of our Group and Retirement clients. I think the numbers we cited for you last year were that that program was being taken up by 250 companies, who collectively employ 3 million people plus. Today, those numbers are 350 companies who collectively employ 4 million people plus. And so that type of tangible benefit that we're able to offer to individuals and their employers is really resonating in the marketplace. And I'd say that was the major driver of our pickup in Group sales. And we're pleased not just by the overall quantum of that pickup, 27%, but by the composition of it as well, as Mark mentioned. About 40% of our sales growth occurred in the premier market, 100 to 5,000 lives, where we're really trying to build our presence. So, we feel very good about Group results in the quarter.
Stephen P. Pelletier: I would say the differential couldn't be wider, Humphrey, quite frankly given the fact that the fee basis on the single large outflow was absolutely de minimis. This was a legacy, a passive strategy, which we don't do much of at all, that was part of a larger long-standing relationship. But the fee basis on this part of the business was absolutely inconsequential. And as it relates to our inflows, they continue to come from areas such as certain components of our fixed income business and our real estate business where we are able to continually – continue to attract very reasonable fees. All of this put together means that, even in an age where there's secular pressure on the fees inherent in active asset management, we've been able to keep our average fee basis across our entire book of business very, very constant in that 22 basis point range that we've cited to you before.
Stephen P. Pelletier: John, this is Steve. I'll address your question as it relates to – as it relates to asset management. We certainly have been very successful in growing our business organically. The business that you see today is virtually entirely the product of organic growth. However, as we've mentioned before, we are open to opportunities for inorganic growth. However, in looking at those opportunities, we're very mindful of the importance of avoiding undue social disruption in the asset management business. And so, I think what you'll see or what we have a greater interest in is opportunities that might fit neatly into our multi-manager model, not necessarily opportunities that call for broad-based integration efforts across multiple asset classes, but rather things that can slot neatly into the overall architecture of our multi-manager model. Matters like this will probably naturally tend to be relatively smaller in size rather than deals of very, very large size, but nonetheless, we feel we can attractively utilize the capabilities that such efforts might bring us. On the Life basis, we are always looking for ways to continue to bolster the mortality side of the mortality longevity equation that John mentioned in his opening comments. Certainly, our pretty strong sales levels are one way of doing that, but we also look at opportunities on the inorganic front, as well.
Mark B. Grier: And the concept is more a total asset requirement, which combines both capital and reserves. And the way the liability side changes in terms of the mix is still supported by the asset position.
Mark B. Grier: Yeah, Sean, it's Mark. Just one additional comment. We have substantial technology and human resources dedicated to this hedging process. And so, when Rob talks about the capabilities that we have to rebalance within a day several times, for example, that reflects a big investment in getting this right.
Mark B. Grier: This is Mark, just to add on. When we've talked about this in investor meetings, we've said that the first proof point on the wellness initiative will show up in Group sales. And I think from Steve you're hearing good early returns on that proof point.
