Richard Carbone: That's a pretty broad question, Andrew. Let me start with what we think we've got. I think I mentioned in my opening remarks, we've got on balance sheet between $3.5 billion and $4 billion of capital capacity. We've said before that's first, for business growth and perhaps second, for acquisitions and third, to buffer us against bad things that happen to good people.
Richard Carbone: Let me address the liquidity point. We've got about -- well, you saw we have $2 billion of cash. We've got $2 billion of cash at the holding company. A billion of that is our cash cushion, and then a billion of that is excess liquidity. We've also got proceeds from the Wachovia sale, the JV sale, that are still sitting inside a PICA. I want to just make one thing clear on this, right. The $2 billion of the net $3.7 billion in proceeds is really funding the investment that PICA had. So PICA is going to take that money, keep that money and invest it in long-term assets inside the general account. And it will be between 4.5%, 5% long term. The remainder of that is excess liquidity in PICA that will need to be deployed at some point. And it's probably a little better than $1.7 billion. As far as the rates go, let me let Mark make some comments about where the investment portfolio.
Richard Carbone: It's about $3 billion. $1 billion is at the holding company today and $2 billion is sitting in PICA. And that today is earning money market rates.
Richard Carbone: Okay, all of those together. There was a few things that happened in the first quarter that were outside of business growth. We converted some short-term debt into long-term debt in the Asset Management business, particularly around PNCC and that got reclassified as capital as opposed to operating. We set up some additional statutory reserves at year end due to the interest rate environment. They call them AAT reserves. And that drew in a bunch of capital in the quarter because we didn't calculate that until we file the blank. And the rest of it is sort of made up of cats and dogs.
Richard Carbone: I'm hesitant to throw a ratio out there. I can tell you though, that more than half in this quarter came from other stuff other than the business growth.
Richard Carbone: It's just higher pretax earnings. That rate will persist for the year. In your models, you need to use the first quarter's rate.
Richard Carbone: It's Rich. I'm hesitant to say what normal earnings are on a statutory basis, with the way assumptions whack around and the way realized gains and losses come in and out. And you got the AVR and the IRR, there's too many moving parts.
John Strangfeld: Andrew, this is John. Let me respond to that concern as far as to how long would you give it, or how soon will you know type of question. Our thinking on this is more driven by a change in opportunity set than it is my driven by an arbitrary point in time. Meaning, if we think the prospect or a likelihood of putting the money to work has diminished because the opportunity set has contracted, we'll be considering giving it back in terms of the capital. But by opportunity set contracting, what I'm really referring to is things we would be interested in pursuing that are done away from us. At some point that hasn't happened, meaning the things that have been announced were now things we aspire to do. So to us, our opportunities set has not changed. In some respects, we've taken transaction capacity out of the market by virtue of other people committing themselves to other ideas. So in terms of thinking about this, it's hard to put it in a context of fixed number. I think, I'd think of it more in terms of fixed timeline. I think it more in terms of a significant change in the opportunity set. We like our prospects for investing in the business. And in terms of M&As, we've talked about it before as opportunistic. It's not a strategic necessity, and we want to be positioned to take advantage of these opportunities. But if those opportunities are not proving out, that's when we consider giving it back as we have thought about and as they've acted upon in the past. So more about the conceptual framework, less about a specific point in time.
John Strangfeld: We continue to think there are opportunities out there. And it's very hard to predict the certainty of whether they happen. But we think we're in a position, a desirable position in terms of our ability to pursue them. And whether that translates into outcomes or not, it's too early to call.
John Strangfeld: And client behavior, I'd add to that. There's a lot of work that's done on this. As Bernard said, every day and every week.
Bernard Winograd: Andrew, it's Bernard Winograd, let me try to take a stab at that. I think we see the real estate environment unfolding as we've been talking about it, which is valuations probably reached their bottom depending upon whether you're talking about the transaction market in the second half of last year or the appraisal series, which is probably in the first half of this year. And with the lag effect, that translates into an environment that will improve from mortgage investing, in the sense that the portfolio you have is better positioned, less likely to experience problems. And as I said on Investor Day, we feel like, by the end of the year, we got to the point where our reserves on that front are perfectly adequate. We are happy to be a real estate lender at this point in general because we feel good about the upside opportunity for valuations relative to the downside risk. But we have been in the enviable position of being able to be somewhat selective, in the sense of we're able to stick to our investment disciplines around what kind of credit we are typically interested in, which is and remains the very high end of the market, largely in income producing properties that are stabilizing.
Bernard Winograd: I think, actually, there's probably two or three things that work here. Without commenting specifically on others, we are focused on the middle market, not the very largest plans and not the very smallest plans. And that part of the market has behaved somewhat differently than the small business market in this downturn. I think secondly and probably at least as important, there is a period of time there where we clearly benefited from the flight-to-quality phenomenon. And finally, we liked, and that's probably from my point of view, the most important, we like our positioning in this marketplace as the provider of solutions that are focused on getting good retirement results for beneficiaries. So that we're not focus on being necessarily the lowest cost provider. And we are therefore the beneficiaries of a macro economic trend, if you will, or macro trend in the industry of, as corporate America focuses more on the defined contribution vehicle as the way in which they provide retirement benefits. We picked up interest in there for market share from others who are more focused on being the lowest cost provider.
Bernard Winograd: Suneet, let me -- it's Bernard Winograd again, let me try that one. The ROE has somewhat improved, obviously, relative to what we were talking about that you referred to. Just because markets have improved more rapidly than the assumption we had made of 2% a quarter improvement. So the ROE has been stronger than what you're referring to in roughly around the 10% level. The question is, how it affects the long-term trajectory is an interesting one. Because the short-term impact of adding the business is actually not necessarily positive in the year in which you're added. We do have a certain acquisition costs that are not capitalized, not subject to that. And therefore, there's kind of a lag effect to the benefit to return on equity to when you get to the second year. And I think you'll begin to see that over the medium-term horizon for us, which is as we add this business at higher and higher ROEs, the real benefit of it comes in the second, third and fourth years that those cohorts are in portfolio rather than in the first year.
Bernard Winograd: Nigel, the answer to the second question is, yes. That is, as the real estate markets improve, the adverse or drag on the Asset Management business that results from that should diminish.
Bernard Winograd: Tom, that's hard to answer definitively with regards to the timing. The trend is very clear, which is to the extent markets improve that the need to add reserves will ultimately diminish. We feel like we have the reserves at roughly the right level. We also have begun to have, in this most recent quarter the somewhat encouraging experience that we have sold some foreclosed properties for more than our marks, which leads us to believe that we had it adequately marked for that reason. But as to the exact timing of all that, and we ended stops adversely affecting the bottom line and win gains on sale are larger than incremental reserves, that's very hard to pin down.
Bernard Winograd: It's Bernard Winograd. ROA, I have to say from a management point of view, not a measure that we focus a great deal on. I don't want to contradict your calculation, but I'm focused on it enough to know whether it's right or it's wrong. From our perspective, we are looking at the returns on equity here. And finding the returns on equity to be on the business were writing, in the high teens at this point. And we believe that the portfolios ROE, therefore, in a rising stock market will trend up towards that number.
Bernard Winograd: Yes, it's considerably less. I don't know if our ratio is easy to state, but you can get at that by simply looking at the amount of capital that we're deploying to the business relative to the increase in sales, you'll see it's relatively modest. Compared to what it would've been under the old regime, if you will, pre-HD products.
Bernard Winograd: Well, Darin, it's Bernard Winograd. I could say daily. And I wouldn't be terribly misleading in the sense that there is a continuous process of evaluating how we're doing against the market, and against the various costs that go into the product. And we are looking at it literally daily because we're always thinking about whether the hedging needs to be adjusted in light of the market environment and the pricing.
Bernard Winograd: The IncomeFlex product continues to grow. We're over a $250 million now and it grows each quarter. There is positive momentum there. It's fair to say that it hasn't exploded yet. And part of the reason for that is that to this point, all the sales that we have made have been to clients where we are the record keeper. And for that, that has somewhat limited the marketplace. But we are at the point where we have agreements with third-party record keepers to allow us to sell IncomeFlex to people other than our own platform, whose records are kept by others. And we continue to feel good about the upward trajectory that we're looking at in that product.
