Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the Third Quarter of 2021, relative to our Second Quarter results. Pre-tax adjusted operating income in the Second Quarter was 1.9 billion, and resulted in earnings per share of $3.79 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense of how our Third Quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items. First, our annual assumption update and other refinements resulted in a net charge of 34 million in the Second Quarter. Next, Variable Investment income outperformed expectations in the Second Quarter by 365 million. Third, underwriting experience is adjusted by a net 30 million. This adjustment includes a placeholder for COVID-19 claims experienced in the Third Quarter of 25 million for our U.S. businesses, based on 30,000 COVID-19 related fatalities in the U.S. and 20 million for our international businesses. While we have provided this placeholder for COVID-19 related underwriting experience for the Third Quarter, the actual impact will depend on a variety of factors such as infection and fatality rates, geographic concentration, and the continued acceptance and effectiveness of the vaccine. Fourth, we expect earnings will be lower in the Third Quarter by 290 million, primarily due to the timing of expenses between the Second and Third Quarters. And the make-whole fee of approximately 90 million associated with a previously announced redemption of 900 million of debt in the Third Quarter. This also includes the reduction in adjusted operating income from the sale of our full-service business, which will be reclassified to a divested business, as well as retained costs that will be reported in corporate and other. Last, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by about 10 million, reflecting the difference between new money rates and disposition yields of our investment portfolio. These items combined, get us to a baseline of $2.59 per share for the Third Quarter. I'll note that if we exclude items specific to the Third Quarter, earnings per share would be $3. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power has increased from last quarter, as the benefits from business growth, our cost savings program, and higher equity markets, more than offset the reduction in earnings from the sale of the full-service business. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the third quarter. I would also note that with the debt make-whole fee and retained cost of Full Service, we now expect the full-year 2021 corporate and other loss to be about 1.65 billion. Turning to Slide 11. We continue to maintain a robust capital position inadequate sources of funding. Our capital position continues to support a AA financial strength rating and we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets were 4.9 billion, which is greater than 3 times annual fixed charges. And other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses and other contingent capital facilities. The redemption of debt, as previously mentioned, will complete our plan to reduce financial leverage in 2021 and generate annual interest savings of approximately 30 million, while also enhancing our financial flexibility for the future as we execute on our strategic transformation. Turning to Slide 12 and in summary. We are executing on divestitures. We are ahead of schedule on cost-saving initiatives, and with the support of our rock-solid balance sheet, we are thoughtfully redeploying capital. Now, I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: And maybe, Charlie, I'll just add. In terms of, Humphrey, what you described as stranded cost or the retained cost from the transaction, as we've demonstrated across the company, we've made excellent progress in transforming our operations, gaining efficiencies, but also including capabilities. We have an institutionalized process and structure and it's accelerating our progress on our cost objectives. We're focused on meeting the cost-saving objectives of 750 million by 2023, and as we reallocate and redeploy capital, we'll look to reallocate overhead across our businesses as well.
Ken Tanji: Humphrey, this is really part of our regular review of capital and liquidity profile. And given our current position, we thought it was a good time to redeem the debt. That redemption will have a near-term earnings benefit, but it's also going to provide debt capacity and flexibility for the future. So it really just reflects, we thought it was a good way and a good time to reduce our debt in an efficient way.
Ken Tanji: Exactly. I don't -- I wouldn't connect it directly to any specific transaction. It's -- we're overall regularly reviewing where we are and we thought it was a smart thing to do.
Ken Tanji: Hi, Tracy. It's Ken. As you know, we've talked about we have a very established process for studying our long-term rate assumptions. And in doing so, we look at a variety of forecasts for long-term rates both internally and externally. And when we did that this year, we saw very little movement in those forecasts, and therefore, we didn't see it appropriate to change our long-term rate assumptions. So we look at it very consistently the way we've done it in the past. In terms of long duration target improvements, that's still a year-and-a-half away, we're making great progress in implementing that, and we'll be ready to adopt that on time, but it won't be a transition, it's an adoption date, and that's the method that we think is appropriate.
Ken Tanji: Elyse, it's Ken. As I mentioned earlier, we're making great progress with our transformation effort, including gaining efficiencies, and it is a ongoing and institutionalized and continuous improvement process at this point. So we continue to expect to make progress towards our 750 million cost savings objective by 2023, and we think we're well on track to continue with that. Again, as we reallocate capital and redeploy capital, we'll reallocate some of our overhead costs, and you can expect that to continue as well. So Overall, we continue to make good progress with our cost objectives. I think you should expect us to continue to make progress like we have in the past.
Ken Tanji: Hey Jimmy, it's Ken. When we set that earnout, you may recall that it was above what we set as a baseline for the performance of the business. It was to provide compensation if they were to exceed our original expectations. So that's the way we thought about it when we did the deal, and that continues to be the way that earn-out is positioned.
Ken Tanji: Again, it was there to provide upside if they outperformed our expectations and that's still the way it's designed.
Ken Tanji: I think we've been -- Jimmy, I think we've been pretty transparent with the results so far. They're separately disclosed, so you can evaluate them for yourself.
Andy Sullivan: Hi, Ryan. Good morning. It's Andy. I'll take your question. Let me start by reiterating what Charlie said in his prepared remarks at the top. We are committed to significantly reducing the earnings contribution from traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits. And as you remember, we talked about this is a two-step process. Step 1 is run-off. And we expect about 40% to 45% of the earnings reduction will come from run-off. And we're executing on what we consider to be a highly successful pivot. If you look at this quarter, we had 0% of our sales in those legacy products, those traditional variable annuities, and we experienced 3.8 billion in run-off in those products in the quarter. And we've pivoted to products that are much better balanced, consumer value with shareholder value, and obviously FlexGuard being the chassis product there, where we saw a 17% market share in the First Quarter and we were the number 2 provider of Index Variable Annuity. So step one is all about runoff. And now having said that, step two is a transaction, and conducting a transaction does remain a priority for us. We have work in progress, and we're progressing that work forward. As you noted, I would say the 1 billion to 2 billion range, if you look at the transactions that have been done in the marketplace is a good precedent, and I would say that we continue to see tailwinds of capital coming towards the space. As we've articulated before, we have a very high-quality block of business. As always, as we continue to progress, we are going to be disciplined to make sure we only do things that are shareholder-friendly and have the right economics, much like you saw us do with the full-service transaction. So we're going to keep moving down the tracks and we will share when we have something more to share.
Andy Sullivan: Thanks, Erik. This is Andy, I'll take your question. And thank you for your recognition. We absolutely have been a pioneer and a leader in the space of pension risk transfer. We have a great brand, we have very strong capabilities, and we believe that we have a unique and distinguished track record of execution. We also are seeing strong market opportunity. The market size in second quarter was about 4.5 billion, that was similar to what we saw in the first quarter. We expect the back half of the year to be very healthy. The average funding rate is 99% and sponsors still have a high desire to transact. That being said, this has become a more competitive market, both from the perspective of the number of competitors competing in it but also the number of competitors that are seeking larger and larger deals. Very consistent to what we've told you in the past, we're going to be disciplined in our approach, and we're going to pick our spots, and that is what you're seeing from us, and you should expect to see quarter-to-quarter variation. But if you combine the strong pipeline that we see going forward with the strength of our business, number one, we feel comfortable we could take this approach, and number two, we expect that we'll be a net winner over time and experience good flows.
Andy Sullivan: So thanks Andrew, it's Andy, I'll take your question. As we've discussed in the past, we're very intentionally building out the business and the platform. And we're doing that because as we brought this business into Prudential, we saw just real opportunity and incredible customer demand. We saw again 7 million shoppers in the Quarter, and we're looking at hundreds of thousands of policies that we're going to have sold, and these are customers that we would have never reached at Prudential, so very much part of expanding our addressable market. As you look at those investments, there is, I'll call it a J-curve to those investments, whereas we're adding agents as an example, they will become more and more productive over time. And a number of these investments are fixed expense. So that's why we say the predominant metric is scale. We have to scale up to -- I'll use the word overcome that sixth expense. And we're seeing great progress. You know that we're also -- we're very pleased with the 112 million and the 92% growth rate. We believe that we have a lot of continued room in front of us to grow, to specifically answer your question. As to a specific timeframe around achieving the long-term economics, we're not going to provide more exact guidance.
Andy Sullivan: Thanks for the question on the buffered annuity market and on FlexGuard. Let me start by saying, the driver of our success has a lot to do with; we're a very well established brand that's very well-respected, we have just an outstanding distribution system and distribution partners, and we came to market with a very differentiated product from the indexing strategy perspective. All of that has enabled us to have one of the best launches in probably the history of the industry. So we're very, very proud of it. The market itself is growing. So we're seeing more and more volume industry-wide shift from more traditional-type product designs over to the index variable annuity area. And I would think of this as more of a chassis. It's really a pretty broad area of accumulation-oriented products that have upside and downside buffering. So we see a good bit of room still to run. Having said that, we have at this time rolled it out to all of our third-party relationships and we're in all of our key geographies. So quite pleased with how we've done. As far as its ability to get to some of the very high levels that we saw have 5-10 years ago, I'm not going to put a prediction on that.
Andy Sullivan: Thanks Tracy, it's Andy. Let me hit the tail end of your question first. There is zero change in strategic direction or change in strategy with the Assurance platform, and with Prudential and what we're trying to accomplish. As you would expect, we have been adding to the team and deepening the talent as the business matures. You rightly identified the top of the house, Mike Rowell, a founder, has moved over to a Strategic Advisor role to me, that enables me to take a broader use of his experience and expertise. In addition to that, we promoted Allison Arzeno, who was the Chief Data Scientist, to be the CEO. I'm very excited by that. She is a fantastic leader and has jumped in and has continued the momentum. The other thing I mentioned is we've been very pleased that through the combination of Prudential 's brand and the unique and attractiveness of the insurance platform, we've been able to attract top, top industry talent specific for -- specifically for our product P&L roles. As an example, we recruited a gentleman by the name of Chris [Indiscernible], who has deep health expertise both in Core Health but also was a key leader at eHealth, and he's leading our Under 65 Health and Medicare Advantage. So we're pleased with the talent situation and we're confident that we have the right team and the right talent to take it forward.
Andy Sullivan: Yeah. Tom, it's Andy. I'll take your question. We saw in second-quarter COVID mortality impacts in both individual life insurance and group insurance. And going forward for 3Q, similarly, overall we estimate that we will continue to see impact from COVID mortality in both group insurance and in life, but I would note that that COVID impact in trend is beginning to moderate as we go into 3Q. I think what you're picking up there in ILI is the COVID impact is being partially offset by the fact that the Third Quarter is the highest Quarter for our seasonal underwriting results. So that's why that looks a little different in the exhibit.
Andy Sullivan: So thanks, John. It's Andy. As you rightly noted, we have had enhanced staffing levels in our group insurance business. I think we talked about this on previous quarters. Given the nature of the pandemic and the morbidity effects, we have seen an enhanced level of [Indiscernible] and absence claims, and we've been maintaining higher staffing levels to make sure that we provide the right level of service. We also have been making sure that we maintain our long-term disability claims staff at higher levels. So you're definitely seeing that as a contributor to the elevated administrative ratio. The other thing I would mention is, and we've talked about this on previous conversations, we have entered into a strategic relationship with Accenture to do some of the operations for us. And the nature of that, we're implementing that as we speak, and there's some transition costs, basically, that are doubling up. But that's a one-time effect, and over time, we expect everything we're doing in our group business will bring down the admin ratio as part of our transformation efforts.
Andy Sullivan: Mike, it's Andy, I'll take your question. As I think you're aware, the PRT and LRT business, they are transaction-oriented businesses which means by definition, on the sale of inflow side, that's going to be episodic. But on the outflow side, it's going to be more steady and consistent, and we obviously have pretty large blocks given our past success. So I do think it's right to think of that, that will produce quarter-to-quarter variation, but I would repeat what I said earlier in the call, we are a pioneer and a leader in this. It has been quite competitive, and we plan to be disciplined, but given the opportunities in front of us, and given the strength of our platform, we think over the long term we'll see good flows and we'll be a net winner.
Andy Sullivan: Okay. Mike, what I would say is, we expect that as we said, we're going to be very committed to reduce the earnings from traditional variable annuities and that the run-off effect is -- will produce 40% to 45% of the overall result, and obviously, we would look to do transactions to get the remainder of the impact.
Charlie Lowrey: Hi Ryan, it's Charlie. As Andy said, and as I said in my opening remarks, we're making significant progress. I think executing on becoming a higher growth, less market sensitive, and more nimble business. And this includes the announced full-service sale, but also the completed sales of some of the things we've done before, including the sale of our Korea, Taiwan, Italy, and Poland businesses. So we'll continue to pursue opportunities to reduce the size of our legacy block, as Andy said, of traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits, but as we've noted in the past, we're looking at life insurance blocks of business as well. So we've accomplished a significant amount, but we still have a lot more work to do, and we're going to be very thoughtful about how we execute on the dual goals of fulfilling our purpose, on the one hand, and creating value for shareholders on the other.
Charlie Lowrey: We've been on that one, we're not going to talk about the specific size of some of these transactions, but it is fair to say that we are taking a very disciplined approach and balanced approach to M&A, and that with programmatic M&A you can expect us to do more of this type of deal going forward.
Charlie Lowrey: Yeah. Humphrey, it's Charlie. Let me take that one. First of all, again, we're going to take a very disciplined and balanced approach to this, but when we think about acquisitions, we think about them both from a strategic and a financial perspective. So from a strategic perspective, we look to add capabilities such as product or distribution or increased scale in a market or country. And from a financial standpoint, we look at a variety of metrics when assessing potential acquisitions and that can be earnings contribution, it can be growth. It's going to be a number of factors that we consider. But most importantly, our focus is on becoming a higher-growth, less market-sensitive, and more nimble business. And we're going to continue to be very thoughtful and disciplined about how we execute, with the goal of creating value for shareholders.
Charlie Lowrey: Elyse, it's Charlie. I'll take your question. We've said all along we want to be good stewards of capital. And we have and will continue to demonstrate disciplined and a balanced approach to the redeployment of capital within our businesses and to our shareholders, so that's the overriding concept. And to date, we've already returned a significant amount of capital to shareholders. We've returned over $2 billion and have increased both the dividend and the share repurchase authorization. So we plan over the next 3 years or through the end of 2023, to return $11 billion of capital. But stepping back, let me share with you how we think about capital allocation, and in particular optimization of that capital. Because we look across all our businesses, both domestically and internationally, to ensure that we're optimizing capital deployment, and we'll continue to look for ways to optimize that capital to maximize outcomes for shareholders. And as we've stated, to the extent we cannot find attractive capital deployment opportunities to meet our strategic and financial criteria, then we'll return excess capital to shareholders as you've seen us do in the past.
Charlie Lowrey: Generally, John, we believe that the vaccination rate of the insured population is higher than the general population, and that reflects a variety of factors between age, geography, and a number of things. But yes, we generally feel that the insured population has a higher vaccination rate.
Charlie Lowrey: All right. Thank you very much. Thank you for joining us today. I hope our performance this year, the progress we're making on repositioning the portfolio, advancing our cost savings program and our thoughtful consideration to capital deployment confirms that our strategy to transform Prudential remains on track. We will continue to act with conviction, and with speed to evolve our Company and deliver greater financial opportunity to all of our stakeholders. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress, and thanks again for your time today.
