Bernard Winograd: Morning, Andrew. I think that it's hard for us to predict where the momentum stops for a couple of reasons. One is we do not see competition on the HD front. And while there may be people that work on products that would enable them to imitate or compete more directly with the HD format, as we've discussed many times before, there's both a time and a resources expenditure that's required in order to build the system's capability to do that. The second thing is that clearly we still are the position we have been in for some time now, where a lot of the growth is coming from the opening of new distribution relationships rather than the existing distribution relationships selling more. That was true again in this quarter, particularly noticeable in the bank channel. And so we haven't, so to speak, annualized fully the impact on the business system of all that new distribution. Having said that, it's hard to argue with the premise of your question. At some point, people will respond in ways that we will not choose to or be able to compete with and the market share will level off. Where that is, is very hard for us to estimate.
Bernard Winograd: Andrew, it's Bernard. Let me try to address that. The disability ratio did go up. Incidence and severity were both in play here. And I think first of all, we’d have to say, acknowledge that we're watching this closely. But I think everybody would say that the volatility around disability on a quarterly basis is pretty high, and we are not inclined to overreact to any one quarter’s views. In general, for some period of time now the disability business has held up much better than I think we would have anticipated in a recession scenario and there were some one-off features in the numbers this quarter that don’t give us any real reason to believe that the spike here is the new normal, to borrow a phrase that's currently over-used in another context. The comment you made about the one-off item that Mark alluded to, however, was in the life business, not in the disability.
Bernard Winograd: No. These businesses are very competitive on a pricing basis. And that hasn't changed. But we don't have big initiatives in mind in that regard, no.
Bernard Winograd: Well that cash tracks, right? The cash in the holding company tracks the holding company's component of capital capacity. So the holding company’s got $2.5 billion of unencumbered cash, $5 billion in total, and you reconciled down to the $2.5 billion a moment ago when you talked about the cushion and the remaining year’s cash needs. So the holding company’s capital capacity is about 2.5, its cash is about 2.5. The rest of the capital capacity of 3.5 to 4 sits in the operating subs because their regulatory capital exceeds our targeted levels.
Bernard Winograd: Well, Nigel, it's Bernard Winograd. Let me try to address the interest rate question. And then I'll let Mark comment on it as well and the other question you’ve asked about the environment. All other things being equal, a low interest rate environment is never good news. But our business mix and our business practices do, as we indicated in the commentary, give us a lot of cushion and comfort around that. We don't have a lot in some of the products where the existing book is adversely affected by a low interest rate environment. And we've got a good deal of cushion in the places where we do between where rates are now and what minimum return rates would be. So there's some risk in the long-term, certainly. We don't see a lot of risk in the short-term. However, I think we're saying that it’s something we will have to address in pricing. And we'll have to be thinking about that in pricing because while the effects on the existing book is a manageable thing, the impact of a low-interest rate environment on the way in which we estimate our returns over the long haul is a factor that we need to take into account as we do our pricing discussion.
Bernard Winograd: Tom, it's Bernard again. I can't say much more than what I've said, so let me just repeat it in this context. You're correct in your timing about when we introduced HD 6. And we made changes to it in both design and pricing earlier this year. Every time we do that, we make an estimate of the market environment and conditions and that all feeds into the assumption and that gets us to our -- against our pricing objective of a mid-teens kind of return. What immediately happens thereafter is markets move, and sometimes they move in our favor and sometimes they move against us and more than interest rates change. Everything else being equal, a change in interest rates is not helpful. A lowering of interest rates is not helpful for the product we’ve just sold, but it’s not the only thing that's changed. And all I can say to you about it is that our process of looking at the pricing of HD 6 or the features of the current product offering is a continuous one, and with a limit to the number of times that can be adjusted every year in the marketplace. And we have been, as you note, changing things in response to market conditions. And we'll keep on doing so. But I don't think it would be right to single out the low-interest rate environment and say, “That's the thing that's going to drive us next.”
Bernard Winograd: No, it's not necessarily the case. We will evaluate it continuously. And we will react when we think the combination of our market activity and the financial environment makes it necessary for us to tweak things.
Bernard Winograd: This is Bernard. I think the margin varies widely just because the basis points of revenue per dollar of AUM is quite different, depending upon which asset class you're talking about. But all of that, I think you can discern from our disclosures. I think what's driving the outcome is a combination of things: it’s first of all, good investment performance, which is true for us, has been true for us for quite some time, but is unusually distinctive at this point in the cycle. And secondly, we do have very substantial fixed income flows, and fixed income as an asset class is getting the lion's share of the flows in the institutional world at the moment. So to the extent that continues, that works to our advantage.
Bernard Winograd: Jimmy, let me go first. It’s Bernard again and answer the question about the 401(k) business, and then I will let John address the other question you have. I think the right way to answer that is to say that we are cautiously optimistic, with emphasis on the "cautiously", with regard to the RFP pipeline and the Retirement business. And I say it that way because things have improved in many ways. People are reinstating matches and so forth in the business. And there’s not the same sort of heightened anxiety about the benefit. But it's also fair to say that the passage of the Healthcare Reform Bill has sort of taken up a lot of the bandwidth, if you will, for discussions of this benefit with the executives in corporate America who are responsible for administering both the healthcare benefits for their employees as well as the retirement benefits. And so I don't think that we have seen yet a robust pipeline of RFPs of the kind you might have assumed would happen here just because so much of the energy of the clients at the moment is focused on thinking through how to adjust to the healthcare business. So it's getting better, but it's not growing dramatically at this point.
Bernard Winograd: I think that depends on the pace of events in Washington. The grandfathering rules on existing healthcare plans need to become a lot clearer before anybody's going to know what they want to do. And until they know what they want to do, it's going to be hard for them to focus on other issues.
Mark Grier: Andrew, it’s Mark. One other comment, which is there’s a micro dynamic here around our access to channels and success with new distributors. There’s also the issue of product attributes and value proposition. But remember the broad context of a really big shakeup in the market. And business is moving around, players have exited or significantly reduced their level of aggressiveness in the market, new players are entering. So part of this is there's just a big shakeup. And to reiterate Bernard's point, I'm not sure how long it’s going to continue, but there's a macro force that kind of says the business is going to go somewhere, and I think you have to separate that notion from some of the micro points about how we execute. But this market’s being going through a big shakeup.
Mark Grier: Yes, Suneet, it’s Mark. I'm going to make a brief comment and then hand it over to Rich. We have a routine annually of assessing where the capital sits and a general theme around the insurance companies to appropriate RBC levels and trying to maintain financial flexibility at the parent level. And so I would consider this very much to be the ordinary course of business and consistent with our past practice. And I’ll ask Rich to comment on cash holdings and other holding company issues.
Mark Grier: The answer is this is not in response to a pretty specific need in any particular sub. Everything’s well capitalized and producing good earnings and all of our balance sheets are very strong from a credit perspective, but it’s good housekeeping to manage the financial flexibility at the holding company level as opposed to in the regulated entities. And again, business as usual for us and consistent with past practice.
Mark Grier: Going in reverse order with respect to the emerging influence on ROE. The headline answer is, “Yes, we will need to deploy capital in order to have further accretion in ROE.” Right now we have both excess capital and excess liquidity, and each of those has a negative influence on ROE so that will play out over time as we deploy capital either in acquisitions or longer-term investments or otherwise deploy to our shareholders. So capital is a big issue. You hear big numbers here and don't forget that there's a lot of liquidity earning a very, very low rate of return. The second emerging influence, and I guess I’m saying emerging just looking forward because these are ben [ph 44:52] influences, is the recovery in the asset-sensitive businesses. And the markets were down in the second quarter, and so while we had some improvement in asset management, we had some other drags on earnings from those market influences on things like Annuities and Individual Life. So the market-sensitive components of the income statement, while broadly will be improving as markets improve, fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. And then the third piece of it is the contribution that our very solid businesses make that produce attractive returns and growth. And you hear some noise in the quarter with respect to some of the elements of those earnings’ pictures, but again over time, things like International will grow and will be very, very strong contributors to accretion and ROE. So I think the ROE framework is made up of those components: capital and liquidity, market-sensitive businesses and strong solid businesses. And that's what's going to play out to determine how fast it moves up.
Mark Grier: Nigel, it’s Mark. On the derivatives question. While the passage and signing of the bill represented a pretty discrete climax to the whole process of fixing everything, there's a lot of work to do in terms of interpretation and writing rules and implementation. And there are a lot of uncertainties for us around how we’re affected overall by the broad landscape of regulatory reform. On the specific issue that you mentioned, which is derivatives and hedging costs, I would anticipate that the providers of the long-term long-dated equity-linked derivatives that we use in our Annuity business may be required to hold more capital, and we may, as a result of that, see a more expensive environment in which to use those derivative products. However, on the other side of it, there's the combination of clearing and possibly exchange rating with respect to a lot of the other kinds of derivatives we use particularly the more plain vanilla interest-rate derivatives may drive the cost of those derivatives down somewhat. So I think we’re going to have things going two different directions. Some may be more transparent and less expensive, others may carry higher capital requirements on providers and, as a result of that, more expensive. And I think it's too early to tell which way it's going to go.
Mark Grier: Yes. We had, as we’ve mentioned in previous calls, a pretty plain vanilla short on with respect to what we call the capital hedge. And we said repeatedly that we would be assessing that and looking for opportunities to change it. And so we took that opportunity. We closed that hedge out during the quarter. We’ve talked about the $55 million gain that we took when we closed that out at a level of the market somewhat below where it is today. And we added a hedge that's got more structural complexity and will pay off in a greater amount at lower levels of the market. We can talk about it more off-line. It's a little more complicated but it's designed to produce higher returns as the market goes down and help us in the stressed and extreme environments, but have much less of an influence around the current level of the market and as markets fluctuate within normal ranges.
Mark Grier: I don't have it parsed in the detail that you might be thinking of. But you've all heard me say before, that the real economics of the Annuity business are not as volatile as the accounting for the Annuity business. And I’ve really got a couple of things in mind there. One is that there are some mismatches between the way some of the components of embedded derivatives, for example, are valued relative to what really happens to policy holders. So there's some things there where I believe we overstate the liabilities and particularly overstate the impact of changes in the financial markets on the liability. And secondly, another point that I've made is that there is, with respect to DAC accounting, a fairly substantial mark-to-market component. And so, it's not necessarily a portrayal of current period earnings as most of us would like to think about, and a simple way to say what I mean by that is that if you apply a PE to the DAC number, you're double capitalizing a huge bunch of stuff because DAC reflects valuation influences as opposed to just current period earning influences. So again I don't have it parsed to the detail that you might be asking for. But there are substantial components of this that are either not consistent with the real underlying economics or represent something that's more like a mark-to-market as opposed to a current period earnings influence. So that would be my comment on the general picture there.
Richard Carbone: I don't think I can add much to that, Suneet. It's our practice. And we'd rather have financial flexibility at the mother ship, so that it can use it to fund capital needs of all of the subs rather than have to have it buried in one of the subsidiaries.
Richard Carbone: All of the subs are well capitalized. And, Suneet, you said self-funding, that may be a bit of an overstatement because we’re funding DAC and we’re funding XXX with operating debt that's coming down from the holding company.
Richard Carbone: Suneet, it’s Rich again. I also don't want to lose sight of the fact that in our types of businesses, first-year sales don't deliver the average ROE. So first-year sales because not all expenses are DAC-able. In Annuities and in Retirement, et cetera, we are going to have a dearth in ROE in the first year of the sale, and the true ROE will not emerge ’til the first full year of that sale is on the books. That's weighing us down this year as well.
Richard Carbone: I didn't give you a debt capacity. What I feed off was that right now, with the change coming from Moody's, the debt capacity is going to be deal-specific. So depending upon the acquisition, we'll lever the deal appropriate to the creditworthiness of the deal and the deal’s ability to finance the leverage.
Richard Carbone: John, to use your terminology, it means really comfortably above. But remember there are some market-sensitive components in that. The mark-to-market on derivatives, for example. But when Rich said, “Comfortably above” the answer is, “Yes, really comfortably above.”
Richard Carbone: Ed, it's Rich. We really don't track these things at that granular level. It hasn't had a material impact on RBC in either direction. So that's about all I can say.
Richard Carbone: It will be deal-specific, Jimmy, but I'm going to address your question around the equity issuance specifically. At the upper end of your range, the $5 billion end, that would likely require some equity issuance. At the lower end of your range, the $3 billion, it would be very deal-specific and might not require an equity issuance.
