Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'm going to provide an update on some key items under the heading of Financial Strength and Flexibility, starting on Slide 25. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. For Prudential Insurance, we manage to a 400% RBC ratio. While statutory results for 2014 are not yet final, we estimate that RBC for Prudential Insurance as of year end 2014 will be above 400%, consistent with the estimate that we provided in December. This year-end RBC position reflects a $2 billion dividend from Prudential Insurance to the parent company in December, which we applied toward the redemption of our IHC debt and the Class B Stock. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 858% and 931%, as of their most recent reporting date, September 30, 2014. These are comfortably above our 600% to 700% targets. And we expect that our Japanese companies will continue to report strong solvency margins relative to their targets as of their end of current fiscal years, which ends in March 31, 2015. Looking at our overall capital position on Slide 26. We calculate our on-balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target, and then add capital capacity held at the parent company and other subsidiaries. A year ago, our on-balance sheet capital capacity was roughly $3.5 billion, of which $1.5 billion was considered readily deployable. During the year, we declared 4 common stock dividends amounting to about $1 billion in total, including a dividend of $0.58 per share in the fourth quarter that represented a 9% increase and repurchased $1 billion of common stock, totaling about $2 billion of returns of capital. These capital uses were offset by capital generated within our businesses, primarily from operating earnings. In addition, our restructuring of the Closed Block business had the effect of reducing our total capital capacity, while increasing the amount we consider readily deployable by releasing trapped capital. As the available on-balance sheet capital capacity and readily deployable capital balances have now converged, providing 2 distinct capital figures has become less meaningful. Therefore, we will be providing a single capital capacity figure going forward. At year end 2014, we estimate our available on balance sheet capital capacity at $2 billion, with the vast majority of that amount considered readily deployable based on how we have defined that figure in the past. As described by Mark, our stated capital capacity is net of capital we anticipate using to pay down debt, calibrated to arrive at our long-term targeted financial leverage ratio of 25%. Absent such an assumption, our total capital capacity would be approximately $4 billion. Our on-balance sheet capital capacity is lower than the estimate for the year end 2014 that we provided in our 2015 guidance call in December. The variance is mainly due to the decline in interest rates that occurred in the fourth quarter, which had 2 primary impacts. First, we manage a portion of our variable annuity interest rate risk through a broader capital protection framework, which includes an underhedge position. As interest rates declined, a negative impact on the underhedge triggered a change in the required capital, causing a funding need that we satisfied with holding company resources. Secondly, the decline in interest rates through the quarter caused a higher statutory provision based on year-end asset adequacy testing. We evaluate our on-balance sheet capital amounts to set points in time. And therefore, it is not explicitly reduced by further capital commitments like our Chilean acquisition or increased for expected capital generation. However, based on what we know today, we expect to be able to fund our known or anticipated capital commitments with the capital we would expect to generate in our ongoing businesses. This includes generating deployable capital equal to about 60% of our operating earnings over time as well as other positive capital items, including settlements to PFI's -- settlements to PFI in 2015 on the $2.4 billion fair value of our Japan capital hedge. Turning to the cash position at the parent company. Cash and short-term investments, net of outstanding commercial paper, amounted to about $4.2 billion as of year end. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to deploy, over time, for strategic and capital management purposes. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well we haven't filed our statutory filings yet. And so we're not really able to provide any further insight or detail on that. So it did hit across a number of businesses and products, not specifically generated as a result of any one particular product.
Robert Michael Falzon: No. So if you look at the $2.4 billion that we have in fair value as of year end, the ordinary core settlements on that are about 30% of it during the course of 2015. When we articulate our capital capacity, we do not include in that capacity that fair value amount. What we do include are the settlements as they occur and work their way in. So there is nothing -- absent further changes in the level of the FX rate, which would then affect that fair value amount, there's nothing that would impede the natural order of settlements in the way that I quantified them coming into our capital capacity during the course of 2015. And then, obviously, to the extent that we accelerated any of the settlements, that would provide additional capital capacity out of that $2.4 billion.
Robert Michael Falzon: So the leverage at end of the year, absent any changes, would have been 29.6% or something in that order of magnitude that we'll wind up printing. And that would then reflect both the underhedge and AAT. And bringing that number down to 25% is what reduces us from having a notional capital capacity of $4 billion or a real capital capacity of $4 billion down to a notional amount net of the earmark for debt reduction of $2 billion.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes. But just to be clear, Ryan, the AAT amounts affect the entire enterprise. That's not specific to Annuities, by any means. So yes, you had from Annuities the interest rate underhedge, and then you had the enterprise-wide AAT testing, some component of which we'd obviously anticipated. It's just with the decline in the fourth quarter, it was greater than what we anticipated. Those -- the "funding" of those 2 came from operating debt that we had sitting on our balance sheet. We used the proceeds associated with that operating debt to fund that, and that we reclassified operating debt to capital debt. Important to note there, and I think Mark highlighted upfront, our total leverage has gone down. We've actually reduced the amount of debt that we have outstanding. This was an issue of how we label that debt.
Robert Michael Falzon: So Ryan, a confirmation would be an update. So I can't actually do that. But let me offer a couple of thoughts that perhaps can help. One, if you -- the nature of your question really is expressing concern about what's the impact of the -- of this capital capacity reduction that we've articulated in the fourth quarter, and then looking at the high level of expenses that we have in the fourth quarter. Those are the 2 things, I guess, if you're thinking about how they might impact our -- the guidance that we otherwise gave and with respect to both those, what I would note is on the capital side, our guidance reflected a range of deployment including leverage reduction. So the fact that we're using a portion of our capital to reduce debt is not something that would be any different than we would've factored into a range when we put that together. With regard to expenses, recall the fourth quarter has seasonality both in -- actually both in revenues and expenses. It's international, but it's across the entire enterprise in part due to compensation and benefit true-ups in the fourth quarter. So while I'm not updating guidance, I would say there was nothing structural that changed versus our expectations for the fourth quarter.
Robert Michael Falzon: No. I'm actually -- I'm not prepared to give you that off the top of my head, Ryan. I'd have to give that thought. I think if you looked back at our fourth quarter over the last several years, you would see a pronounced seasonality there on an enterprise basis more accentuated in our international business, obviously.
Robert Michael Falzon: And maybe to follow up on that, Tom, and following up on a question that was asked earlier, when we think about post year end, things that have happened, the -- and the commitments that we have -- capital commitments we have for the upcoming year both in the form of the expected closing of the Chilean AFORE [ph] business in the middle of the year as well as the further decline in interest rates post year end, we have confidence around the capital capacity that we stated as of year end because we look at those outflows of capital, but we're also looking at the inflows we have of capital during the course of 2015. They come from our free cash flow, but they also come from this monetization of the equity -- the yen equity hedge.
Robert Michael Falzon: Okay, so let me sort of take that in pieces. First, with respect to sustained low interest rates, the impact in capital comes primarily as a result of a decline in interest rates. And so the position that we're articulating as to where we are today reflects the level that we're at today. Should rates prevail at this level, that does not give rise to a further need to absorb the capital capacity we have in the way that we described it occurring in the fourth quarter. Should rates decline further, then we would have some of those consequences. With respect to the VA business and the actuarial assumption updates, I guess what I would describe on that, Tom, is that we have updates to our assumptions, particularly with respect to the Annuities business. We believe we've taken appropriate steps relevant to the experience that we've reserved in Annuities and across our other businesses. And so based on what we know today, we feel comfortable with the reserves that we've put up.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes, Tom. So we've always articulated how much needed to be topped up in the VA entity. And just to be clear, that's not PRU global funding. That's a separate entity through which we do -- we enter into our swaps and derivative transactions to the benefit of the entire enterprise. It would be PrucoRe, which is our captive. And then within that entity, yes, we had surplus capacity that in prior quarters absorbed some of the top-up that we need to undertake as a result of some of the below-the-line charges that you've described. In this quarter, we had to take proceeds from operating debt and then advance it to PrucoRe in order to fund the incremental losses. And that would be the case on a go-forward basis. Oh, yes, and actually just -- let me add another point on that, Tom, which I think is -- helps put some of this in perspective because I think it's important for people to understand. Our total reserves now, the hedge target at PrucoRe is approximately $8 billion today. That is the equivalent of the statutory reserves that we hold for that entity. The -- if we were to do this, the calculation of statutory reserves for the living benefit rider at the ceding companies, that number would be less than half the $8 billion. So we have a very conservative level of reserves established for our living benefit rider that results from the way in which we account and hedge for that.
Robert Michael Falzon: No, it's not. So when we look -- when we're describing the equity hedge, that is separate and distinct from the income hedge, Colin. So the income hedges remain in place. This is in addition to those income hedges. Income hedges are in place, as we've described before, in a rolling 3-year basis.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, Colin, I think as you well know, I can't answer the question with respect to what we would do on a prospective basis with regard to stock buybacks. If that's a question about our capacity and our ability to do that, I think we've addressed that capacity issue, and what we said is that we feel very comfortable with the quantification of our notional capital capacity being that $2 billion again net of what we would need to reduce our leverage ratio down to 25%. That capital capacity is available in the way that we've always articulated it. Our current authorization for buybacks runs through June. We've got about $0.5 billion left on that authorization through that period of time. And as I said, our philosophy really hasn't changed. We're managing to our leverage -- our targeted leverage ratios. We've articulated that. We've shown you a number for capital capacity that is net of that amount. We financed the growth including the extra organic growth particularly associated with PRT. We have some acquisition funding, and that's the Chilean business, and we've described that and our comfort with our ability to finance that. And importantly, we have shareholder distributions in the form of both dividends and stock buybacks. And our philosophy with regard to any and all of that has not changed.
Robert Michael Falzon: Sure. So the -- I'm not sure I understand what your question is. I'm looking at the -- I presume you're talking about...
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, I can't speak to whether there's a typo or not because I don't have the 10-K sitting in front of me. What I will tell you is...
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, Colin, maybe what I would suggest is if you have specific questions with respect to the QFS and you want to tick and tie this, that's probably a good use of time after the call as opposed to before the call.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes, if you take the totals of our long-term debt and our short-term debt, that should aggregate to the total of the $23 billion, if you include -- if you exclude from that the commercial paper, which is outside of that number.
Robert Michael Falzon: Oh, it's John, I'm sorry. Got mixed up on my ordering. So John, the guidance was established on the basis of our forecast. Our forecast looks at an average of forward yield curves at the point at which we put it together. That forecast implied a year-end rate of around 2.6%, and that then drove the view of what capital may or may not be available as of -- or be required as of year end. At the point at which we did our earnings call, obviously, rates were around 2, 2-ish or somewhere in that order of magnitude. The volatility in interest rates is extreme, I think, as you well know. We have seen virtually every week movements in interest rates that have been up to 20 and 30 basis points. And so the delta between where we were forecasting to go year end and where we were as of the day we provided guidance was well within a range of kind of typical standard deviations over that period of time. And frankly, when we look at setting together our forecast, we don't alter it to reflect changes in the day-to-day movements of rates or equities. When we gave guidance, equities were above the number that we had anticipated coming into year end, and interest rates were below. We didn't adjust for either with the knowledge that neither of those numbers would be where they were on the day that we provided guidance, just as they were not on the day where we put together the forecast.
Robert Michael Falzon: Again, I wouldn't extrapolate that. There are a number of moving parts to that. Not to mention that when we gave guidance, we did anticipate that a certain amount of our capital would be used, as you said, to get our leverage down to 25% when we gave that guidance. And so the delta between the guidance and our number is the $3 billion to $3.5 billion down to $2 billion, not the $4 billion down to $2 billion.
Robert Michael Falzon: So the -- yes, the provision for taxes and guidance was actually a bit under 27%. I know we rounded it to 27% when we gave the guidance. And when you look at the impact to the tax rate this year, one of the large drivers to that was a reduction in our foreign taxes, largely driven by the fact that Japan lowered its tax rate down to 32%. So we will get some ongoing benefit from that going forward as well.
Mark B. Grier: It's not reflected in the capital ratios or dollar numbers that we've discussed. And as Rob said in answer to an earlier question, this will flow into available capital as the cash is realized. And about 30% of it comes in this year. And we would have options to accelerate if we chose to. So this is, I guess, sort of shadow strength that's not reflected in the headline numbers, but represents, as I said, a substantial offset to other market-related sensitivities.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, Tom, we've each expressed confidence in our financial strength and our capital position and our ability to implement our capital plans. And the value of that yen hedge is a source of comfort in that context.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, Colin, the translation hedge that's applied as we earn yen and then report in dollars in AOI is a different hedge. And as Rob said, that stays in place. The yen capital hedge that we're referring to is a structural short yen position on the balance sheet that includes a monetization mechanism that lets us realize cash at the holding company. So they're actually 2 discrete things, and there would not be a translation hedge impact related to things that we do and as the capital hedge matures, for example.
Colin W. Devine: Okay, that's helpful. Now if we can go back to what happened in the stats up with the debt, and just put that to bed.
Colin W. Devine: I'm looking at Page 10. I'm looking at Page 10 QFS under short-term debt, and that does not reconcile to your balance sheet on Page 6, and it always has in the past. So -- and it does at the end of year end '13. So is there a typo there? Or...
Colin W. Devine: It's not the 10-K, Rob. It's in your stats out. And there's -- it's a question of there's, I don't know, $2 billion of debt which seems to have moved somewhere.
Colin W. Devine: Okay, I'll let you guys come back. But the balance sheet shows 21. That's the issue, and that became the question, is this $2 billion worth of capital that went from December 11 to now, has that just been reclassified somewhere? That's what I was getting at because the balance sheet does not show the $23 billion.
