John Robert Strangfeld: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone, thanks for joining us. And we'd like to acknowledge also, today, we have Charlie Lowrey in a different role as Head of International and we welcome Steve Pelletier in his new role as head of the U.S. Before I hand it over Mark and Rob for more specifics, I'd like to kick things off with some macro comments. We are very pleased with the results for the first quarter and we believe we're off to a good start to achieve our goals for 2014. Our annuities, retirement and asset management businesses have benefited from sustained growth and account values of asset under management. Returns and risk profile in our annuities operation continue to migrate towards our objectives for this business, as the sustained period of favorable equity markets and a gradual shift in the composition of our block have driven improvement. We're very comfortable with the risk profile as it stands today and we're also comfortable with the expected profitability of the products that we are selling. Our Retirement business had its best ever quarter. Outstanding results were driven by improved investment spreads in both Institutional Investment Products and Full Service retirement, even excluding a higher than expected contribution from non-component investments. Higher fees also contributed to earnings growth this quarter. And although we recorded no pension risk transfer transactions this quarter, we continue to believe that PRT is an attractive opportunity that will develop further over time. Asset Management achieved its growth in earnings entirely on the strength of growth in asset management fees, reflecting growth in assets under management. Other related revenue was down slightly from a year ago and contributed less than 20% of adjusted operating income for the quarter. So as assets management earnings have increased, we believe it's quality of earnings have improved as well. In our domestic insurance operations, we see underlying improvement, even though adjusted operating income is lower than a year ago. After 6 consecutive quarters of mortality more favorable than expected, individual insurance had less favorable experience this quarter. Our integration of Hartford continues to progress well and our distribution capabilities are broader and deeper than before as a result. We believe our product portfolio, now fully integrated, is well diversified and poised to achieve appropriate returns. Lower earnings in Group Insurance reflected a less favorable result to disability, attributable to an adverse fluctuation in claims. Disability remains a work in progress and while the business has improved, its improvement will not be linear. Getting this business right will take more time, but we are confident we will get there. Finally, International Insurance, excluding the few significant items Mark will review with you, recorded modestly higher earnings with hindrance from currency translation. The Life Planner earnings continue to benefit from business growth but the benefit in that growth was partially offset by less favorable mortality and foreign currency translation. The business itself is still humming along, producing very attractive returns. Gibraltar's results reflected lower expenses, as well as modest business growth. Gibraltar has now completed the integration of Star and Edison and the expense savings we plan for are now in the till. Within Gibraltar's captive agency system, we've raised performance standards and the sales productivity of our life consultants is now in line with that of Gibraltar's agents prior to the acquisition of Star and Edison. Over time, the number of life consultants will stabilize and then grow and that will give the business a boost. So overall, we feel very good about our quarter and where we're going. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark. Mark, over to you.
John Robert Strangfeld: Well, I guess the way I look at it, Chris, is it's less about an average and more about something we think we can achieve through the cycle absent a tail event. So maybe just to put in a little more context, we've talked about this '13 and '14 aspiration since 2010. Obviously, it's no longer a goal, it's reality. And in fact, our run rate in '13, and again in Q1 of '14, is better than that. And we think this is something -- we don't think of it as an average, we'd rather think it was something we think we can achieve through the cycle absent, as I say, tail-type events. And by maintaining that through the cycle represents superior performance relative to peers and relative, I think, to most balance-sheet-oriented financial institution. So we're sticking with the '13, '14. We think its superior, it's not a once-and-done phenomena, it's a focus on sustainability over time. And that's how we're thinking about it.
John Robert Strangfeld: Well, I'll just offer 1 or 2 macro comments on this. This is very classic Pru of carefully thought through, orderly change, planned over a long period of time. So you've seen nothing in this transition that's reflective of anything other than the intense focus that we always apply to talent management and to success in planning. And we're feeling very, very good about these transitions. Clearly, any new leader in a role takes a fresh look at things and that's the way to think about it. But we're feeling very good about where we are and where we're headed in the I think quality, continuity and stability in the leadership team.
John Robert Strangfeld: Well, we don't disclose the forward rates beyond the current year. We will talk about next year's translation rate at some point before the end of this year. But just a reminder of that, the hedging program is rigorous and structured. It's not discretionary, we don't try to anticipate moves in exchange rates, we put in place a rolling hedge over 3 years. What that basically means is that at any point in time, the next 12 months are fully hedged, the 12 months after that are about 2/3 of the way hedged and the 12 months after that are about 1/3 of the way hedged. The hedging transactions are executed in forward markets. So you ought to pay attention to the difference between spot and forward if you really want to try to hone in on this number. But basically, if rates stabilize where they are after 3 years, it will have fully worked its way through our translation and we'll be translating at a yen rate that's where the current market is. So a long way of saying it depends on how the market moves, but we do smooth it out as a result of our hedging translations.
John Robert Strangfeld: Keep in mind that the in-force is large. And so the impact of any particular product activities in any particular year isn't going to move the needle very much. Those yen-denominated single premium products, which had fairly thin margins anyway, didn't swing earnings very much in favor of yen. And any particular year's activities will have a modest impact on mix.
John Robert Strangfeld: First of all, just to address one fact point in your question. We did launch an investment-only product at the end of April. But now let me place that in context. Our strategy in the annuities business is based on helping clients achieve secure retirement income. And doing so through a range of products that diversifies and mitigates our risk, we feel very confident about the profitability and risk profile of all the products that currently populate that strategy. HDI, as we've redesigned it, as Mark spoke about; PDI, which you mentioned; and now going forward, the investment-only product as well. So we think the range of these products is important to fulfilling that strategy of helping achieve secure retirement income.
Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'll provide an update on some key items under the heading of financial strength and flexibility with just a few slides. Starting on Slide 24. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. As of year end, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 456%, with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $13.9 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio as of the end of the first quarter has not changed materially since year end and is above our 400% target, which we believe gives us a cushion against our AA objective. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 772% and 937%, respectively, as of their most recent reporting date, which is December 31, 2013. These are comfortably above their 600% to 700% targets. Our Japanese insurance companies will soon report solvency margins as of their March 31 fiscal year end. And while the calculations are not yet final, we expect them to continue to be in a strong position relative to their targets. Looking now at the overall capital position for the Financial Services businesses on Slide 25. We calculate our on-balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target and then add capital capacity held at the parent company and at other subsidiaries. As of year end, we estimated that our on balance sheet capital capacity was about $3.5 billion, including about $1.5 billion that we consider readily deployable. Taking into account our results for the quarter, our quarterly common stock dividend of $0.53 a share or about $250 million and share repurchases also of about $250 million, we estimate our on balance sheet capital capacity was over $4 billion at the end of the first quarter. A portion of that we consider to be readily deployable has not changed materially since year end. Turning to the cash position of the parent company. Cash and short-term investments net of outstanding commercial paper amounted to $3.2 billion as of the end of the first quarter. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing debt, to fund operating needs and to redeploy over time. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Suneet, I'd make a couple of observations. One, yes, we are going to make similar investments and are making similar investments in both talent and systems. I would observe that we're starting with a very strong foundation in each deliver off of. And so that's extraordinarily helpful. Second, as Mark mentioned, from a stress testing specifically standpoint, we have done stress testing over a long period of time. We've done that both within a statutory framework and we've done that in the context of our capital protection framework as well. For us, it's a matter of migrating that over to a framework that is more Fed-centric than that which we've used. And we expect that, that will occur over an extended period of time. We are confident that we both can execute on this and that we have an ability to meet any reasonable standards that may be put up with respect to both the process of testing and the results of that testing.
Robert Michael Falzon: I think that is absolutely one component of it. If you look at how we historically have been regulated, obviously, the statutory framework is critical to us. Although we have translated that historically into GAAP. But yes, the Fed is a GAAP regulator not a stat regulator and that would be one component of the migration.
Robert Michael Falzon: I think I'll add one more comment, Suneet, which is when I described that migration, I would say that migration is coming from both sides. The existing stress testing framework that the Fed has used is very bank-centric. So it's not only GAAP, it's bank-centric. And so there's an acknowledgment that we need to move off something that's historically been entity level and statutory. And the Fed will need to look -- migrate its own stress testing away from those things that are appropriate to banks to those that are more appropriate to the insurance industry.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, it is. And I think I'd make an even broader statement about the insight that regulators are gaining into the whole solvency model and capital world of insurance. The issue around nonguaranteed separate accounts is specific and relates to the line of sight to the capital of the company, and I think that point, as well as others, are being discussed constructively and often.
Mark B. Grier: Well, there's certainly a qualitative significance in the broad-based support for clarifying the original Collins Amendment as it relates to capital standards for non-bank SIFIs. And I think there's a compelling message in the fact that a number of legislators on both sides of the aisle and in both houses of Congress have stepped up to endorse or co-sponsor these bills. I'm not going to comment on the prospects for passing the bills because that's deeper water that I'm willing to swim in. I'm not quite sure how all that stuff is going to work. But I think there's a very clear message in the formulation and the positioning of these bills in both parties and in both houses.
Mark B. Grier: I do believe that this will ultimately get to a place that we'll be comfortable with. The Collins Amendment, as originally drafted or passed and as interpreted by some, is actually an obstacle to implementing Dodd-Frank and achieving the objectives of the bill relative to stability and financial strength. And I think that's clear, and I think we will, ultimately, find a solution either through this kind of legislation or through a more direct administrative solution.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, this is Mark, I'll start off and then I'll ask Rob to comment as well. I guess the beginning, starting point is that we're going through a lot of the same thing. The supervisory environment is evolving with the Federal Reserve and we're working on the same kinds of questions about reporting and interfaces and the capabilities that we need to be effectively supervised by the feds. So it's work in process for us. Let me comment briefly on stress test. We've shared with you our capital protection plan. And we go around the track on stress testing frequently here, that there will be challenges to align exactly what we do, what exactly what's expected. But we feel like that's an area in which we've refined our capabilities going back really to the beginning of the financial crisis in ways that are pretty constructive and helpful. The point of that isn't that we won't have to do some things differently but that we're coming into this with a lot of work already done around the things that we understand and also around the quality and credibility of the work we do in stress testing. The things that we understand as they affect our capital insolvency issues. Let me ask Rob to comment briefly and maybe a little more specifically on the capability issue and what's going on there.
Mark B. Grier: Yes. Just one comment on that. The standard language of the regulation of -- internationally, the regulation of large financial institutions, is in a consolidated framework. And the only place for us that consolidated numbers live is in the GAAP world. We don't have a consolidated statutory view. But I would emphasize that we also have to pay a lot of attention to what our specific individual legal entities look like and the bottoms-up issues related to capital and liquidity and stress. So we're going to have to bring together both dimensions. But as Rob said, the consolidated GAAP world is generally the starting point for looking at large financial institutions in any regulatory setting, as it's been historically and as standards have emerged now.
Steve Pelletier: Nigel, this is Steve Pelletier. The results in group insurance this quarter are driven purely in the disability business and purely through claim severity in the disability business. When we look at what we've done over the past couple of years and are continuing to do in the business in terms of repricing, in terms of lapsation of unprofitable business, in terms of claims incidents, and in terms of effectiveness of managing claims, we don't see any reason to lack confidence in the path of recovery that the business is on. Having said that, as Charlie has emphasized in the past, that path is not going to be a linear one. It can have ups and downs as we saw this quarter in relation to claim severity. But we think that the price increases we've engineered in the past couple of years and that we continue to increase are at the appropriate level.
Steve Pelletier: Jimmy, Steve again. I will take your questions in kind of reverse order, the points you mentioned. First of all, Full Service. No, we don't see any change in our view of competitive dynamics in the marketplace or in our business strategy in relation to those dynamics. We're obviously pleased by the first quarter sales and flows. However, I'd emphasize that, that contained one very large case, a $2.6 billion case, a public entity on the West Coast. We said before that we're selective in relation to these large cases. Selective does not mean we can't compete, though, when we like the characteristics of the case as we did in this instance. But I don't think that's anything that we can count on going forward. As Mark said, they are inherently lumpy. In IOSD, you are seeing a slowing of sales, and that's fully expected on our part. Our sales performance the last few years in the business reflected our stepping into a void in the marketplace. And now the competitive circumstances are changing. Having grown the book the way we did, we are now facing concentration limits at some counterparties as we would expect to. Also, as you mentioned, new competition, that is coming, Jimmy, both from banks and insurance companies. So I'd emphasize that there's a range of new competitors in that market. As of right now, we have not seen the entrance of that new competition and new capacity depress margins in the market. But obviously, we've got our eyes closely on that. We're not -- it would stand to reason that increased competition could do that, as we've done so to date, but we got our eyes on it.
Steve Pelletier: We feel solid about the block of business in terms of its profitability, in terms of its risk profile. The pulling of the product, of the Hartford product from the shelf, is simply reflective of our integrated product design strategy and it just reflects further integration progress following the acquisition.
Steve Pelletier: We continue to repress the business as it comes up for repricing, Tom. So that's not a course of activity that ends. We are about 60% of the way through repricing the block of business that was on the books a few years year ago. We expect to make significant further progress regarding the remainder at the beginning of next year. Most of this business reprices at January 1 of the year and then the remainder would occur during the course of 2015. So this is not a process we're done with but it's a process that has been progressing as expected.
Steve Pelletier: Spreads are a contribution to it, but also, I mean, I think you're seeing when you take a look at, for example, the Full Service part of the business, you look at our ability to generate greater contributions through a lot of the work we've done in that part of the business. Greater implementation of auto enrollment activities, auto escalation features in plans. So that has helped as well. In the meantime, withdrawals stay at a relatively consistent percentage of unplanned balances. So that has also been a contributor.
Steve Pelletier: I'd say a very significant portion of this today. This is Steve. When you look at the scale of economies in the business, those remain in place, the business has effectively managed expenses from a general administrative standpoint. But the lowering of the K factor has been significantly driven by outsized equity market performance of certainly the past year, but over the past few years. As you all know, our projections for equity market group are more modest. And so then it would only stand to reason that if markets performed in line with those expectations, any further expansion of the ROA would be at a much more modest rate.
Steve Pelletier: We won't be able to address that today, Suneet. I haven't even looked at that. We report annuity results on a GAAP basis and we've got multiple legal entities here. It would be difficult to do in a way that would be very meaningful.
Steve Pelletier: Thanks, John. Erik, we still feel very positive about the prospects for development of the pension risk transfer markets. Funding levels are up, so are TBGC premiums. And revise mortality tables continue to sharpen every one's attention on longevity risk. So we continue to feel that, that bodes well for both the ability and propensity of planned sponsors to transact. These things take time to work their way through the system, both within plan sponsors and then on discussion with potential counterparties, like ourselves. But we still feel the basis for development is there. Charlie, last quarter talked about segmentation of the market from a size standpoint. I would add to that segmentation in the market from both a funded basis in which we're actually taking on the assets and on the part of the market where we're talking about pure longevity reinsurance. Look that in either way, both by size or by type of business, we are in a number of active discussions. We continue to feel that we will participate in the various segments of that market, in particular in the large segment that really plays to our strengths and our ability to develop customized solutions. But these transactions, as well as large full-service cases, these transactions are inherently lumpy and we'll see how they emerge. But the prospects for development of the market are still solid.
Steve Pelletier: I think, Eric, just to echo earlier comments, there can be further progress from the operating leverage that's kind of inherent in the business but that progress is going to be much more moderate if markets perform more in line with our more moderate expectations.
