Ken Tanji: Yes, hi, Eric, it's Ken. I'll take your questions. On the COVID estimates. First, I want like to recognize that these are placeholders. These are based on an estimate of 100,000 deaths in the U.S. and 40,000 deaths in Japan. Now we'll have to see how things play out. And there's likely a range of outcomes around that for the U.S. and Japan. So I just want to recognize that we've done our best to give a placeholder, but it's predicated on a number of assumptions. What we do then is we then make considerations for lower fatality rates for the insured populations versus a general population. We certainly have taken certainly have taken in consideration higher fatality rates for the older population and then we took into consideration the geography of our insured population with –tend to have a little bit higher concentration in New Jersey and New York, California and Washington. So when we put that all together, we've applied those to our average profile and provided those estimates. And again, we'll likely have a good range around some of those assumptions. In terms of our retirement business, it does provide an offset to some of our life insurance as we've expected and designed. It offsets about 30% of our exposure, and that's just kind of how the modeling plays out. And then your second question was around the expenses. We've – we looked at the steps that we need to take in order to care for our employees for crisis care as well as compensation for sales professionals, particularly in international locations, if our sales were to decline. And we've estimated that is the appropriate thing to do given the situation. We will – we haven't included in that estimate, potential offsets for the fact that travel and conferences and entertainment will be lower. We would expect if things return at some point to normal that some of that might come back you know sort of rebound. But I would estimate that we are going to have savings here in the next quarter or so that you can think of that in the tens of millions, but that's not included in the estimate.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. Hi, this is Ken, Suneet. Just an ordinary course, we review our reserves with our regulators. And they have not indicated any concern about our level of reserves related to long-term care, and there's no special review underway.
Ken Tanji: Yes. I'll take that. The products that we are shifting towards do have less interest rate sensitivity, things like variable life things like we’re looking to release a structured variable annuity. And so, they will be less capital-intensive and less interest rate sensitive. I don't think there's anything more to the dynamic than that.
Ken Tanji: Yes. So all things being equal, we would have less -- if we're selling -- when we sell business, we capitalize it well. And if we're selling less that means it's requiring less capital to support it. And so, we would expect all other things being equal that would be the case. I think it's too hard to quantify that right now 
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. Hey, Tom, it's -- I'll take those. On the $2 billion of debt included the $1.5 billion that we issued at the holdco. You can think of that as we would ordinarily have issued, say, $500 million earlier in the year and $500 million towards the end of the year. But we decided to do $1.5 billion in March. We were worried about how the conditions were developing and thought it would be prudent to do $1.5 billion, which essentially will take care of any maturities in 2020 and 2021. So it's about $1 billion more than we would ordinarily have done perhaps, but we thought it was an appropriate thing to do. In terms of why we call it operating debt, right now, those proceeds sit at the holding company in cash. And we follow sort of the way that our rating agencies think about classifications of debt. So -- and the planned proceeds, again, we have it available at the holding company. And it would -- it's used -- it's available for paying off the debt again for this year and next year. In terms of the non-AOI item for the quarter, our variable annuity business is very well hedged. And we like to align our outcomes for GAAP us in stat economics. And as Charlie mentioned in his comments, it was highly effective at 99%. The way we hedge interest risk, again, which was highly effective in the quarter, is with both derivatives that mark-to-market and recorded in the P&L, but also by holding a 30-year U.S. treasuries, which had a $1.7 billion gain and would have offset the non-AOI item in the quarter. But the gain on the U.S. treasuries is recorded to OCI and not to the income statement. So economically, and from a stat standpoint, we were very well aligned just with a little bit of difference between where our gain is recorded for GAAP.
Charlie Lowrey: Again, the way asset adequacy testing works is we don't set a long-term rate. Those are prescribed by GAAP. And we're going through our -- and so it's a little bit of a different framework. And we'll also -- so we're working through that.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. The -- I think the primary thing we're looking at is the economic cycle. And we're seeing substantial impact given the situation that we're in. We like the quality of our investment portfolio, and we think it's manageable, but we want to see how this credit cycle emerges. So, I don't know if I can put a timeframe on that. I think time will tell.
Charlie Lowrey: Yeah. I don't think we want to try to forecast that far, which -- given the situation. Eventually, I think we will operate differently given the changes in environment and the way we're going to have to conduct business, but that's a bit out there. So I don’t think we want to start to look through that far at the moment.
Charlie Lowrey: Great. Thank you very much. We'd just like to say in closing that we'd like to take a moment to thank all our employees for the extraordinary steps they've taken to support our businesses, our customers and our communities. Together, we remain financially strong. We remain resilient, and we remain committed to fulfilling our purpose of solving financial challenges of our changing world, including doing our part to contribute to an inclusive global recovery. Thank you all for joining the call. Please stay safe, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Humphrey, good morning it's Andy. And thanks for your question, and I'll give kind of a little bit of a break here. So, on Assurance IQ, I would characterize the results for quarter one as modestly worse than what we expected. We have started to lean in from an investment perspective to building out the platform more broadly. And to bringing new product solutions onto the platform as we think the first-mover advantage is very, very important. As we talked about last quarter as well, we learned some lessons from a Medicare Advantage perspective and we are investing ahead of Q4 to make sure that we have the right number of agents and that they are fully and properly trained and we're ready to ready to go in the fourth quarter. So, I think you could think about performance similar in the next couple of quarters. And obviously, the large opportunity is in Medicare Advantage in Q4.
Andy Sullivan: Yeah. So -- this is Andy. So, obviously, two predominant areas there are, really are individual life business and our group life business, and then obviously offsets in the longevity business that we have in retirement. So actually, an individual life and in group insurance, average age across the whole book is relatively similar in the -- about 55. And in group insurance, in particular, though, 95% of that business is under the age of 65. As far as of the longevity risk transfer business and the pension risk transfer business our average age is in 74 to 75 range.
Andy Sullivan: Yeah. Elyse, this is Andy. So I'll take that question, and there are a number of impacts. So maybe I'll start more on the claim side of things. And we do expect, and it was in the estimates that Ken walked through. That we will see increased mortality in the book of business. Obviously, in the group business, as I just referenced, that's somewhat mitigated by the average age. But we do think that, that will go up. We also believe and have seen evidence that we'll see an uptick in short-term disability incidents. So that will serve to compress margins throughout this year. We see a couple of other impacts I just mentioned from a sales and flows perspective. Most of our book of business is medium and large size employers. So actually, most of our sales for 2020 are already baked in that business. And any slowdown we're seeing is more of a 2021 impact. I guess, the last thing I’d mention is a lot of the impacts that group insurance will feel, we actually are mitigated against from the perspective that we're not in the under 100 live segment business. So we don't have exposure to the small segment employers. And, obviously, here, early days, that's where a number of the impacts have been.
Andy Sullivan: And this is Andy. Maybe I'll just add some color commentary. So, in the individual life business, as Ken referenced, we've been shifting towards variable life. We're very pleased in Q1 that our sales were $187 million which was up 15% -- Q1 of last year and 50% of those sales were variable life. We've also in April launched a product that is much less sensitive to interest rates and equity markets tuned to the RIA channel. And our buffered annuity, we're very excited about that launch. That has become a robust market. And 60% of the volumes in that marketplace are going through independent broker-dealers, and we have very, very strong relationships there. So, we think to be very promising for us.
Andy Sullivan: Yes Suneet, its Andy. And maybe I'll take that question up a level first. As we talked about last quarter, we are leaned into performing the overall -- to improving the overall performance of that book of business in that business. We’ve three levers. First, we are very much leaned into improving the expense profile of the business. A lot of our future of work, energy and effort is aimed in that regard. And we actually saw a reduction year-over-year in our expenses on business. So, we like the progress we're seeing there. The second lever is leaning into and growing the business with profitable business that we're putting on the books. And as I mentioned, our sales are up year-over-year. And we are comfortable with the pricing and the profitability of the business that we’re selling. As far as the third lever and it’s the lever that you referenced, it really is looking at the ability to reinsure the block of business. We continue to explore solutions. Obviously, we’re looking very carefully about what is the right economic favorability for us and if and when we take action on that, we will report out on it, but nothing to report as we sit here today.
