Charles F. Lowrey: Sure, Ryan. It's Charlie. You're right in your observation that it is a new record count for POJ. And it really has to do with a couple of things actually. One is our concentration on sales managers and creating more sales managers. And obviously when you do that, they then go out and recruit more Life Planners. And sales managers were up about 8% year over year. But there's another initiative that we started last year, which I think is pretty interesting and pretty exciting, and that is that we put a team together to try and attract more women to become Life Planners. And last year, we actually hired 82 women LPs in 2016, which represented about 13% of all recruits. Now, those are really the two main reasons why I think Life Planners have increased and there has been, I think, a higher level of increase than we've seen in the past. So I think in general, the long-term average for POJ has been about 2% to 4%, and we've been a little hotter than that in the past few quarters. But I think as you think about it going forward, probably 2% to 4% is the right number.
Charles F. Lowrey: So, POJ sales were up, as was stated earlier, about 41%. And part of that is the fire sale or the accelerated sale in front of the standard discount rate change. But I think part of it also has to do with product mix and it also has to do with the first quarter. So let me go through that. The first quarter is obviously POJ's highest quarter, and that's because of some of the annualized premiums that come in and it's also the end of the qualification period for Life Planners. So POJ always has a strong first quarter. But I think the other reason is you're seeing a shift to U.S. dollar product. So what was so interesting I think about this quarter is, while there was increased activity from the Life Planners as they went out and talked to their clients about potentially purchasing insurance product ahead of the standard rate change in the premium increases, they did that for yen product, but they actually sold proportionally more dollar product. So dollar sales were up 50%, whereas Japanese yen product sales were only up 38%. So, in total, dollar sales were 31% as opposed to 29% a year ago. So I think there was some increase obviously that can be attributed to the fire sale, but the first quarter's always a good quarter for POJ. So I don't have an exact percentage, but if you look back a couple of years, you'll see there is always a slight peak in the first quarter and then it goes down in the second quarter. I think that would be accelerated this time around because you've probably taken some of the second quarter sales that would have occurred in the second quarter and accelerated them to the first quarter.
Charles F. Lowrey: Sure. The weak sales in Gibraltar are really entirely attributed to the bank channel. So let me start with that and then I'll come back to the other question. But the full story to explain the bank channel trend really consists of a few contributing factors. First and foremost, as John mentioned, we've always viewed the bank channel as a complementary distribution channel where we're committed to growing profitably. So sales will vary. And we saw that some a few years ago as well. But, as such, following the negative interest rate play or policy in early 2016, we took very swift action to suspend sales of all yen-based single-pay products. And the absence of those single-pay sales this quarter represented roughly a third of the year-over-year decline. So it was a tough comparison year-over-year. Secondly, we're seeing our competitors begin to offer more easily sold recurring-pay products, primarily yen denominated, which has had an impact on the sales in the first quarter. And this is because we primarily sell one yen-based denominated recurring premium product in the bank channel, which is a whole life product that's sold for estate planning purposes and, consequently, requires more time and explanation to be sold. We can do that because of the (35:33) LPs we have there, and so it's a more sophisticated type of sale. And while we understand that our competitors' recurring pay products, the yen products were popular ahead of repricing, we continue to main our discipline around product, profitability and pricing. As an example, we suspended further sales of any three- or five-pay recurring premium whole life product after April 1 because much of that becomes an advance pay. That becomes a single premium product with the advance pay option. And then thirdly, there has been some decline in sales as a result of certain banks enforcing tighter control over the sales process in connection with essentially, a fiduciary duty standard. And this really exerts itself in the form of banks not enforcing month-end sales targets. And so I think you've seen all bank sales across the industry decline slightly. So as a result of this, our bank sales declined by about 32%, but the mix of sales we did also continues to migrate to non-yen sales. So just as I said in the previous question with POJ, U.S. dollar product sales increased this quarter to 83% from 68% a year ago and total non-yen sales which includes Aussie dollar and U.S. dollar increased 90% from 75% a year ago. And this is consistent with what I'd call our kind of simple philosophy, and that is we'd rather sell less more-profitable product than more less-profitable product. And as a result, we feel pretty good about the results in the bank channel this quarter.
Charles F. Lowrey: Yeah. Overall Life Planner count went up. Outside of Japan it went down slightly, but what we've done is we have raised recruiting standards and validation requirements in a number of countries in order to make sure that we're hiring the right people. And so that was particularly in Korea and Taiwan where we did that, and the result was that fewer Life Planners were able to stay on, essentially. And we've hired a few less as the recruiting standards have increased. So that's a case of really protecting the quality of the franchise if you will, and you'll see us do that in all the countries as we continue to raise the bar as we go through. But Brazil still has very good Life Planner count growth and that counteracted some of the decrease in the other countries.
Charles F. Lowrey: Sure. Humphrey, let me take that sort of generally. As you said, the new Japan statutory mortality table has been released as an exposure draft. It's expected to go into effect for new business issued after April 1, 2018. At least that's what they're saying at this point. And as expected, life mortality rates are lower than the prior 2007 table. And while this will put some downward pressure on profitability protection products, there are mitigating options such as revisions to expense loading and other things and also lower statutory mortality rates result in lower cash values and statutory reserves, reducing the statutory strain associated with new business. So with the mortality tables, there are going to be ups and downs and we'll just have to wait and see how it plays out. But the good news is we still have some time. So we'll wait and see but we think we'll be able to deal with it.
Charles F. Lowrey: Yeah. So let me make a couple of comments in general and then I'll come back to kind of competition. So looking at our Japan business, much of what we sell, in fact two-thirds of what we sell is protection. And so we are in a segment of the market right off the top that many other people either aren't in or kind of shy away from. And that's because of the strength of our distribution model. So two-thirds of our business or three-quarters of our business comes from what I'd call our tied agency system, and only about a third comes from third-party distribution. So we're able to sell protection products because of the sophistication of our Life Planners and Life Plan consultants. The second point I'd make is that most of our product, over 90% of our product is recurring premium product, and the rest is almost all fixed annuities or annuities that re-price every two weeks. So again, we sell a more sophisticated product. And then on top of that, we're able to sell U.S. dollar product. And that's really I think one of the competitive advantages that you see that we've had and we continue to have as we shift our business mix to U.S. dollar product, which is by – I will say by definition. It's not by definition, but is more profitable than yen product. So yen product we're selling, it's within our target range. Quite frankly, before the re-pricing, it was probably at the lower end of our target range. But the dollar product is at the high end of our target range. And we look at the business mix of all that together and it's – that is what produces the momentum and the profitability of our franchise. Now in terms of competition, we haven't seen much competition in our captive channels for U.S. dollar product, nor in the IA channel. That's partly because of the nature of what we sell, which I said was death protection, and it's partly due to the way in which we sell it, through needs-based selling through the sophistication of our Life Planners and Life Plan consultants. We have seen some increased competition in the bank channel but, frankly, not as much as we might've expected. So there is some there, but we have seen – we haven't seen as much as we might've thought we would. So again, I think we're in a fairly reasonable place in terms of the momentum we have and the way in which we're conducting our business.
Charles F. Lowrey: No. Again, if you think, two thirds of what we sell is protection product. That's the basis of our franchise. And so there is some investment component in some of the product, but most of it, you think about the amount of mortality and expense margin that we have from our protection products. We rely much more on that than we do on spread margin.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, it's Steve. I'll address your question by mentioning a couple of points. First of all, in terms of average fee levels, we've been able to maintain those. Even we've seen equity market – equity outflows, but we've seen substantial inflows in fixed income, in real estate, in our origination businesses, our private debt and mortgage origination businesses, all of which are relatively – especially certain parts of fixed income where we've been able to attract close – are relatively higher fee levels. In fact, in real estate, we were able to raise the fees as we mentioned last year on our existing asset base and that's been attractive. Second, kind of taking the next part of the equation in computing margin, a lot of our flows has been into our fixed income business and that is a business where the scale economies of our platform are exceptionally attractive. So all of that really relates to being able to sustain our fee levels, even in the face of pricing pressures across the industry. We're not immune to those pressures, but we've been able to attract flows into categories that have solid fee levels and the margins inherent in our scale economies. In regard to the expenses, we do continue to see expense growth in the business, but that's by design. We're investing in this business significantly. We've been investing both in terms of expanding our investment capabilities and in terms of our distribution platforms. And as you'd expect, those investments are starting to pay off. It kind of stands to reason that the distribution investments start to pay off first and a lot of our flows that we've seen, particularly in fixed income, have come from international markets, in particular Japan, and that's directly attributable to the investments we've made in our global institutional distribution platform.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Thank you, John. John, I'd address the Group perspective as follows: we're certainly aware of and alert to opportunities that may appear from time to time in the space. We are certainly a – have stronger capabilities to be in acquirer than we did say a few years ago due to the investments we've made in our business platform and the way we've strengthened the business platform and we have an interest to grow. We see the Group business as an attractive one, both in its own right and as a highly effective client acquisition model for relationships that we can deepen and individualize across our businesses. At the same time, I'd pick up on some of the themes that John just mentioned. We have good momentum in organic growth in the business and we're mindful of continuing that and that's really what our priority is. And I'd also say that some of the things that have taken place in the group market recently have done so at fairly full valuation shall we say and so while we're alert to opportunities that appear, we're going to be disciplined and measured in the way we approach our own valuation of those opportunities.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Suneet, this is Steve. I'll address your question as follows. I think that in terms of the change of mix, you're looking at a couple of different things. First of all, yes, the reinsurance arrangement with Union Hamilton did expire. They informed us and other counterparties that they've reached capacity for this line of business. And I think that another contributing factor is the decline in PDI sales that Mark referenced in his opening comments. PDI is sensitive to pricing changes. As we've discussed before, we have a unique capability across the industry to reprice monthly from new sales in several of our product lines, including PDI. Twice last year, in the face of a very low interest rate environment, we took down the PDI benefit and we saw impact of sales in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. So that was a driver of what you're pointing to. I will mention, though, that we did take the benefit back up in February. Market conditions and higher interest rates permitted us to do that while still writing business at target returns. So we have seen a pick-up in PDI sales momentum over the last month of the quarter.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Yeah. First off, in terms of the competitive environment, there are several competitors in the space. Some of them are sharpening their appetite. So we see capacity, at a minimum, holding steady, if not increasing. So that's been the case for some time now and that trend continues. In regard to the pipeline, we see a very robust pipeline. The rate environment is at a sweet spot right now in that regard. There's been a pick-up in rates from last year and that's improved plan funding levels, and so that certainly strengthens the ability of plan sponsors to transact. At the same time, though, most plan sponsors don't seem to anticipate near-term rapid further increases in rates, so their propensity to transact still remains strong. And, of course, there are other contributing factors to that propensity to transact, like rising PBGC premiums and heightened awareness of longevity risk. So the business will remain episodic, but we see the pipeline as being very solid.
Stephen P. Pelletier: The business is a price competitive one. And at the same time, though, our focus in the midsize to large cases really continues to work for us. It's an area where, while there's certainly a need to be price competitive, we see that the competition takes place across a number of dimensions, including strength of the value proposition, including our certainty of close and our very effective process for shepherding a transaction to closing. Large case market also gives us very robust information and census data that enables us to fully deploy our underwriting skills. And, in particular, the large case market also involves assets in kind rather than being a cash market, as the smaller end of the market is. Those assets in kind and our ability to take those over and redeploy them really plays to our asset management skills. So for all those reasons, while we're not absent from all spectrums of the market, we, relatively speaking, write less in the small end that is all about price competition and write more in the larger segments of the market where some of these value-added dimensions can come into play.
