Richard J. Carbone: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As we've just heard from John, we continue to build business momentum even in these adverse markets. And while common stock earnings per share was $1.07 for the third quarter based on adjusted operating income compared to $2.12 per share in the year ago quarter, market-driven and discreet items, including the impact of our annual update of experience and actuarial assumptions, had a significant impact on our reported results as they did in the third quarter of last year.  In the Annuities business, the market drop in the quarter caused us to increase reserves. The guaranteed minimum death and income benefits and amortization of DAC resulting in charges totaling $0.68 per share. In Retirement and unlocking, based on the annual update of experience and assumptions, resulted in a charge of $0.04 per share.  On the Individual Life business, it benefited from $0.12 per share from the reduction of net amortization of DAC and related items as a result of the annual update of actuarial assumptions. This benefit was partially offset by increased net amortization of charges of $0.05 per share, driven by the equity market decline in the quarter for it benefit of $0.07 per share.  Group Insurance results benefited $0.04 per share for reserve refinements driven by the annual assumption update. In International Insurance, Gibraltar Life benefited by $0.13 per share from the partial sale of our indirect investment in China Pacific Life. This benefit was partially offset by integration costs of $0.06 per share relating to the Star/Edison acquisition. And Corporate and Other results absorbed charges of $0.15 per share to increase reserves for estimated death claims based on new matching criteria used with Social Security Death Benefit Death Files and $0.03 per share for a contribution to be made to New York insurance industry insolvency fund for a total of $0.18 per share.  In total, the items I just mentioned had a net unfavorable impact of $0.72 per share on our third quarter earnings. Adding back the net charges of $0.72 per share to our reported results would bring EPS in the quarter to $1.79.  Our year ago quarter results included $0.74 per share of net favorable impacts from unlockings and reserve releases, mainly reflecting the 11% increase in the S&P 500 in that quarter. Taking these items out of both the current and year ago quarters would produce an EPS increase of about 30%, driven largely by organic business growth and the initial contributions of the Star/Edison earnings.  Moving on to the GAAP results for the Financial Services businesses. We reported net income of $1.5 billion or $3.06 per share for the third quarter compared to $1.2 billion or $2.46 per share a year ago. Now GAAP net income for the current quarter includes amount characterized as net realized investment gains of $1.6 billion. This compares to $284 billion of pretax net realized investment gains in the year ago quarter. The $1.6 billion of current quarter gains includes $2 billion of asset and liability value changes driven by the strengthening of the yen and by March set derivatives primarily related to the duration of management activities. These gains are partially offset by impairments and credit losses amounting to $150 million and net losses of $94 million primarily related to hedging activities.  GAAP book value per share amounted to $74.52 at the end of the third quarter. This compares to $67.81 a year ago. Gross unrealized losses on general account fixed maturities were $4.2 billion at end of the quarter, up $1 billion from a quarter earlier, mainly as a result of foreign currency movements. And we were in a net unrealized gain position of $9.8 billion at September 30.  Book value per share, excluding unrealized investment gains and losses and pension and postretirement benefits, increased $6.39 from year ago, reaching $66.79 at the end of the quarter. Now I'll discuss our capital and liquidity in some detail later on as part of our guidance discussion where you will see estimated projections of both GAAP and stat capital as of 12/31. Our estimates in stat capital as of 9/30 is about where we would expect it to be or are expecting it to be. At year end, and is around a 500 RBC ratio, actually, a little better. And now to Mark.
Richard J. Carbone: Yes. Well, 2 things. One is, I think I mentioned earlier on, that we expect capital that has generated during 2012 will be deployed. We've got a $1.5 billion buyback program in place. So we used $750 million so far. So as our expectation, we'll complete that buyback. New capital will be generated next year and we'll have to make sure we deploy that effectively. But I just wanted to mention one thing that may lead back to Nigel's question, but it also addresses yours. Keep in mind that when Star/Edison comes fully online and all of the synergies are realized, we had contemplated between a 60 to 70 basis point, if my memory serves me correctly, in an ROE lift. So that's coming on. In 2013, we're not going to be fully there, but a big chunk of that is chipping in. And right now -- and right now, we're not getting a lot of help from that. It may be a 0 sign, but it needs a lot of help.
Richard J. Carbone: That moves around. It depends upon the capital needs of the businesses, and the one thing that ratio is missing, and I would remiss not to point it out, that we -- that's the pure income ratio. What we have is our businesses do throw off capital as we change the business mix. So for example, we're exiting the interim loan business and winding down that portfolio. We expect capital to be freed up from there. Now that's not in the 43% free cash flow ratio that you just calculated and we've got more of that built into the plan going forward.
Richard J. Carbone: So don't narrow your thinking to a dollar number of $1.5 billion as redeployable every year forever.
Richard J. Carbone: And that balance sheet resource is what funds the capital freed up in the future of over and above the free cash flow coming out of earnings.
Richard J. Carbone: Well, more than -- don't forget, this is an actual number. This isn't a projection. We actually absorbed $2 billion of additional capital in 2011. More than half of that's annuities and international, and the rest is sprinkled amongst our other businesses.
Richard J. Carbone: Well, on a statutory basis, they -- there were two -- there was an offset, right? We had the duration hedges -- the derivative duration hedges, which offset the negative impact. Not entirely. It offset partially the negative impact of the hedge breakage in one of our subs. But all of that is taken into consideration the 500 RBC plus that I've laid out at 9/30 earlier in my remarks.
Richard J. Carbone: It's kind of easy. What happens is that the RBC builds throughout the year in PICA and then we take the dividend out in the first quarter, if approved, of the next year. So towards year end, you're always going to see that build up of RBC naturally and then we take it down in the first quarter of next year and it rebuilds by the end of the next year, and so on and so on.
Richard J. Carbone: Yes, Chris, and the second part of your question ties to the answer I gave a little bit earlier. The excess capital that you see now, I guess, was the $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion that's sitting in the regulated entities in cash. Over the early parts of next year, that will be dividended up to the holding company, not all of it, but a lot of it. And that's how it becomes usable in our capital deployment. And that's going to happen every year. Every year, you're going to see the capital spent and the capital build in the next year's spent again. But at by the end of the year, it's sitting in the regulated entities for dividend approval in the early part of the next year.
Richard J. Carbone: No. Because that free cash flow -- it's a rolling free cash flow. Okay. So that $2.7 billion comes up, when the $2.2 billion comes up and the one that was generated last year stays down until the next year, it's sequential.
John Robert Strangfeld: Okay. Nigel, let me take that. This is John. Just to take that in terms of the primary building blocks, for me, they are the same building blocks we have been talking about before, which is that the principal things that are going to get us there are continuing strong performance of our ROE businesses, particularly the International Insurance, Asset Management and Annuities. Number two is the successful integration of Star and Edison and number three is appropriate capital management in a variety of different ways. And those are going to drive it. It doesn't -- it's not predicated on some change in interest rate assumptions in these sorts of things. It's those 3 elements are the primary drivers of our outcomes.
John Robert Strangfeld: We don't have a forecast, but I can give you a context for thinking about it going forward. I think what you'll see unfold on the Star and Edison will be very similar to what unfolded when we acquired Kyoei. Not necessarily numerically, but certainly, directionally. So for example, when we took over Kyoei they had about 7,000 sales people. We put in place our performance standards that are more consistent with the higher performance that we expect out of our traditional Gibraltar organization. And that led to a reduction, ultimately, down to about 4,500, which you will notice has grown up to over 6,000 in the years since then. I would expect, without knowing what the degree would be, that the direction will be similar so that what you've seen here is a reduction. I would not expect this to be the last such reduction. It will depend on how successful we are in providing products and training that allows them to perform at the higher level that we expect.
John Robert Strangfeld: No, Tom. I think the way you got to think about it is in the percentages moving away to dollars, right? So maybe -- and I forget, that might have been Mark earlier who computed the 43% free cash flow coming from operations. So earnings throws off 43%. We pick up a few percentage points coming out of capital, freeing up of capital. It's in the businesses. And so we're looking at maybe like 50%. And that's a very hard number to get to because the capital number that gets freed up each year from a more efficient use of capital by the businesses is not that predictable. The free cash flow coming up is a little bit more predictable and maybe 43% is a little low this year, maybe it's 45%. But that's way you have to look at it.
Mark B. Grier: And on one of your other questions. That forecast uses continued low rates. There's not a right scenario that's -- other than as Rich described the forward curve.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, and also, we believe this is an achievable target. This isn't pie in the sky. So to your question about how confident we are, we're pretty confident.
Mark B. Grier: There's an assumption of the redeployment of the capital that we generate. It wasn't in Rich's presentation divided between organic growth, acquisitions or disposition in other ways, including share repurchases or dividends. So that will be part of the judgment that we exercise next year as we go through the year and will depend on the business opportunities that are in front of us. Right now, we're operating under an authorization to repurchase $1.5 billion, which ends in June, and I think I've said in the past that we reconsider this often. Capital management is something that's in front of us regularly, not a discrete item that we take a look at when our authorization expires. And it's an ongoing process. So there's not reflected in Richard's comments or this guidance a specific implication of another $1.5 billion or not.
Mark B. Grier: We exercised judgment in the recent quarter and I'm glad you're pleased with that outcome. It's a dynamic process and we will continue to consider all of our choices in the context of the environment.
Mark B. Grier: Well, I described that 2014 cumulative number as an unmanaged pretax number, which is how you ought to think about it. And the immediate levers in front of us are the opportunities to further reduce crediting rates as market conditions allow, as I indicated, we've got about $25 billion of liability products with substantial room to reduce crediting rates, meaning 100 basis points or more. So you can do the arithmetic on that opportunity. We also have opportunities to change our investment mix without compromising credit quality if we decided that's the path we want to go down and the market was there for us in private placements and in commercial mortgages in particular. We also have opportunities to extend duration, particularly in some of our overseas portfolios where we don't necessarily have the rate risk, but where we would get the consolidated benefit. So I don't want to scale it in the abstract, but you should think of that 2014 cumulative number again as unmanaged and pretaxed. And there are some significant things that we can do to mitigate that impact. And by the way, the rest of the company, in terms of a number of core contributing items, will be growing around this potential stress from the gradual decline of the yield in the general account.
Mark B. Grier: But just to be clear that was getting to the of end of this year. That was going to the 12/31 position. So that reflects the reality of our expectation of generating about $3.5 billion, deploying about $2 billion of it in our businesses and about $1.5 billion through repurchases and dividends.
Mark B. Grier: And one other thing that I mentioned, John -- one other thing I mentioned is kind of barbelled this so it's either normal organic growth, M&A or return to shareholders. And that's a reasonable way to think about it in a broad sense. But our other thought, hope and expectation is there's -- there could be some other outside to organic opportunities that may be very attractive ways for us to put capital to work. The most notable example, it's in the heart of a very difficult time to quantify is in the area of pension risk transfer, which is a really natural place for us to compete in. And were in that because to materialize in a more visible way can be of a highly attractive way for our capital to go to work. So when Rich comments about that it's sort of it's using the word normalized, organic patterns of things, but please appreciate. We're thinking well beyond that in terms of potential capital applications that will be a very attractive fits for us in our business.
Mark B. Grier: Just a reminder on 2 things, one is when we talk about this relationship between earnings and available cash, that's over time, remember that net income versus AOI matters and we tend to talk in the earnings world about AOI but the real capital accounts are impacted by net income. So when we talk about this, it's an over time concept and it's based on the broad relationship between net income and AOI kind of being in line. The second point to make though is don't lose sight of the strength of our current balance sheet as you're thinking about projecting earnings. We have finished this quarter in spite of a lot of turbulence in very good shape with respect to capital, liquidity and asset quality. And as Rich rolled forward and talked about the end of 2011, we'll go into next year with just about the same amount of excess capital that we came into this year with in spite of substantial investments in the business and in spite of what we're doing with respect to share buybacks and dividends. So keep the static picture in mind as well. The balance sheet is very strong.
Mark B. Grier: And just to remind you, we don't have international variable annuities. I think you used that phrase.
Mark B. Grier: And, Tom, it's Mark. I'm not going to call it hedge breakage because there are hedge differences that we accept and actually actively manage to. There is some breakage in these numbers in the sense that some things didn't lineup as tightly as we might have liked, but there also are numbers in there that reflect the general way in which we've positioned in the context of offsets that happen in other places. As Rich mentioned, the marks on the duration hedges go the other way from some of the exposures in the calculation of our living benefit liability. Just to cut to the bottom line with respect to statutory capital, there's very little impact overall and that's reflected in the RBC numbers that Rich quoted. Some direct product-related items going one way and some other items going another way. And you see in GAAP, I understand the question about taking out NPR, but at the end of the day, we don't really get to take out NPR. All in the effect on the GAAP net income statement was pretty small from the annuity picture. We're going to, in our 10-Q, disclose a lot about this. So rather than go through the line items today, I'd like to talk at the macro level like we just did, but you'll see a lot of transparency around the annuity results in the 10-Q.
Mark B. Grier: Eric, this is Mark. We believe that at 400, which is the benchmark that we have used as the threshold above which we define capital capacity, we're targeting capital levels that are consistent with AA ratings, not A. And in fact, I think the standard in the industry is more like 350 in terms of targeting RBC levels. So we're conservative at our 400 target, and you should not think of 500 as an operating target. The threshold above which we define capital capacity is still 400.
Mark B. Grier: Right. It's Mark. Let me start with the first couple parts of it and then maybe let Rich answer the last. We're currently operating under a total share repurchase authorization to buy back up to $1.5 billion worth of stock by the end of June of next year. And we've said since the time that we announced this authorization that we may revisit it in the interim. You shouldn't read anything into what we did in the third quarter other than the context that I mentioned earlier, which is that we exercise judgment. Right now, the authorization is for $1.5 billion by the end of June, but we'll be reconsidering the whole question of capital deployment on an ongoing basis.
Mark B. Grier: We're trying to be very transparent. And portraying operating earnings in a business like annuities that has a lot of mark-to-market type numbers and what we believe are some numbers that don't necessarily reflect economics. Going through operating earnings every quarter is a little frustrating. But as I said, we've tried to be very transparent and we've been consistent with what we're doing but we appreciate the fact that we are not necessarily aligned with industry and it's something we ought to consider.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, this is Mark. We have you all along that the most important thing for us as we enter the world of regulation from someone at the federal level, whether it's the Federal Reserve or someone else, that the most important issue for us is that our business models be understood and that we not be pounded into a bank framework that really doesn't reflect the dynamics of our financial structure or the business models that we're managing. And I think that's more important than whether or not we have a label of SIFI or not, and I still think that's more important. In that respect, I would say that we're having a sense that the environment's pretty constructive. I believe that we'll have a good faith opportunity to engage on that topic, to think about what we look like, to think about setting and calibrating metrics and to understand the differences between Prudential as it looks and banks as they look. So the general tone of things in that respect, I think, is favorable in the sense of the opportunity to engage and think about it the right way. Remember that financial strength is part of our value proposition. So transparent high-quality regulation can be very important for us, and we want to be a constructive part of that process. And so the opportunity to have a good outcome is important for us in our business and important for us in our business models. With respect to the potential to be a SIFI, there are a couple of different issues there. One is the broad question of oversight as it would relate to, I think, particularly the holding company and the unregulated subs, which is kind of a hot topic in light of the experience with AIG in the financial crisis. And another questions relate to setting and calibrating metrics. You heard us talk about how far over regulatory minimums we generally run, and our view is that we want to be strong from a capital perspective. And I'd be surprised if there's a disagreement that results in a punitive type capital structure for Prudential. We already operate at literally multiples of the regulatory standards. So the context there really isn't what kind of "penalty" in quotes might we have imposed above the current level of capital. It's really what might the standard look like versus current standards, and we're very strong versus current standards just about no matter how you measure it. We're not currently in the same category as the bank holding company. So in that respect, we don't have the same kinds of issues that some other companies have, but I think we have the opportunity to work constructively on this and we'd be surprised if it turns out to be something that's really in the end of the day is a problem for us.
Mark B. Grier: Well, we don't know. That whole question of setting and calibrating metrics is very much an open issue. But having said that, I have the sense that there is respect for the functional regulators. Meaning the state regulators as it relates to our insurance companies and I hope we wouldn't throw that out. The RBC system has withstood the test of time and served the industry very well.
