Robert M. Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'm going to provide an update on key balance sheet items, financial measures and other related areas of interest starting on slide 17. Following the recapture of living benefit risks from our reinsurance captive earlier this year, most of the economics and risks of our variable annuity contracts and the supporting capital are now resident in a single statutory entity we call PALAC, which was a direct writer of many of the contracts. As a result, we now view composite RBC including our U.S. insurance entities on a comprehensive basis as a primary measure of our financial strength in relation to our benchmarks. On that basis, composite RBC at year-end 2015 was 486%, and we estimate that it is well above our 400% target at the end of the third quarter. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 840% and 987%, respectively, as of June 30. These solvency margins are comfortably above our targets. I'll turn now to an update on the risk management refinements we implemented during the third quarter as part of the strategy to manage all our annuities product risks together within the annuities business. We continue to manage these risks on an economic basis, including the ability to maintain a CTE 97 threshold through moderate stress scenarios. With the current structure, we are now managing the risks with a combination of traditional fixed income investments and derivatives held within our statutory entities. These strategy refinements are beginning to produce earnings benefits, as Mark mentioned, and are simplifying our annuities operation, reducing our capital volatility and increasing the certainty of cash flows from the business. Looking at the liquidity, leverage and capital deployment highlights on slide 18. Cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $3.5 billion at the end of the quarter, a decrease of about $500 million from June 30. This reflects the impact of the return of about $930 million to shareholders, including dividends and $625 million of share repurchases net of cash inflows during the quarter. Our financial and total leverage ratios at September 30 remained within our targets. As we mentioned in our second quarter earnings call, we expect to move the evaluation of our dividend level to the first quarter of 2017 in order to get better aligned with our capital planning cycle. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert M. Falzon: So, Jimmy, it's Rob. I'll take the first of those questions, then I'll turn it over to Steve to take the second. And actually in talking about the annuities piece, it's a good story, so I'm going to actually spend a minute on it, if you don't mind. So recall that we completed this in three phases, the first at the end of last year where we got regulatory approval for the statutory framework that we were undertaking. The second phase completed in the second quarter, where we actually recaptured the living benefit rider. And then what you've seen in this quarter is that we migrated over to our new risk management strategy, and that strategy is what gave rise to the earnings enhancement that you asked about. The outcomes of those three phases have been that, first, we reorganized and simplified the legal entity structure that supports our annuities business. We're managing all the risks associated with that business within the annuities legal entities now, meaning that the internal corporate under hedge, which was a prior contributor to earnings capital and leverage volatility, is no longer in existence. And we're using a more stable statutory framework that reflects the long-term nature of the risks. And we've talked about that before. And as I noted in my remarks, we're using a combination of derivatives and financial assets to fully diffuse (30:34) that liability. The immediate results that you've seen have been a reduced capital sensitivity to market movements. You saw that particularly in the first and second quarters. A release of about $1 billion, which we talked about last quarter. That was the basis for the $0.5 billion increase in the share repurchases that were authorized, a portion of which we executed on during the course of this quarter. And those lower risks that gave rise to that release in capital are leading to lower costs actually than manage the risks. So that resulted in an increase in AOI, about $15 million in the quarter, but we think the run rate number is more like about $20 million. And it also incidentally gave rise to what you saw outside of AOI in the positive DAC unlocking that increased net income for the quarter as well.
Robert M. Falzon: Let me start with the end question and then maybe I'll tack back to just some further reflections on that. From a seasonality standpoint, we think that the range that we've provided of, call it the $125 million to $175 million in the fourth quarter relative to the average of all four quarters is a trend that will persist. And so we expect to see that this year as well. You saw it in the fourth quarter of 2014. It was at the lower end of that range. And in the fourth quarter of 2015, it was the upper end of that range. Now we think about that against what we think of as sort of the adjusted level of expenses. And so in Mark's opening comments, he called out the $90 million of higher than what we would consider to be – or nonlinear elevated expenses relative to what we would consider to be more normal. About half that was in the businesses, and we called out some of the causes of that. The other half of it was in Corporate and Other, and we also identified the causes there. If you look the higher level of expenses and you look at our Corporate and Other, a lot of it is attributable to that. We're at an unusually high-level this quarter. And, so, if you kind of reflect on a more adjusted level for that, think about last quarter, we had one or two one-time charges that we adjusted for. We had an equity method of investment that we wrote down, and we had some costs associated with the tender offer we tendered for about $0.5 billion worth of debt. That brought that adjusted number down to $335 million last quarter. If you look at the trailing four quarters, so not quite the question you asked about sort of year to date. But if you look at this quarter and go back three, the average for those four quarters is around $350 million on an adjusted basis using what we've called out this quarter and last quarter. So I would think about that as sort as being indicative of a more normalized number, more – kind of a – more of an adjusted number that we would more typically see. And that gives you a sense for then what you would extrapolate against looking into the fourth quarter for measuring the variance against the first three.
Robert M. Falzon: Ryan, it's Rob. Yes. Our estimate for our full-year effective tax rate for the year is right about that number, 23.5%.
Robert M. Falzon: It's the latter, Tom. So that is simply the separation of the businesses between the two legal entities but then does not reflect the additional steps that we took subsequent to that. So that is not reflective of what we think the RBC will be for PALAC when you look towards year-end.
Robert M. Falzon: So good questions, Tom. So on the first – the latter part of it, yeah. When we think about that annuity as a legal entity, we really think about it as the way in which we manage it economically and we've articulated in the context of the CTE 97. Importantly, I always footnote that with the CTE 97 through moderately stressed scenarios. So it's to maintain that even in more adverse circumstances than we face today. When you manage that way, the actual RBC calculation can get kind of funny on you. So, yes, you could see something like in the order of magnitude of what you described in terms of the impact of our RBC within PALAC and the 400%, therefore, becomes a much less meaningful number to evaluate it against. And it's much better to think about it in the context of where we are against that CTE 97. Back at PICA, which is sort of once you've split PALAC out; we still believe that the 400% is the appropriate way to be looking at the PICA legal entity.
Robert M. Falzon: Yes. So, Tom, I'd highlight the following couple of things; first, when we took the rider and we put it together back with the host, you have a decrease in risk by virtue of doing that because you have offsetting risks that you now are able to manage within the same legal entity. So if you think about our economic liability, it has actually declined by almost $1 billion by virtue of having been able to pull those two entities together. So that's your hedging less risk piece of it, because you have got less risk manifesting as a result of the combination of those two entities. The other part of it is that the way in which we're hedging is a good combination of financial instruments, fixed income instruments, and derivatives is a more efficient way for us to hedge. So the very point that you made, where we are using derivatives, I don't want to get overly technical on this, but you're using the swap curve, swap curve is negative to Treasurys. When you're using fixed income instruments, we are actually getting the full benefit of the yield associated with Treasurys; we're buying a lot of Treasurys for that liability. You're actually getting a better yield on that. So it's a combination of we have less risk and therefore need to hedge less and we're using a hedge strategy, which is more efficient and the combination of those two things results in lower costs to manage the risk. That means we have higher estimated gross profits in the future.
Robert M. Falzon: Yaron, so a couple things. First, let me say more broadly that the terms of our recapture are entirely consistent with the recommendations coming through the OW paper that was prepared for the NAIC. And that is what we anticipated. We went through it and obviously we've been very engaged with our regulators and with the NAIC and OW. With respect to the specific thing that you've identified, the CTE 98, recall that, as I said earlier, we're holding CTE 97 through stressed scenarios. Therefore, we don't view that it's likely that there will be any issue for us with regard to the level of capital that we're holding vis-à-vis a CTE 98 standard.
Robert M. Falzon: Humphrey, it's Rob. Actually, I think we're going to defer on that. I don't think we want to provide that granular a level of visibility into it. There are number of things that go into that. We identified the things that would account for the larger portion of the amount that we provided to you. But since the topic has come up again, let me just take maybe an extra minute on expenses, because I know it's – given that it's been raised twice, it's an area of interest. As a firm, we pay a lot of attention to costs. We've been really disciplined about growing our costs over time. If you look back over the last couple of years, what you would see is that our expenses, excluding the initiatives that we've undertaken, actually since 2013 have only grown around 1%. If you include the initiatives in there, then they've grown at only around 3%. And that compares to our AOI growth that's been in excess of 4%. So we've been very disciplined about costs and, therefore, you haven't seen us having to do large cutbacks in our cost structure as a result of being controlled in the way that we've grown it to begin with. Now having said that, we've also been very strategic in how and where we've chosen to invest our expense dollars. And those are the initiatives that we repeatedly referred to. It's very similar, frankly, to the approach that we took coming through the crisis. It was measured, thoughtful and disciplined. But when we see an opportunity to invest and position ourselves ahead of competition, who are cutting back or going in a different direction, we're going to invest for the future and do that. So if you look at the initiative spending that also gives some basis for the rise in overall expenses that we have, we expect that it will generate long-term sustainable top and bottom-line growth for the company. And you can see some of the benefits of that already manifesting themselves. The total gross level of initiative spending is actually much larger than what you see coming through because we're using savings that we're able to harvest from some of our earlier initiatives to pay for some of the initiatives that we're undertaking now. And you're also seeing some of the investments we've made in places like distribution paying off in the form of very strong, for instance, flows in our asset management business. So we're very focused on our costs, controlled in that, being very strategic about where we're investing. And maybe what I'll ask is actually pivot it over to Steve and ask if he wants to elaborate at all on some of that initiative spending and how it's actually affecting the businesses.
Robert M. Falzon: Yes, Michael. So we look at that ratio holistically across the company as opposed to any given business. There are certain businesses which will the above that ratio and other businesses that will be below that ratio. And that's really – I like to describe it as an input, not an output, and the reason for that is we have a very high ROE as a company. And therefore we have opportunities within our businesses to reinvest our free cash flow back into those businesses at those high returns in order to generate growth and returns that are in excess of our cost of capital. So from our standpoint we try to balance the level of reinvestment we are making into our businesses to target where we are producing, where we have the opportunities to grow and where those opportunities grow at sustained high ROEs. And so we could push that cash flow ratio up quite easily, but we would then starve our businesses in the form of organic growth. We think that would have a negative impact on our ROE in the long term and in our market positioning. On the other hand, we can drive it down much lower, but that would then cause us to be investing in things that would have, on the margin, lower ROEs. So it's a balance for us and a targeted number and we are very comfortable with that 60% on a go-forward basis.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, it's Steve. I'll address the rest of your question. First of all, on annuities and the ROA. As Mark mentioned, 114 basis points is certainly driven in part by some favorable non-recurring items and some investment lift this quarter. However, the risk management strategy, as Rob just mentioned, it does create some sustainable run rate benefit. Mark mentioned it added about 4 basis points to 5 basis points. So while we'd still say that the average expectation for ROA in this business is between 100 basis points and 105 basis points, it would be fair to say that the new risk management strategy creates some degree of bias towards the upper part of that range. In regard to what you asked about, the retirement and the case experience. As Mark mentioned, that was adverse by about $20 million. However, half of that relates to reserve strengthening on a legacy block of business, GIC. If you look at the pension risk transfer business itself, case experience was very modestly below average expectations in this quarter. But the same cases that result in modest adverse experience this quarter have been cumulatively $100 million positive over the last seven quarters. So results are going to move around a little bit quarter to quarter, but all evidence continues to be that this is a very solid and very well-priced book of business.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Ryan, it's Steve. Thanks for your question. The low rate environment status – the low rate environment does lower funding status in the aggregate. But as I've mentioned before – and your question reflects this. It's not so much about how rates are today but how rates are today in relation to where plan sponsors expect them to be in the future. And I think there is some degree of acceptance of lower rates for a longer period of time and then readiness to address pension risk. We still see a very robust pipeline. That pipeline is largely populated by plan sponsors who, over the past few years, have taken steps to mitigate their exposure to low rates through liability driven investing including in some cases, doing that LDI with us. So we still see a solid pipeline before us.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Sure. Thanks, Rob. As Rob mentioned, we're making investments both across our businesses in such areas as our digital properties and data analytics and also within our businesses. And the investments made within our businesses are already starting to pay off. Mark mentioned this in his comments as well. In asset management, we see some of our investments in distribution resulting in significant institutional flows over the past several quarters. In retail asset management, we see our investment in product paying off. In retirement, we see our investment in our business platform paying off in terms of improved sales and improved persistency. And as Rob mentioned, we've been able to largely mitigate the cost of these investments through continued effective management of, if you will, the day-to-day operating costs of our business platforms. So it's a situation where we are both able to invest in the future and deliver solid results today.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, it's Steve. Third quarter results in group sales don't tend to be really all that meaningful. As you're aware, the significant quarter for group sales is the first quarter. But I would say, generally speaking, we see this continuing to be a competitive marketplace, and we have been able to be more competitive in the marketplace while still maintaining a very well controlled sales and well-priced sales. We've been able to be more effective through rigorous expense management and through development of a very strong value proposition in the business. So we're confident in our ability to win new business, but we will do it at the right kind of price and on a well-controlled basis.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Michael, this is Steve. We do see across the industry that there has been some pressure on fees that goes across active and passive strategies for the past few years. The DOL rule will continue to support and possibly accelerate that trend. We still see ourselves as being very, very competitive in that context. While we see different types of flows in different parts of the business, certainly in our equities business, we've not been immune from the shift from active to passive. We've seen that in our equity business, particularly in the traditional U.S. style box strategies. However, we're responding to that through investing in our growth in areas within equities that have shown greater resilience in that active to passive trend; global, international, income oriented and factor-based investing in our quantitative management business. And then also the very nature of the multi-manager business itself. Even as we see some degree of outflows in equity like other active managers, we've seen very robust positive flows in fixed income and real estate and strong origination levels in privates and mortgages. We've had those positive institutional flows for 13 straight years, and that gives us confidence in our prospects. I'd also mention that if you relate kind of equities to fixed income, certainly, equity strategies by and large have a higher fee basis than fixed income. But because of the high margins and the particularly attractive scale economies in our fixed income business, we only need somewhat less than $1.50 of positive fixed income flows to offset the impact of $1 of negative equity flows, despite the lower fees that might be pertinent to fixed income business. So between the multi-manager strategy and our competitiveness across different asset classes, we feel ourselves very well prepared to compete, even as we do see some secular (59:58) downward on fees.
