Robert Michael Falzon: Thank you, Mark. I'm going to provide a brief update on key balance sheet items and financial measures starting on slide 17. Following the recapture of our living benefit risks and the refinements we made to our risk management strategies in 2016, we view the RBC ratios at Prudential Insurance or PICA and PALAC as well as the composite RBC shown here to be important measures of our financial strength. Having said that, as we have highlighted previously, we manage our annuity risks using an economic framework that includes holding total assets to a CTE 97 level, with the ability to maintain that level through moderate stresses. As a consequence, over time, we may see some variability in the excess of PALAC's RBC over our target ratio. At December 31, 2016, the PICA, PALAC and composite ratios were well above our target, and we estimate that they continue to be well above our target at the end of the third quarter. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margin ratios of 844% and 902% respectively as of June 30. These solvency margin ratios are comfortably above our targets, and we estimate that they continue to be so at the end of the third quarter. Looking at the liquidity leverage and capital deployment highlights on slide 18, highly liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $4.4 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of around $700 million from June 30. This increase is driven by the $750 million hybrid debt issuance in the current quarter. While we continue to evaluate uses of capital we have higher cost hybrid Securities totaling about $600 million that are callable in 2018, and we took advantage of an opportune time in the market to issue new hybrid securities. As noted by John during the quarter, we returned about $640 million to shareholders, including $324 million of dividends, and $312 million of share repurchases under the $1.25 billion authorization for the year. And finally, our financial leverage and total leverage ratios were within our targets, as of the end of the third quarter. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Steve. So Erik, I think about it sort of in two buckets. The first is a group of things that on the margin have the ROA elevated that we think will reduce over time, and that would be we've gotten some positive hedge breakage that we don't forecast to be sort of normal over a long period of time. We are seeing both spread compression and fee compression in the business as a result of on the fee side at least, the book maturing and the diversification strategy that we've had for our products. So on the margin, those things will play out over a longer period of time, in response to your question. The other driver, the larger driver, is the change in hedge tactics going forward that Steve alluded to. So recall we managed the VA block to a CTE 97, and we have, and as I stated in my remarks, we hold at that level such that we can sustain it through a level of cyclical stress. We've previously indicated that within that risk management construct we're continually evaluating our hedge tactics and we try to optimize the mix of derivatives and cash instruments that we use. We're looking at balancing cash flow and earnings against liquidity, ensuring flexibility and looking to reduce volatility where we can. Given the run up in the markets and the benefit we're seeing from our assumption updates, we see this as a good opportunity to revisit those hedge tactics in order to further decrease the interim volatility, increase flexibility particularly with respect to distributable earnings. We actually began implementing this in the third quarter of 2017, though the costs were not so material that you actually saw it come through and impact the ROA. And we're going to continue to adjust it through the rest of 2017 and 2018. The remainder as I mentioned before the other drivers are things that will affect ROA over a longer period of time than that. So I think it's fair to say that we expect the ROA will continue to be above that long-term expectation in the near to intermediate term, but will migrate over to closer to it in the course of 2017 and 2018 and then over a longer period of time more in line with that long-term objective.
Robert Michael Falzon: So it's a good question, Erik. I think both from our Annuities business and frankly from our other businesses we're seeing across a strong generation of cash flow and capital. And recall that we had actually increased our free cash flow guidance from 50% to 60% back when we gave guidance in 2015. So since that point in time, both our visibility and our confidence in our cash flow generation have both risen. Having said that, at this point in time, we're not changing our guidance. And it is something that we'll revisit and as appropriate we'll talk about in December when we visit on guidance.
Robert Michael Falzon: Ryan, it's Rob so I wouldn't think of it that way because we're holding capital to a CTE 97 and that is not changing by virtue of what we're talking about with regard to tactics. I would think about it more around confidence levels around distributable cash flow. So given by mix, differentiating the mix between derivatives and cash instance that we use, what we can do is reduce the volatility in earnings in any given scenario. And by virtue of doing that we enhance the ability to take that earnings, translate it into free cash flow and distribute it out of the business. So I think it's really more targeted about toward interim volatility and distributable cash flow and really leaves capital unaffected.
Robert Michael Falzon: So if it's okay Ryan, actually let me try to bring that up a level and talk maybe a little bit more broadly about tax reform as opposed to isolating one particular aspect of it because you really need to think about it sort of across the spectrum of ways in which it could affect our capital position. First two points before I dig into that. Let me reiterate what John said up front, which is longer term lower corporate tax rates all things being equal are a positive for us and for businesses. And so we look at the opportunity for tax reduction as being something that's going to be beneficial. And two most of our focus on this, is frankly going to be on implications to product and wanting to ensure that consumers are still have the proper motivations and incentives to continue to save for retirement. With regard to the capital piece of it, we have run a whole series of analyses on this, and I guess what I would say is just to sort of provide a conclusion on it for you, Ryan, is that under all those analyses, our insurance companies would continue to be capitalized at AA levels. Our leverage would remain within our targets, our liquidity would remain well above our minimums and we would expect no disruption to our shareholder distribution plans. So DTA in terms of your specific question is entirely factored into that. One other thing I'd just sort of throw out, while we did that analysis and look at that in the context of existing constructs and metrics around what a AA means, I would note that while there's the possibility that through tax reform, there could be a negative impact to capital ratios in the way that they're calculated, you also have to remember that for insurers, we have a significant margin in our reserves, and that that margin in reserves in our case in any event, is well in excess of the equity that we have, the capital that we have, within the business. And so the benefit to the margins in reserves on an after tax basis will well exceed any detriment that occurs to our capital by virtue of a higher tax rate. And therefore, while we did all our analysis assuming that there's not going to be any changes in metrics, you would have to consider that benefit to the strengthening effectively of your after tax reserves is something that would be considered into what would ultimately be deemed sort of the appropriate solvency ratios post-tax reform.
Robert Michael Falzon: Tom, it's Rob. So Japan goes into the same basket that when I commented on seeing strong cash flow and distributable cash flow coming across our businesses. I spoke to annuities, but Japan would be included in that as well. Year to date we have repatriated out of Japan around $900 million. Recognize that we typically repatriate from Japan in the second half of the year, so you'll see a concentration of that coming in the latter half. The form in which we repatriate we have a variety of tools for doing that. Obviously given the potential for tax reform, we're being sensitive and sensible about how we go about doing that. And so you won't necessarily see that coming through a dividend line in the sources and uses. It comes through other mechanisms that we employ, but can and will use dividends as things become more clear on the tax front. And you made a comment about contributions into Japan in the earlier part of the year. I would sort of just for clarity on that, the contributions into our international business in the early part of the year were largely driven by the joint venture investments and acquisitions that we've been doing. So the vast majority of that has been funding the things we've done for instance in Africa, in Brazil and in Indonesia. So that wasn't really capital consumption by Japan itself, but rather our growth initiatives internationally.
Robert Michael Falzon: The $900 million is a gross number Tom, but when you net out, when you take the acquisition activity out the amount that would then get netted down from that is a less consequential amount. You're dealing with something that's probably a couple hundred million dollars, and remember the biggest driver to that would be we have our equity hedge settlements for the, that this year, that's been $140 million/$150 million actually going toward Japan. Now remember that that's temporal, because that's a reflection of higher earnings that we get on a post-translation basis. But that would be part of the other part that would be sort of netted from the $900 million.
Robert Michael Falzon: Jimmy, it's Rob, so we spent about $135 million last year, about $88 million year to date and about $31 million in the third quarter. I would think about that as roughly in three buckets, Jimmy. One is there's about a third of it that if we were to be dedesignated would go away very rapidly. There's about a third of it which will go away over a period of time as we're finishing out projects that we began. They tend to be technology related and so those things get completed and they will burn off of their own volition in the course of 1 year to 2/2.5 years. And then the remaining third are costs that we think we actually will continue to incur because recall that while we may not be group supervised by the Fed, we will continue to be group supervised by New Jersey. And we continue to deal with developments that are occurring on the international front, and so there's a level of spending that we expect, spending and investment that we continue to expect that would be ongoing over a longer time.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve Pelletier. I'll touch up on your question and maybe I'll hand it over to Rob for further comments. Obviously, we're very pleased with the performance of the business. It generated strong earnings, strong ROA, and strong cash flows. The elevated ROA reflects a number of factors, in particular favorable equity market conditions, the strong performance by the funds on our platform, and in particular continued favorability in the emergence of our risk management framework. And all of that contributed to a marginal increase to ROA compared to the previous quarter, largely stable with the previous quarter. We believe some of this lift is sustainable, but we aren't expecting to maintain that full increase in ROA going forward. In particular we're always looking at ways of managing our risk to create the best economic outcomes across scenarios, and optimizing trade-offs between increased ROAs and the ability to further decrease volatility and increase our flexibility with respect to distributable earnings and capital. Our guidance as to how we think about the ROAs in this business are unchanged from last quarter when we said that we see the long-term sustainable ROA in that 110 to 115 basis points range over the long run still with meaningful upside in the near term. In terms of some of the particular aspects you queried about in terms of how that ROA normalizes over a period, I'll ask Rob to expand further.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Suneet, this is Steve, I'll address that question. I think just kind of work through the sequence. We're seeing very strong flows across a number of asset classes but particularly in fixed income, both public and private fixed income. We're seeing the ability to sustain our average fee level across the entire platform, and that's a pretty distinctive outcome in the active Asset Management business. We've been able to do that by attracting particularly strong flows into some higher-fee yielding strategies. A lot of those flows come into businesses that are already at scale. In particular a lot of the flows have come into our fixed income business where the scale economies are particularly attractive. Obviously some degree of market friendliness has helped to some extent, but you put all that together, and what you see is margin expansion and a very attractive bottom-line result in the Asset Management business. It's good to see this emerge, but it's not necessarily a surprise to us. In the past few years, we've been investing in this business. We've been investing in order to expand our distribution capabilities, and to expand our product set, and further extend our bench strength in our investment platforms. All of that has played out over time. Last year, we started to see the flows come from these investments. Now those flows are continuing, and the flows are translating into earnings, so I think what we're seeing is the logical consequence of the investments we've made and the achievement of the objectives of those investments.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, it's Steve, I'll address your question. We have seen a growth in flows from international clients. Again, that's been the objective of a lot of our investments in the business over the past couple of years. A big part of that was building out our institutional relationship management efforts on a global basis. So we have seen an increasing portion of flows coming from international markets, and we still see a robust picture. The types of strategies that we're offering, and the engagement that we have with clients continues to bode well for the success of the business. Bear in mind that this is a business that has had 14 consecutive years of positive net flows from institutional clients.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Right, I would address that, as well. I would say, Humphrey, that first of all, you used absolutely the right term, active ETFs, and I would emphasize that. Broadly speaking, we see the passive ETF space as being thoroughly spoken for. As it relates to our consideration around active ETFs, I think it's important to emphasize that this is, if we do something here, it would not be venturing into a brand new effort. ETFs are about smart beta capabilities. Active ETFs are about smart beta capabilities, enhanced indexing. Those are value propositions that we already have today and that we already advance into the market today, primarily through our QMA business. So any decision that we finally take in regard to the active ETF space would simply be a new vehicle by which we're delivering existing strategies and existing capabilities into the marketplace.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Alex, it's Steve, I'll address your question. Generally speaking, we continue to see a very robust pipeline. I'll kind of elevate the question and just discuss the pipeline overall. You heard Mark speak to our 3Q results in the business. I'd also point out it's in the public domain that since the end of the third quarter, we've also written an additional funded $1.3 billion case with international paper. We were very, very happy to see that. And what we see in the pipeline is both a strong propensity to transact and strong ability to transact. Rates are going up, or rates have gone up. That reduces the liability, and increases funding level and increases ability of plan sponsors to transact. At the same time, there's no broad expectation among plan sponsors that rates are due to spike upward further, so they have a strong propensity to transact at today's levels. PBGC premiums continue to be an issue that many plan sponsors are seeking to address. One dynamic that we continue to see play out in the market is even very large plan sponsors looking to bring maybe slices of their liability to the market. Those slices being comprised of liabilities that are large in head count, but with small benefits per participant. And again, in doing so, they're looking to eliminate administrative costs, and reduce the per-capita portion of PBGC premiums. That's a dynamic we've seen as underpinning several of the pieces of business that we've written this year and in the third quarter. So overall, we see the pipeline as being very strong, and we see the receptivity to the strength of our value proposition as being very promising.
Stephen P. Pelletier: John, this is Steve. We've been planning and preparing for MiFID II requirements for some time. We intend to be in full compliance obviously by the effective date at the beginning of 2018. Just as a point of background, we have two MiFID firms in the EU that will be subject to the regulations. Our MiFID firms currently do not intend to pass research costs onto clients. We have significant experienced internal research groups and we don't expect any of the, any material impact from the research costs that we would absorb. As we think about the implications of MiFID II beyond the EU, we do see the potential that the new requirements for MiFID firms relating to research costs may have an impact on how research is distributed and paid for more broadly. And we're simply continuing to monitor the landscape and how the industry is evolving in this area.
