John Robert Strangfeld: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The central message today is that we had another strong quarter, and we're tracking well to achieve our goals for 2013. While we clearly benefited from some tailwinds, including strong investment results, the main driver of our improving results is business fundamentals, and each of our divisions is contributing. Mark and Rob will review the quarter in greater detail in a few minutes, but here are a few highlights. Our Retirement business had record earnings, largely on the strength of the 2 large pension risk transfer deals we completed late last year. We invested for many years to develop our capabilities in pension risk transfer, and it's pleasing to see initial tangible benefit from the commitment we made. Individual Life Insurance also had a strong quarter, reflecting a solid contribution from The Hartford Life block we acquired early this year. Integration is on plan, and both integration and expenses and cost savings are tracking with our expectations. The expanded distribution in the wirehouse and bank channels and the high-quality staff that this deal bring us are exceeding our expectations. Results in International Insurance continue to reflect solid organic growth, as well as increasing expense synergies from our acquisition of Star and Edison. To be sure, challenges remain. It's clear to us that we will continue to focus on building a company that achieves and sustains superior financial performance, especially as measured by return on equity, over time and through challenging environments. We believe our goal of superior performance is supported by a strong foundation that we can build upon. First, our portfolio of businesses is balanced and diverse. We believe our set of businesses should produce superior returns over time because of the markets they serve, along with the high value-added products at the core of our value proposition. Second, our businesses are well led and are leaders in their markets as competitive measures, such as sales, flows and persistency, as well as overall performance, will attest. Third, capital management is a part of our value proposition. We strive for a disciplined balance of capital deployment between a normal course organic growth, growth through innovative new products or applications, such as pension risk transfer, M&A and return to our shareholders. And finally, while it's hard to demonstrate except through results, we strongly believe that superior talent and the culture in which they work is and will continue to be the biggest driver of our long-term performance. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Mark.
John Robert Strangfeld: Okay. Thank you, Mark and Rob. And that concludes our prepared comments, and we'd like to open it up to Q&A.
John Robert Strangfeld: I thank you fairly point out that a lot of things went in the right direction for Gibraltar this quarter. You're right. On the investment side, it was higher than we would normally expect, certainly not all of it, but a portion of it was higher than I think you would want to assume is going to continue going forward. There is a certain seasonality factor as a result of the annual premium mode. Let me explain that. On annual premiums, we book the earnings consistent with the time in which we booked the premium. On POJ, that's in the first quarter. But in Gibraltar, because they lag by a quarter, that shows up primarily in the second quarter. And then in the third side, there -- actually, on the benefit side was a little better than normal not so much because of mortality, but because there were surrenders that took place primarily around the Aussie dollar, which netted against the mortality produced a little better benefit ratio than would be normally assumed. So if you put the 3 together, you're right, you need to discount to some degree. But even after you've done that, there is a very strong performance result there, one being the factor that Mark highlighted, which is that consistent with the original plan. The costs have come down steadily. We've now expensed about 80% of the $400 million ballpark that we had originally estimated for the expenses, and that's come down nicely. And similarly, we're getting increased gains on the expense savings. So the combination of those 2 produced about a $50 million swing over the quarter. And as Mark pointed out, those are stable in contrast to the one-timers that you just covered. So net-net, very strong but I wouldn't book the whole thing on a going-forward basis.
John Robert Strangfeld: I'm not sure I'd want to stick a number on it. I would more or less stick with what I just said in terms of how you might want to adjust it.
John Robert Strangfeld: Yes. Let me answer your question a little bit differently than the way you posed it, if you don't mind, Tom. What we're trying to communicate here are a couple of things. First, before you even get into the colors of the bar, if you just look at the size of the bar, the first point we're trying to make is that what happened in the second quarter of '12 was unprecedented. And so the drop that we're looking at here is driven by 2 things that happened during that quarter, which will not likely recur. So it had to do with specifically the Japan businesses. So during that quarter, we saw a 40% increase in Gibraltar sales and an 80% increase in POJ sales. So we knew that, that was not a new stable platform of plateau from which we could further build, particularly because we understood why it happened. It was driven, as Mark pointed out in his opening comments, by the tax law changes on the cancer whole life product and on the interest rate changes on the dollar-denominated retirement and other dollar products. And you're right, those products are related more to capital market activity and tax treatment than to the more traditional Death Protection. So when those changes took place, it was a spike which will not reoccur. But the other reason for showing as many quarters is to give you the opportunity to observe, that if you completely ignore that quarter and you look at this quarter compared to the quarter and the prior year, i.e. 2011, you'll see double-digit growth. And the reason for that is because there continues to be, underneath these 2 specific changes, very steady organic growth. And that's a continuation of what has been going on for a long time. In fact, coming into this quarter, we had 15 quarters of consecutive year-over-year increases in sales. So it was inevitable that there would come a break, and I think it was predictable that it would come in this quarter because of that spike that occurred. So I don't think there's much more of a message that we're trying to give here than that. It really was limited to that quarter. I don't think you'll see that kind of volatility again unless there is some external or internal change comparable to what happened at that time.
John Robert Strangfeld: No, I don't think they will continue to diminish, John (sic) [Tom]. The reason I say it is it had more -- it will diminish depending on what you use as your baseline. Will it will diminish relative to what it was in the second quarter of '12? Yes, maybe. But will it diminish relative to what it was in the quarters other than that? Not necessarily.
John Robert Strangfeld: Sure. Yes, you make 2 key points there, John. One is you're absolutely right, the more traditional Death Protection products dropped relatively speaking during that second quarter of '12 when more of the platform was consumed by the focus on the tax driven and interest rate driven activity. But now that, that has returned more to normal, you're right, these products have now returned to their more historical organic growth rates. Your second point regarding competition, because our primary focus is through our captive agency distribution and because the product focus is primarily on Death Protection and needs-based analysis, we tend to be less sensitive to the movement of competitors. That's less true, of course, on the bank channel, which we've discussed previously. But that constitutes less, particularly in this quarter of our productivity. So in general, I would not say that there's been any major movement on the competition that's affecting us in spite of changes you have seen in prices, driven by the changes in the standard reserving rate, which has brought about a broader dispersion of prices. But that's not materially affecting our performance because of our focus on Death Protection and our distribution focus, primarily in proprietary distribution.
John Robert Strangfeld: Sure. You're exactly right. The second part of your question having to do with the composition of the portfolio is what influences the sensitivity on the SMR, so let me talk you through that. We have, as I believe most of you are aware, an extremely conservative portfolio, far more so than most of the Japan companies, either domestic or foreign-owned. As a result, we have the luxury of being able to define the vast majority, about 70% of our general account portfolio as either hold to maturity or hold for reserve. Consequently, that does not need to be mark-to-market. Only about 20% of our portfolio is assets for sale, which is a lot less than I think you'll find in most companies. Furthermore, what we have inside that category tends to be, a, currency matched; and, b, short-term duration. So those 3 facts, number one, a small part of our portfolio; number two, currency matched; and number three, short duration, means that we're relatively insensitive to movement here in terms of the SMR. And then, of course, I'd just take the opportunity to remind you that, as Mark pointed out, our SMRs are very high compared to really what's expected, I think, of a AA company or what's going on with the competition. So we're in a position that even if there is a relative diminution of it, it will still leave us in a very strong position.
John Robert Strangfeld: That's a good question. One, we have been watching ourselves because this is relatively unprecedented. It's linked primarily to the exchange rate, and it's focused mostly on the Aussie dollar. That exchange rate peaked in April. And when we've looked at the monthly numbers, it would suggested that as the yen have strengthened versus of the Aussie dollar, the surrender rate has dropped accordingly. That's what we can observe that you cannot from a quarterly number when we look at the monthly numbers, which leads me to believe that if it stays at the current level on the exchange rate, that you'll see a surrender rate that's below what we witnessed in the second quarter. But again, going forward, the primary point is it will be linked to and largely driven by the exchange rate.
John Robert Strangfeld: Joanne, this is John. Let me offer a couple of observations about that. What you're really seeing here is the cumulative effect of the building blocks that we've been talking about really for the last 3 years. So whether that's the strong organic performance of our existing business, which you can see manifested in the fundamentals, or whether it's the outsized organic that you mentioned, like pension risk transfers, or whether it's the M&A, in the case of Star/Edison, which has really come to fruition, or Hartford, which is in its early but encouraging phases, and you couple that with active capital management and expense management, as well and the quality and continuity of leadership, all those things are contributing to this. So it's these same elements that gave us confidence 3 years ago to aspire to a 13% to 14% ROE, are the things that are coming to fruition today and are manifested in our results.
John Robert Strangfeld: Okay. A couple of observations on that as well. We believe we're on a good track towards the 2 aspects of our goal: one is achieving that range; and the second is doing it in a way that's sustainable over time. As you point out, well, firstly, 2 quarters does not a year make. And then secondly, there are certain elements in the first half, while they're very real, they tend to fluctuate. And the things that fluctuate at the moment are generally fluctuating in a positive direction, like the example of the investment income piece that you -- that was mentioned earlier. So when we're talking about achieving and sustaining a 13% to 14% ROE, we're truly talking about long term and without a reliance upon those fluctuating elements to drive us into that space. And I think that's the extent of what we'd say. We're not going to offer anymore specificity around guidance, around ROE, et cetera, et cetera, because that's not something we would normally do during the course of the year. But I think that's the way we would think about it in terms of both achieving, getting into that zip code and doing it in a way that's sustainable over time and through different phases and different markets.
John Robert Strangfeld: Sure. I guess, I'd answer the first part of that question by saying, I don't think that increasing margins or maintaining an appropriate level of profitability is mutually exclusive from growth. So if you look at our businesses, I think we are concentrating on making sure that we create shareholder value by selling product with an appropriate risk-adjusted return. And that hopefully will fall to the bottom line and that will create AOI growth over time. So it might not be necessarily top line growth, but it certainly can be bottom line growth. And I think you see that in a number of the businesses. And in terms of growth, as we've said, just in general, as we said in Investor Day, we think there are a whole series of macro trends in the U.S. that play right into our strengths as an insurance company, as an asset management company, as a retirement company. And you look at the -- whether it's the 10,000 baby boomers that are retiring a day or the need for lifetime income, these are all trends that we have products for or are working on that really fall into or play into our strengths over time. So we're very excited about the macro trends in the industry. But the one thing we are absolutely focused on is the profitability of the products we have, and that sales -- as Eric and Mark and others have said, sales are going to be really result of maintaining a price discipline in all our product lines going forward.
Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'd like to give you an update on some key items under the heading of Financial Strength and Flexibility and they're summarized beginning on page -- on Slide 25. First, focusing on our insurance companies. We continue to manage these companies to levels consistent with what we believe are AA standards. Prudential Insurance, we managed to a 400% RBC ratio, which we believe gives us some cushion against our AA objective. We began the year with a 456% RBC ratio. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio remains above our 400% target at Prudential Insurance after giving effects to The Hartford transactions and other activities in the first half of the year. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported solid solvency margin ratios of 749% and 896%, respectively, as of March 31, their fiscal year end. These reported solid key margins are strong in relation to our targets. Looking at the overall capital position for the Financial Services businesses, as summarized on Slide 25. We calculate our on balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target and then add capital capacity held at the parent company and other subsidiaries. As of year end, we estimated that our on balance sheet capital capacity was roughly $3 billion before the funding of Hartford Life acquisition, which closed in early January. We also estimated that about $1.5 billion to $2 billion of this amount was readily deployable. During the first half of this year, we funded The Hartford acquisition, paid 2 quarterly common stock dividends of $0.40 each for a total of about $400 million and repurchased $250 million of our common stock, totaling roughly $1.3 billion of capital redeployment and returns of capital. The net of these uses of capital and the capital generated by our businesses in excess of their organic growth needs left us with available on balance sheet capital capacity of about $2.5 billion to $3 billion at June 30, including about $1 billion that we would consider readily deployable. Our $250 million of share repurchases, which we executed during the second quarter, brought our total repurchases under the authorization that ended on June 30 of this year to $400 million, as we had projected. As you know, we announced a new $1 billion repurchase authorization in June, which extends through June 30 of next year. Turning to the cash position of the parent company. Cash and short-term investments, net of outstanding commercial paper, amounted to about $4 billion as of the end of the second quarter. This reflects our [indiscernible] during the quarter of approximately $450 million of senior debt with an average coupon of about 6% and $920 million of 9% junior subordinated notes. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing debt, fund operating needs or redeploy over time. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Suneet, it's Rob. First, the math that you did, I think, all adds up. As we looked at the overall capital capacity on balance sheet, I would characterize it as not having changed materially. What change there was, was more of a timing issue than an absolute issue. What did change is the composition of that capital and the way that you articulated it. We used our redeployable capital to pay dividends, buyback stock and delever, and that brought the redeployable component down. With regard to the overall pie, the total capacity remain relatively unchanged as a result of earnings coming in, funding our business growth and then the items that you just mentioned.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes. If you look at our-- start with our earnings adjusted for things like NPR and FX remeasurement, which are noneconomic, you took out those items and you took out financing, the growth of our business, you would find that, that leaves us with a total capacity that's relatively unchanged.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes, so couple of thoughts on that. First, recognize that, that's a number that cycles through during the course of the year. So we do, as you noted, and have used the non-monetizable capital and can absorb risk for writing new business. So we can also absorb risk if things go bump in the night. So while it's non-monetizable, it doesn't mean it's not usable. It means that there are different ways in which it can get applied. And what happens in any given year is that things like DTAs burn off and then get added as a result of activities during the course of the year. So when we define non-monetizable, what we mean by that is that in the course of the next 12 months, that's the portion of our capital capacity that exists down in operating subsidiaries that we don't see coming up to the holding company in a way that it would allow us to immediately redeploy it. And so that's an ongoing process during the course of any given year. We'll be taking capital out of the subsidiaries, but they'll be building capital back up again. And as a result of that, the non-monetizable piece, there'll be a component of it. I don't think you'll ever see it go away, although it's reduced over time as a result of writing new business and doing things like pension risk transfer.
Robert Michael Falzon: It's Rob. So the way we look at it internally is consistent with what we think of the lower -- the major rate rating agencies. Moody's gives us only a 25% equity credit from the hybrids. We get full equity credit for the hybrids from Standard & Poor's by way of contrast on the other extreme. So when we report our financial ratio to you, it is only giving ourselves the benefit of that 25% allocation to equity, and that's the 24.7% financial ratio that we published for you.
Robert Michael Falzon: Erik, it's Rob Falzon. Yes, I would say that, obviously, we have to consume capital in order to finance business growth, as we've talked about, to the extent -- and I don't mean to imply that sales are coming down, that was your hypothesis coming into it, but to the extent that sales moderate relative to an installed book, it becomes less capital intensive for us in order to finance that growth.
Robert Michael Falzon: I would look at that as a general rule. I think we've provided you in the past benchmarks for the amount of capital that comes out of our operating subsidiaries on average over a very long period of time and works its up way to the holding company. I think, on average, that's probably a good rule of thumb to sustain.
Mark B. Grier: This is Mark. I guess the main thought is that, that's an issue that's out there. It's something that does come up when we talk about the consideration of what we consider to be appropriate capital and solvency regimes for an insurance company. And at this point, I would say it's just something that we have to work through.
Mark B. Grier: Well, there are -- yes, there is legislation out there, and there also are different opinions about the specific legal interpretation. The more general issue is a reluctance to reopen Dodd-Frank at all, and that's kind of the hurdle that we'd have to get over to start looking at changes. And I would have to say the outlook for that is highly uncertain.
Mark B. Grier: Well, I guess, the short answer is that I can't give you a lot more color around the process. We are in the works. Timing-wise, probably somewhere around 2 months from late July, we will have a final determination. As you mentioned, we have been working on our concerns about the preliminary designation, but I can't add a lot more than that in terms of discussion of the process. I would reiterate that we don't believe that we satisfy the quantitative criteria to be a SIFI, as is contemplated in Dodd-Frank, and we continue to make that case.
Mark B. Grier: Well, again, without getting into a lot of detail, we did have a specific preliminary designation to discuss in the context of the last stage of the process, so that would have been different. But otherwise, I would add again, we've had high-quality discussions around the nature of our business models and the issues that both we and the council think are important.
Mark B. Grier: Suneet, it's Mark. Maybe just to emphasize one point that Rob made. The amount of DTA that is eligible, that counts as an asset for statutory purposes, will roll over. So as some of that is monetized more, we'll meet the test and be accepted as an admitted asset. So there's a little dynamic there that the first part of what you said is right, it does get chewed up. But the second part is, it gets replaced.
