Robert Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I will provide an update on some key items under the heading of financial strength and flexibility. Starting on Slide 19. While statutory results are not yet final, we estimate that PICO will report RBC well above our 400% target as of year-end. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 853% and 900% respectively, as of their most recent reporting date September 30, 2015. Looking at our overall capital and liquidity position on Slide 20, a year-ago we estimated our available on-balance-sheet capital capacity at approximately $2 billion on a net basis. This represented about $4 billion a gross basis, less $2 billion earmarked to reduce capital debt, to arrive at our long-term targeted financial ratio of 25%. During the year, we returned over $2 billion of capital to shareholders, including $1 billion of share repurchases and over $1 billion of common stock dividends, including a fourth quarter dividend representing a 21% increase. At the same time, we’ve increased our on-balance-sheet capital capacity to over $4 billion at year-end, and have brought our leverage ratios within our targets of 25% for financial leverage and 45% for total leverage. The increase in capital capacity in the standalone fourth quarter was mainly driven by capital generated from our businesses and a favorable impact from estimated statutory AAT reserves; net of about $600 million of dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. The fair value of the Japan equity hedge, which is not included in our capital capacity was about $1.7 billion at year-end. As John mentioned, we remain on schedule to recapture our VA living benefit rider and managed the risks in our statutory entities. We continue to believe this action will not have a negative impact on our available on-balance-sheet capital capacity, and expect it to contribute to our overall financial flexibility. As we noted, we will continue to manage the risks to AA standards and CTE 97 levels. We will provide more details as the recapture occurs during 2016. To address the current topic, our direct and indirect exposure to the energy sector at year-end was about 4% of our general account portfolio excluding the Closed Block. Our energy exposure is mainly through public and private corporate fixed maturities, of which roughly 90% are investment grade, and net of unrealized losses of about $200 million. Turning to the cash position of the parent company, cash and short-term investments net of outstanding commercial paper amounted to about $5 billion as of year-end. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion of liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to deploy over time for strategic and capital management purposes. Now, I’ll turn it back over to John.
Robert Falzon: Ryan, it’s Rob. Happy to do so. First let me caveat that, obviously, we can’t update guidance or initially update our year-end numbers. And actually, if you don’t mind, what I’m going to do is, I’m going to take the liberty of anticipating your follow-up question which is thinking about the same question in the context of what the impacts may be to our earnings. And so let me hit both of those in the same - at the same time if that’s okay. And actually I’ll just start with the earnings, because I think that’s relatively straightforward. If you look at the performance in the fourth quarter, what we would note is that there have been no changes in the underlying business fundamentals from the point which we provided guidance. We knew and communicated about the level and timing of expenses. And we stated that we expected 2016 to be about $0.15 over these levels. With regard to the sensitivity to the capital markets, specifically to the question you asked, I think we’ve given those - the guidance on that out before, about a 100 basis points plus or minus and interest rates is $0.20 a share, and equity markets plus or minus 10% is about $0.30 a share, excluding our alternatives portfolio. On the capital piece, we actually don’t provide similar rules of thumb for capital. And it’s primarily because it’s not linear and it’s also subject to management actions. We actively obviously manage that capital position. But I have a couple of observations. First, if you look historically, the two largest drivers to our capital volatility in response to markets has been in our annuities business and as a result of AAT updates. So let me turn to AAT first. If you pro-formaed the decline in interest rates since year-end back on our calculation at the end of last year, it would not have a material impact on the year-end calculation. And the reason for that is there are three components for the AAT calculation in addition to assumptions, three market components. It’s underlying treasuries, but it also reflects credit spreads. So while treasuries have come down, credit spreads have expanded pretty dramatically. And it’s also the calculation is floored off the - it’s keyed off the five-year treasury and that has an impact as well. So turning from AAT to the annuities business, as you know, we are in the process of recapturing the risks that we ceded out to our captive. There are number of motivations for undertaking to do this. One of which is to reduce the volatility in capital and leverage that has been associated with market movements historically in that business, and as a result of that captive. It’s inappropriate for me to comment further. Given that we’re still on process. But I’d caution you to remember or encourage you to remember that it’s our expectation that we will be substantially less sensitive to rate movements going forward in the annuities business subsequent to the completion of that recapture. And actually, let me add one last thought. And that is that while the market movements are certainly not welcome, they are not by any means unexpected or unanticipated. And what I mean by that is the degree of movement that we’ve seen so far this quarter is anticipated in our own cyclical stresses, that we consider before we make decisions about how we’re going to be deploying capital during the course of the year. We run those stress scenarios in order to ensure that we can execute on our plans in the face of what we think of as moderate or cyclical levels of market volatility, and what we’ve seen to date would fit within that definition.
Robert Falzon: I think I can answer that question. Yes, so if you look at the expected level of our earnings across the - if I look at first the U.S. portfolio, for the fourth quarter our expected level of earnings was about - total was 9.3 - hang on one second.
Robert Falzon: Yes. Yes. I am actually not finding that right up, but let me come back to that, Ryan, if it’s okay.
Robert Falzon: Nigel, it’s Rob. So let me hit the first question. I can’t actually give you the AAT number, because we have not yet filed our statutory numbers, our statutory blank, so the front-running are filing with the regulators. I would note it was a significant contributor to our increased capacity. There are a lot of inputs there. They’re not limited to just interest rates. It also includes assumption updates. But if you look at where we are versus the end of last year, treasury rates are little higher and credit spreads have expanded as well. And those of both been positives for AAT release in addition to whatever assumptions that we’ve taken there, so it was a positive and significant contributor. On the second piece, on the portfolio, so if you look at our - what we label as our non-coupon or alternatives portfolio, it’s about - it’s a little under $8.5 billion portfolio. The biggest pieces of that would be in private equity. It’s about a quarter of it, hedge funds figure that’s 15% or so of what’s in there, and then, real estate, which is about $1.5 billion of that number. The residual would actually be in public equities, and so we have a fairly significant contribution in what we call as our non-coupon or our alternatives coming from public equities, largely held in our international business. A big piece of that would be in REITs.
Robert Falzon: So, John, it’s Rob. Let me just take a stab at responding to that. So a couple of thoughts. One, understand, we actually do very actively manage our portfolio. We manage that portfolio in the context of a very-disciplined ALM. And so we would be - want to be careful about doing any kind of restructuring of that portfolio that would cause breakage between what is to be appropriate construct on the asset side particularly from a duration standpoint and an FX standpoint against the liability side. That’s one. Two, we’re also sensitive to not wanting to do mechanical transactions, which on the substance of it would - on the surface of it would appear to have good accounting outcomes, but not change the economic outcome in any way. So we really don’t undertake to play those sorts of games with our portfolio. And then third, I think as we think about stock buybacks, I think I have delivered this message before. And it’s consistent with how we think about it, which is that we are - we think ourselves as very good stewards of our capital capacity. Stock buybacks are an important component of that stewardship. But we think about that in the context of delivering current returns back to our shareholders as a complement to our dividends as opposed to using an opportunistically to speculate on the valuation of our stock vis-à-vis what’s fair value for that.
Robert Falzon: So the answer would be, no. That does not affect it. Remember that under GAAP, the valuation of our reserves is actually gone in a risk neutral construct. And obviously what we eliminate of the margin piece of that that’s in the GAAP reserve. It’s coming up with our hedge target. That in fact is not affected by the mix in the account values between equities and fixed income because there is a presumption that actually the account values are going to grow at the swap curve rate effectively, a little bit of a premium on the equity side. So while there’s always some level of differentiation associated with that between the equities and the fixed income, it’s not material and we would not expect as a result of changing of the portfolio from the auto rebalance to have a material outcome with regard to an unlock and/or impact on our K factor.
Robert Falzon: Well, I would, Tom, reflect back on some of the comments I made in answering Ryan’s initial question, which is, how we think about capital volatility sort of post year-end. And so, as I mentioned, the two biggest drivers of that being AAT and the annuities business. I think I walked through the AAT calculation, which is pro forma, put it back to the end of last year. There’s not a material difference in terms of that outcome. And so therefore, would not have changed capital capacity. The second piece of it on the annuities, as I mentioned there, the - our expectation as a result of the recapture of the risks that we ceded out to our captives is that we will be significantly less sensitive from a capital and leverage standpoint going forward to movements in the market. And so I can’t really comment on where we are in that process and what the exact sensitivity will be, because it’s not completed. But that is in fact the objective of that - or one of the objectives of that undertaking. And therefore, we would expect a level of reduced volatility all around relative to kind of market movements that we see.
Robert Falzon: Well, we haven’t given a specific date, Tom. But it is during the course of 2016 we expect that the recapture would occur and be completed by call it the middle of the year.
Robert Falzon: So, Suneet, it’s Rob. I think what we’ve said in the past I think still holds true, which is - actually if we look at our expenses for the entire year, they’re about consistent with what we were expecting, reflecting a number of the initiatives that we have, which are requiring near-term spending. But with that expectation or hope that those things that are outside of enhanced supervision, of which most of it is occurring outside of that, are going to have longer term payoffs in terms of positioning of our businesses and expanding our addressable market. That initiative spending, as I said, is consistent with what we expected for the year on a total-year basis. And when we gave our guidance, I think we mentioned that expectation would be about $0.15 above that level - or the level for 2015 going into 2016.
Robert Falzon: Yes. Again, not updating, but I would say from a business fundamental standpoint nothing has changed with our regard to our view to that. Obviously, market forces are outside of being able to actually predict that. And then, the usual things that we walk you through from a run rate standpoint around mortality and returns from alternatives, those are variables in the course of the quarter as well. But from a business fundamental standpoint the picture that emerged was consistent with the picture that we were seeing when we established guidance.
Robert Falzon: So, Michael, it’s Rob again. The level of stress testing that we see in the CCAR analysis and the sorts of things that we’re talking about internally, there is a high level of consistency there. In fact, I would suggest that actually across the spectrum of risks that we measure, the sort of things that we look at in our tail scenarios are actually more extreme than the sort of things that the banks are being asked to look at in the course of their CCAR test. Some of them are consistent, the equity one that you mentioned. Our assumption when we do our tail scenario is a 50% to 60% decline in equities by way of example to make it comparable. So there is not anything surprising in the way of the regulatory scenarios vis-à-vis the scenarios that we look at internally.
Stephen Pelletier: John, this is Steve Pelletier. I’ll answer that question. When you look at the retirement business, I’d speak to the following areas, first of pressure on the trend line in earnings. First is, as you say from non-coupon investments. That’s experienced across several of our U.S. businesses, but a lot of that impact is concentrated in the retirement business. Second is from lower reinvestment rates, in particular in the full-service business. And again our pressure from lower reinvestment rates is something that works across the U.S. businesses, but shows up to a large extent in full-service. Third has been some degree of record-keeping fee compression, that’s a trend we saw throughout 2015, although we do see it moderating in the latter part of the year. Now, the levers that work the other way, the levers that we manage in the face of those pressures, again it kind of really taking about the full-service business where a lot of this shows up. First, it’s the overall size of the book. We’ve made significant investments in the business over the past couple of years. Those investments have really been around improving service levels and the client experience, the actual participant experience. Those investments have led directly to meaningfully increase sales in the past couple of years and higher persistency. Second is crediting rate management. We’ve done some of that in each of the past couple of years and we have the latitude to take that further as appropriate and necessary. Third is management of unit costs. And a lot of our work around cost efficiency is focused across the board in our businesses, but in full-service as well. For example, some of the references we made to higher expenses in the fourth quarter in the retirement business were actually efficiency charges that we took, charges that we took to prepare for - taking steps that will drive further cost efficiency in that regard. And then finally, our focus on the total economics of a full-service case, including investment management opportunities in a given case. So that’s really where we’re - how we’re looking at the different types of pressures that show up in full-service. Having said that, like I say, the impact from non-coupon and the impact from spread compression shows up to a large degree in that business. Other parts of the retirement business such as pension risk transfer for example, we had a very solid quarter and a very solid year. And we look for further growth and further expansion of our results in those lines.
Stephen Pelletier: Tom, this is Steve, I’ll address that question. The algorithm and the auto rebalancing mechanism has been active in the face of this kind of market volatility, as you would expect. But it is really designed to manage the risk profile of an individual contract, and thereby, when you add up all those individual contracts, overall risk profile of the product line. It’s not designed to produce any type of change in short-term financial results and current financial results. It’s designed to effectively manage the long-term risk profile of the contract, especially as we’ve communicated in the past, especially tail risk.
Stephen Pelletier: Yes, Suneet. I’ll speak to that. And I’ll speak kind of give another level of detail on how we’re preparing for the DOL to fiduciary standard. We’ve been conducting extensive planning for it. And we expect it to be released in late March, early April. We don’t yet know the details of the final rules, but we are preparing for a full range of contingencies and degrees of potential impact on our businesses. A lot of our planning is focused on annuities, retirement and Prudential Advisors. In annuities, to address your specific questions, we said we’re taking measures to prepare first for increased service requirements on our part in support of our distribution partners; and second, taking steps on the product front. Now, in regard to - in regard to compensation structures and product, I note that we already have had for some time of fee-based options in place in a lot of our existing products. Those structures, those options have had limited uptake as of yet. But as the regulation takes hold, we may see further migration towards those structures. More broadly though and looking forward, we’re going to continue to evolve our product line and our product mix. We have already proven very successful in that sort of diversification over the past couple of years. And we’re going to continue to evolve that product line and mix to extend the franchise and address a larger portfolio of opportunities with, as John mentioned streamlined and simpler solutions. If I could, I’d just touch on retirement and Prudential Advisors as well, because I think it’s important to kind of give the perspective on how we’re seeing the break. In retirement, we will be adapting the communications that we have, that educate plan participants who are retiring or changing jobs on the options that they have for their retirement plan savings. And Pru Advisors, there will be on day one of the regulations effectiveness, there will be an immediate impact on our customer-facing activities. For example, we will - or already adapting our systems for the data collection and compliance that will be part of those customer-facing activities. And part of that, that systems move really entails accelerating the deployment of some technology platforms that we had already long since planned. I will just frame out the point that Prudential Advisors is a very important part of our retail distribution strategy. However, given the way we’ve reshaped our distribution platforms over the past decade or so, it today accounts for only about 20% of our retail life insurance, annuity and mutual fund sales. And so, as I say, I wanted to give you that flavor for the granular preparation we’re taking for the regulation. We do see coming back to your specific question, the potential for some disruption. But we feel that we have the strength of distribution relationships and the skills around distribution support and around product design and development that will enable us to make those necessary adaptations.
Stephen Pelletier: I will address that. This is Steve. Our appetite continues to be strong for this business. We have built a position of market leadership based on our capabilities, especially in the large case market. And we look to continue to earn that leadership by advancing a strong value proposition into the market. In terms of market volatility and its impact on plan sponsor, propensity to transact, I would say certainly funding levels have a - the funding levels matter. So impact of market volatility on those levels would matter. But on the other hand, I think that the really expectation now of prolonged low interest rates would also in and of itself make a plan sponsor think about transacting in the sense that the plan sponsor isn’t going to be able to inflate their way out of the issue at all. The rising interest rates and rising discount rates for the liability won’t relieve the matter. I would say that, when we think about the growth in the pipeline over the past couple of years, growth in the industry, and what we see in our pipeline, it’s been driven and will continue to be driven much more by factors that don’t really relate directly to capital markets. And those factors would be: number one, increased awareness and sensitivity to longevity risk and desire to transfer it; and number two, pretty much relentlessly increasing PBGC premiums. That’s what’s been the driver over the past year or two and we would consider those factors to remain drivers in the future.
