Alan Mark Finkelstein: Thank you, Cynthia. Good morning and thank you for joining our call. Representing Prudential on today's call are John Strangfeld, CEO; Mark Grier, Vice Chairman; Charlie Lowrey, Head of International Businesses; Steve Pelletier, Head of Domestic Businesses; Rob Falzon, Chief Financial Officer ; and Rob Axel, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. We will start with prepared comments by John, Mark, and Rob and then we will answer your questions. Today's presentation may include forward-looking statements. It is possible that actual results may differ materially from the predictions we make today. In addition, this presentation may include references to non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP measures and a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Statements and Non-GAAP Measure of our earnings press release which can be found on our website at www.investor.prudential.com. John, I'll hand it over to you.
Alan Mark Finkelstein: Suneet, let me just follow up on your question. If you look at page 18 of the QFS, we do break out total account values for longevity reinsurance and group annuities and other products, so you'll see those numbers there.
Alan Mark Finkelstein: But you do see the longevity, which is essentially the U.K. longevity block that we've added over the last couple years.
Robert F. Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'll now provide you an update on some key items under the heading of financial strength and flexibility. Starting on slide 21. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. For Prudential Insurance, we manage to a 400% RBC ratio. As of year-end, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 498%, with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $15 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our June 30 RBC ratio remains well above our 400% target after giving effect to results for the first half of the year, including a $2 billion dividend to the parent company in May following the completion of our Closed Block restructuring. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 844% and 882%, respectively, as of March 31, their fiscal year-end. These solvency margins are comfortably above our targets. Looking at our overall capital position on slide 22, we calculate our on-balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target and then add capital capacity held in Japan and other operations and at the parent company. As of year-end, we estimated our available on-balance sheet capital capacity at approximately $2 billion on a net basis. This represented about $4 billion of gross capital capacity less $2 billion earmarked to reduce capital debt to arrive at our long-term targeted financial leverage ratio of 25%. Net capital capacity on the same basis increased to over $2.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. During the second quarter, our estimated on-balance sheet capital capacity increased to over $3 billion. The current quarter increase was mainly driven by capital generated by our businesses and changes in interest rates, which had a modest positive net impact on our capital position. These increases to capital capacity more than offset about $500 million of distributions including $250 million each from share repurchases and our $0.58 per share quarterly dividend. As I mentioned, during the quarter Prudential Insurance paid a $2 billion dividend to PFI, the holding company. As a result of that dividend as well as other sources of capital generated, we were able to reclassify about $2 billion from capital debt to operating debt as this debt is no longer supporting capital needs within our businesses. As our outstanding debt matures, all else equal, funds will be available at the holding company to reduce overall borrowings. As a result, our financial leverage ratio is now below our targeted level of 25% and there is no adjustment to earmark a portion of our capital capacity for reduction of capital debt to arrive at this target. Our overall level of borrowings is essentially unchanged from year-end and our total leverage ratio is down modestly, reflecting the increase in our equity. The fair value of the Japan equity hedge, after subtracting the remaining unsettled amount that we locked in during the first quarter and already included in capital capacity, was about $2.2 billion at June 30. Turning to the cash position at the parent company, cash and short-term investments net of outstanding commercial paper amounted to about $5.6 billion as of June 30. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs, and to redeploy over time for strategic and capital management purposes. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert F. Falzon: Erik, it's Rob. Happy to do so. As I said, the capital that we generated this quarter was primarily from business earnings and there was a modest benefit from interest rates. The math is relatively straightforward, if you think about the guidance that we've given before. If you look at our after-tax operating income, you net from that the buybacks and dividends that we provided during the course of the quarter, and the rule of thumb that we use for business growth that has the amount of capital that needs to be put back into our businesses to finance their growth, you come up with a number that's pretty close to the $0.5 billion that we generated. So it comes primarily from the earnings that are generated at the business level. The capital hedge – I presume in that case you're referring to the FX equity hedge, actually did not have a material impact in this quarter. If you recall in the first quarter, we accelerated some of the – locked in, I should say, some of the gains associated with that. And so that included most of what we otherwise would've realized during the course of this quarter.
Robert F. Falzon: I think, Erik, the way I would respond to that is we had – I think the volatility was limited to a single quarter as opposed to volatility that you've seen on a consistent basis, first. Secondly, as we look at that capital capacity I think our inclination and philosophy toward redeployment has not changed. We look at holding a prudent amount of it to ensure that we retain and/or maintain a strong balance sheet and we otherwise look to redeploy that capital either to finance growth organically or inorganically and to keep a balanced distribution back to our shareholders as well.
Robert F. Falzon: We look at our interest – that particular under-hedge is looked at in the context of our overall interest sensitivity across the enterprise. At this point, we're comfortable with where we stand on that position. I think, as we've said before, we have a positive convexity toward interest rates, meaning that as rates rise we will benefit and we'll benefit more than we would suffer should rates decline. And we like that position at this point in the cycle.
Robert F. Falzon: Seth, I would point to the comment I made in my opening remarks about our leverage position, and specifically I would note that if you look forward to maturing operating debt that we've got during the course of this year, we've got about $2 billion worth of debt that matures in the second half of the year. We're sitting on a substantial amount, as you noted, cash at the holding company and we would expect to be able to pair those things off during the course of the year.
Robert F. Falzon: We have a lot of liquidity sitting at the holding company, and we don't – we would not, based on our current position, think that we would want to add to that liquidity by effectively rolling over our existing debt rather than look at the opportunity to just repay that as it becomes due in its natural course.
Robert F. Falzon: Tom, without benefiting from exactly how you're doing your calculations, I'd note a couple of things that have positively benefited our cash flow ratio, the most significant of which would be the Closed Block transaction. So as a result of that restructuring that we've talked about before, there's been a substantial freeing up of cash from the Closed Block business up to the parent holding company, and we've seen the benefit of that in our cash flow and, hence, that may be skewing the numbers that you're looking at. And, again, then depending on the timeframe that you're looking at, if you look at the positive convexity that I've mentioned that we have to interest rates, as interest rates have increased from their lows we have benefited from that and that frees up capital in a way that you don't see it coming necessarily from earnings, but from outside of earnings. Oh, and then I'm sorry, the one other point is the benefit from the yen hedge. So that's outside of our AOI number, but winds up. As we monetize that, we're able to get the cash from that and you've seen that, we've talked about that in the course of the first and second quarters, that yen has contributed to cash that has been available and is sitting at the holding company. The total of that, on an after-tax basis, in the first quarter we mentioned, was several hundred million dollars. And while it was not material in the second quarter, we've benefited from that in the cash position.
Robert F. Falzon: Well, the dividend this year was $2 billion from PICA, about $125 billion of that was associated with the Closed Block. So if you – you could do the math and figure out the attribution of that to our decline in the capital ratio. The decline in the financial ratio really came about by virtue of three things. That was the first. The second was we issued $1 billion of hybrids and 25% of that hybrid goes toward equity attribution and so that helps on the leverage ratio. And the third was just a growth in our earnings during the course of the quarter that increased the denominator.
Robert F. Falzon: We have not provided direct sensitivities of capital to interest rates, Tom. I think what we did say on Investor Day is that we've run stresses and I think what we ran was a 50 basis point decline, 50 basis point to 100 basis point decline in our – in levels of interest rates and looked at what that would do to our capital capacity, and the result of that was a relatively modest impact to our capital capacity and just a slight elevation to our leverage ratio, so I would say that we feel reasonably comfortable that our capital capacity is sustainable in a declining interest rate environment.
Robert F. Falzon: The debt reduction would actually be in the total leverage ratio would not affect our financial leverage ratio. So we've already re-characterized the debt that's to be repaid from financial to operating, so the $2 billion that's coming up will further reduce – will then repay operating debt. So our total financial ratio will decline from around 44% to around 42%, but there would be no impact on the reported financial ratio.
Robert F. Falzon: That's our targeted number and while we may bump above or below it, depending on any given quarter and particular situation that or opportunity that we're looking at, our intent is to have it hover around that number, yes.
Robert F. Falzon: Michael, it's Rob, I'll try to tackle that. First, let me answer the latter part of it. We actually brought down our long-term reversion rate, both in the U.S. and Japan, by 25 basis points, and that had a negative impact on our assumption update for the year. Offsetting that were positive drivers that we had. And if I had to sort of summarize them across the businesses, it would be that mortality was a positive impact both in our Life and Corporate and Other business. The annuity utilization rates, specifically on our GMIB product, was a positive impact, and then we had a positive impact from long-term disability termination rates. If you look at the AOI impact of that, I think as Mark highlighted, that was a positive of about $117 million, but importantly on a GAAP net income basis it was also a positive of about $60 million, and so while it had less of a positive impact on a GAAP basis we nonetheless had a positive outcome there as well. Did that answer your question without getting into specifics on any individual business? Happy to do so if you're looking for more detail.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Seth, this is Steve, I'll comment on that. I'm not going to attribute the positive case experience to any particular transactions or any particular part of the book. I will say that we call it out because we recognize that these are liabilities with longer average duration, about 9 years to 10 years on the funded side, as we spoke about, and about 8 years to 12 years on the longevity side. So we're not about to take the positive case experience and kind of bake it into our expectations, however, I will say that, as you pointed out, the consistent positive case experience does serve to bolster our already high confidence that we've priced this business appropriately and assessed the risks accurately.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Well, I wouldn't necessarily call it good luck. I'd call it, again, reflecting strong underwriting of the business. But, again, this would be something that we wouldn't expect to see the same type of number emerging from this every single quarter.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Suneet, this is Steve. I'll speak to the business that we've done in this quarter. As Mark mentioned in his comments, we had about $7 billion in sales in the quarter, of which about $1.5 billion was funded business and the remainder was in several different longevity transactions. In terms of the overall size of the book, we're looking for that data now and can provide it to you in due course.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, this is Steve, I'll address both your questions. We think the full service flows that we've seen reflect the investments we've made in the business to be – to lower our unit costs and manage our unit costs more effectively and to improve our persistency and our sales pipeline. So we think that the – like I say, the sales we've seen reflect our enhancement of our competitive position. By the same token, we still view this as a highly competitive business and one in which sales and flows will be fairly chunky over time. This quarter's sales did not reflect any particularly large jumbo cases on either the sales or on the withdrawal side, but for example, in – it's been publicly announced, in July, we closed the State of Connecticut business, which was over $4 billion. So we still view this as something that will, like I say, have its ups and downs and that we see as a highly competitive business in which we're going to maintain our pricing discipline. On Group benefits ratios, I'd segment it out into life and disability. In life, we think the guidance we've given of a target range for the benefit ratio between 88% and 92% still holds. This was a good quarter, at the lower end of that range, but still within the range. On disability, we've given a similar range of 88% to 92%. Quite frankly, I do think that range is rather stale, as we see our successful efforts in remediation of the existing book and as we in particular see our successful efforts in improving our claims management capabilities. We think there's the potential for, as things settle down in our remediation of this business for revising that target ratio over time. I don't have a different type of figure for you yet, but I would expect that as we take a look at that, we'll come up with something that is in between the 88% to 92% range at the high-end and where we are today at the low-end.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, I'll respond to that. I think some people have been asked on their calls do they see the DOL impact as a net-negative or a net-positive. We see it as a net-negative on the marketplace that we serve. We see the risk of individuals having restricted access to advice and certain types of solutions, in particular around guaranteed retirement income solutions. Just to give you a little bit of a flavor, the regulation itself is certainly voluminous and so is the industry commentary that has been made in response to the regulation. I think it's far too early to anticipate exactly what changes will ultimately be enacted and to give you an estimate of the impact of those changes. I can say that in our own comments, we highlighted a few different areas that really need clarification or outright amendment. To highlight a couple of those: like many in the industry, we believe that the fiduciary definition in the regulation, as drafted, is too broad, encompassing activities such as traditional marketing that were really never viewed as or intended to be fiduciary in nature. We also share concerns expressed by many others that the best interest contract exemption, as it's written and as it could be interpreted, would be highly problematic and could entail higher compliance burdens and costs and potentially higher legal exposures for industry participants. And we also highlighted where the DOL really needs to clarify and sharpen the distinction between education and advice. For us, in Prudential, as I highlighted on our last earnings call, we do believe that our market position, our mix of businesses, and the strength of our franchise will help us to adapt to any regulatory framework that emerges. We think that there are some aspects of our particular business model that benefit us in this regard. For example, most of our DC recordkeeping businesses is with cases with over 100 participants already, and that's relatively less impacted in this regulation. The investment platforms supporting both our Retirement and our Annuities businesses already operate on very much of an open architecture basis, and our own agency force, Prudential Advisors, sells a range of proprietary and non-proprietary products. So we think we're relatively well positioned to deal with an emerging regulatory framework. However, we still do view this, as I say, as something that has the potential for unintended negative consequences on the marketplace and the clients that we serve.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Eric, this is Steve. I think we've seen growth on both fronts. I think that, naturally speaking, the longevity reinsurance business, being reinsurance activities at its core, tends to be in higher tickets, higher transaction sizes. But as we've spoken about before, both in terms of earnings attribution and in terms of capital attribution, the funded business has higher earnings per dollar of account value and higher capital attribution. In terms of the solutions and what kind of marketplace is developing more rapidly, I would say that the U.K. longevity reinsurance industry has been established for several years now. There's a regular stream of transactions in the marketplace in what has become a relatively well-established business. The pension risk transfer business on the funded basis in the U.S. tends to be more episodic in nature. We still view the business as having developed very nicely over the past couple of years, but particularly in the large case market in which we tend to do most of our business, that's naturally going to be episodic in nature.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Well, Eric, I think on that front – this is Steve, again – it's just more a matter of the math. We have a very large in-force book and we have embarked on this product diversification effort for basically two years now. We've had, I think, remarkable success in altering our sales pattern over those two years, as Mark highlighted in his business commentary. But the plain mathematical fact of the matter is that it will take time for that altered sales pattern to have a significant impact on the nature of the in-force.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Michael, it's Steve. I'll tackle that. In regard to how we view a run rate for the business, I'd guide you to my comments that I made earlier about ROA. We're pleased with the progress on that front, but we still view this as a business where the sustainable ROA over time will be in the low-100-basis points ranging up to 105 basis points. In regard to reinsurance, we view that as a risk management initiative and tool. We do not see it as something that we intend to use to lever up our HDI sales. That's not how we view it at all. We continue to price our HDI product without regard to the reinsurance contract, for example. And conduct ourselves in the market accordingly. So I really emphasize that the reinsurance arrangement is purely a risk management tool, one of several at our disposal.
