Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the fourth quarter of 2022 relative to our third quarter results. As noted, pretax adjusted operating income in the third quarter was $1 billion, and resulted in earnings per share of $2.13 on an after-tax basis.  To get a sense for how our fourth quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items: First, variable investment income was below expectations in the third quarter by $295 million; next, we adjust underwriting experience by a net $165 million. This adjustment includes a placeholder for COVID-19 claims experience in the fourth quarter of $20 million for our International Insurance businesses. We expect a lower level of hospitalization claims due to the recent government supported industry revision of eligible benefits policyholders recovering from COVID-19 at home in Japan; and last, we expect seasonal and other items to reduce adjusted operating income by $166 million, primarily driven by the seasonally elevated expenses expected in the fourth quarter. These items combined get us to a baseline of $2.71 per share for the fourth quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the fourth quarter, earnings per share would be $2.96. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power improved due to business growth, including the benefit of higher interest rates that more than offset equity market depreciation. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 11. Our capital position supports our AA financial strength rating. Our cash and liquid assets were $5 billion at the high end of our liquidity target range after investing in our businesses to support long-term growth, including the capital to support our IBM pension risk transfer transaction. We have substantial off-balance sheet resources, including contingent capital and liquidity facilities. Over the long-term, a higher interest rate environment is economically beneficial. In the near-term, the current market environment and the annual assumption update reduce our regulatory capital and excess liquidity. We will remain prudent in our capital deployment, balancing the preservation of financial strength, investment in our businesses for sustainable long-term growth and shareholder distributions. Turning to slide 12 and in summary. We are executing our plans to reposition our businesses, we achieved our targeted cost savings one year ahead of plan, and we are navigating the current macro environment with the financial strength of our rock solid balance sheet. Now I'll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. Hey Tom, sure. I'll cover that. We did make a capital contribution of $1 billion to PICA, our main US life insurance company. And that is to support a high volume of business growth, including the IBM and other pension risk transfer transactions that we did. We also made a $200 million of contributions to fund a few international joint venture investments that's part of our programmatic M&A into emerging markets. And then as we mentioned and highlighted that we funded shareholder distributions of $800 million. The $500 million of net debt increase that we had as we refinance our debt profile was essentially offset by holding company costs, including interest. We did not have dividends from our subs in this quarter, the timing of dividends from our subs to the holdco tend to vary and tend to be greater in the fourth quarter and first quarter. Putting that all together, we ended with highly liquid assets, $5.1 billion, still above our target range. So in some, the primary reason our holdco HLA declined or highlight liquid assets declined was due to the $1.2 billion of business growth. I also -- I just thought it would be helpful to remind people what I said on our last call is that we expect the statutory funding needs for our US Life Insurance business, including our assumption updates to be comparable to our GAPP -- the GAAP impact that we recorded in 2Q. The reserve strengthening will be higher, stat is more conservative, and that's going to be fully reflected in our stat results in the fourth quarter. As I also mentioned on our last call, we have excess capacity already in Pika available to meet that need. So the combination of the capital that we contributed to support business growth this quarter and the excess capacity we had in Pika within Pika will remain with RBC ratios consistent with our AA financial strength target. In terms of shareholder distributions, we will complete our shareholder distributions for this year in the fourth quarter with both dividends and share repurchases. And as Charlie mentioned in his remarks, our capital plan for 2023 will be approved by the Board early next year. And as always, they'll consider our capital position, opportunities to invest in our businesses and now increasingly so, the volatility uncertainty of the economy and markets looking ahead. So we'll factor that all in. But we'll continue with our philosophy of being thoughtful and disciplined with our capital and balance investment in our businesses with long-term growth and maintaining financial strength and returning capital to shareholders.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Yes. Again, we're will complete -- we've already returned $7 billion through the third quarter. We'll complete our plans for this year. And again, our Board will factor in all the considerations that I mentioned into their decisions in early part of next year.
Ken Tanji: Yes, Ryan. Yes, the Bermuda sub that we launched earlier in the year is a good example of the levers that Charlie referenced. We have a new reinsurer in Bermuda. It's called Lotus Re. We did capitalize it with $800 million earlier this year, and we've reinsured a block of variable life business to it. So it will create capital efficiency, and it's a reinsurance capability that's sort of another tool in our toolbox going forward.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey, Suneet, yes, 65%, if you looked at our -- what we've generated in free cash flow from our businesses over time, that's been the average. It's been in some years higher than that and in some years, lower than that. Cash flow from our businesses this year is below our historical average. That's both as we continue to invest in our businesses for long-term growth, but also work through the statutory reserve increases in our life insurance businesses that we updated this year. So it will vary over time, but we think given our growth rates and our business profile, that's what our historical average has been.
Ken Tanji: Yes. I don't know what rule of thumb you're using on specific business lines, but it was -- for us, it was primarily related to not just the IBM transaction but the other deals that we did as well. And the growth in our FlexGuard business. And we continue to see good profitability and cash flows from our existing VA business as well.
Ken Tanji: Yes. There is, Suneet, is the rise in interest rates has been very swift. And over time, that will allow us to invest our insurance reserves at higher yields and improving profitability and cash flows. But in the near-term, our statutory surplus in the US business -- for our US business is reduced by what we consider a non-economic statutory reserve method that tends to manifest itself when rates rise, and we experienced unrealized and realized losses on our fixed income and derivatives. This is not unique to us. We believe it's an issue for the broader industry and it's uneconomic in nature and should be addressed. And there's a lot of discussions going on with regulators in the industry about this. So we'll manage the change in the rate environment, and we'll maintain regulatory capital is consistent with our AA financial strength objectives, but there is a short-term impact on our statutory capital.
Ken Tanji: Elyse, it's Ken. I'll start. And we have seen as the rise in rates and the rising yields have played out a better opportunity to invest at more attractive terms. And you see that leading to earnings improvement. But probably more importantly, will be the business growth, particularly with the with the pension risk transfer business that we just put on the books at the end of the third quarter.
Ken Tanji: Hey Erik, it's Ken. We are being more disciplined, but it's really timing. We see a lot of that coming into the fourth quarter as usual. And I wouldn't read too much into that. It's -- yes, we are being disciplined, but there's also timing considerations.
Ken Tanji: Yes. The Lotus Re is an internal reinsurance capability that's based in Bermuda. And we find that certain products in our initial use of it was with variable life that we find that the regime there, which is a very robust reserving standard is more principle-based and is better aligned with the economics of that business.  And as a result, by transferring that to reinsuring that to that regime, we get releases of reserves and capital in PICA. And again, it's our efforts to really align the economics of our businesses with reserve and capital standards that are robust and risk sensitive, recognize the nature of the business and are a better fit for that type of business.
Ken Tanji: Yes. So Alex, the -- PICA is generating statutory capital with its business profile. But the size of the business growth that we experienced this quarter was pretty high and unique. And that's why -- we thought it was a very attractive use of capital and deployed capital for that purpose. We acknowledged that the assumption update would require funding needs, and that was a use of capital as well. But we had -- at the time of the second quarter, we had -- we're well-positioned to absorb that capital requirement within PICA, including the -- using the cash flow and statutory surplus that's being generated by our businesses. We'll be looking at the fourth quarter and evaluating again -- well, and I should mention, as I also described, we have had some short-term capital that is being held in reserves potentially for what we consider non-economic reserving given the rise in rates. And then we'll, again, as we always do in the fourth quarter, look at our capital position, our opportunities to deploy capital attractively and make sure we're maintaining PICA at our AA financial strength standards.
Ken Tanji: And Alex, I'll just add. We also have a very established hedging program with our Japanese business that hedges both earnings and the net equity position. And given the strength of the dollar that has a $1.8 billion gain at the end of the third quarter.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. Hey, Mike, this is Ken. All the deals are a little different. I don't think putting out a benchmark is – would be appropriate.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Tracy, it will be higher. But again -- and because generally because the stat is more conservative and it's also -- it's just different. But again, we have capacity to absorb that, and we still hold that view.
Ken Tanji: No, I'm sorry. When we took the charge, we believe that we had and we continue to believe we have capacity to absorb that within PICA's excess capital position as a result.
Ken Tanji: It would be higher again. We're still finalizing those. That will be finalized in our fourth quarter results. But again, we have the capacity to absorb that within PICA, and we'll continue to maintain RBC ratios consistent with our AA standards.
Ken Tanji: Yes, Tom, in our holding company, cash position will vary depending upon the timing of when we issue debt or debt matures or we call it. We've consistently made it a good practice to prefund maturing and callable debt 12 to 18 months in advance. And this -- what this does is it reduces our refinancing risk and enables us to be selective in the timing of debt funding relative to particular market conditions. In August, we issued $1.5 billion of debt and we've earmarked that for debt that's callable next year. The timing was good. We're happy with the outcome. And we're going to continue to prefund debt as a good practice. And overall, though, if you looked at our level of debt over the last three years, it's been at a fairly consistent level. It will vary depending on timing of maturities and issuance. But overall, it hasn't changed that much. We also have, as we continue to highlight contingent sources of debt. So overall, we feel very good about the level of our debt that's consistent with our AA financial strength rating and how we manage refinancings of our debt very well as well.
Charlie Lowrey: Hey, Tom, it's Charlie. Let me just add one thing because I think part of your question is about can we execute on a long-term plan. And I'll just take it up a level and say we have additional levers we can pull and resources that we can use to do just that, to execute on our long-term plan.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure, Tracy, it's Charlie. Let me take that one. So let me start by saying we remain totally focused on executing on our transformation strategy to become a less market-sensitive and higher-growth company. As you've seen, we've made a number of programmatic acquisitions in PGIM and emerging markets and in the second quarter, we completed two key divestitures that reduced our overall market sensitivity by 20%, so we're well on our way. Now, our path may not be linear as different growth opportunities present themselves at different times. And I would note that our diverse set of businesses provides opportunities to grow in different market environments as we've seen with this market environment, and we're well-positioned to benefit from this diversification. For instance, in the third quarter, our Retirement Strategies business did nearly $15 billion of sales, including a significant PRT transaction that demonstrate our leadership position in this market where we believe there's just tremendous growth potential going forward. But our business system is also self-reinforcing and as an example, the recent IBM PRT -- with the recent IBM PRT transaction, which is in the institutional retirement business. That also brought in over $8 billion in AUM to PGIM. So by saying we're focused on our high-growth businesses, naming PGIM and emerging markets, doesn't mean we're not looking to grow our other businesses as well. So, in summary, what I'd say is we're definitely committed to becoming a higher growth, less market-sensitive company. But our progress will depend upon a couple of things. One is the opportunities that arise, and the second is the macroeconomic conditions.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure. Let me take that. This is Charlie. First, I'll deal with both annuities and then talk a little bit about life. We're really pleased with the valuation for the block of traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits that we sold as evidenced by the gain on sale we reported. And we'll continue to explore possible additional opportunities to de-risk in-force blocks of traditional VA business. We expect to reach our goal of reducing market sensitivity through the pallet transaction we just completed and through the natural runoff of traditional variable annuities business over time and as we're not in a position of having to do another transaction. But having said this, we'll continue to explore possible additional opportunities, but we'll only do something, as we've said before, if it's in the best interest of stakeholders. So that's on the annuity side. On the Life block side, as we've noted in the past, we've dedicated resources to looking at various opportunities aligned with our strategy of becoming a higher growth and less market-sensitive company. And as a result, we'd certainly consider opportunities for a life sub-block if they came our way, but with the caveat that it has to make sense for shareholders. So we're going to be disciplined in our approach as the individual life business continues to be core to our purpose.
Charlie Lowrey: Hey, Tom, it's Charlie. I'd just reiterate what I said in the beginning as well. We believe we have other levers and resources by which to execute on our plan. So there are -- you can look at it in the one way you did. But on the other hand, as Ken said, and as we've reiterated throughout the call, we have other means by which to execute on our plan as well.
Charlie Lowrey: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us today. Before I conclude, I want to acknowledge the unexpected passing of George Paz last week, a member of Prudential's Board of Directors for the past six years. George was an integral member of our Board, with a unique perspective and deep business experience that helped us shape our thinking on a multitude of issues. He will be greatly missed and remembered as both a trusted adviser and as a friend. I hope we demonstrated during this call, the progress we're making to transform Prudential to deliver sustainable long-term growth and meet the evolving needs of our customers. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our strategy and the strength of our company. For nearly 150 years, Prudential has been there for its customers and other stakeholders, who we will continue to serve as we strive to be a global leader in expanding access to investing insurance and retirement security. Thank you again for joining us today.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. First, congratulations to Scott, your retirement, Andy, Carolina in your new role. I'm wondering, given your progress to-date and thinking about market opportunities, do you feel like you need to elongate the three-year timetable of reallocating $5 billion to $10 billion of capital to higher growth less market-sensitive business.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. I just wanted to revisit the statutory reserve charge you'll be taking in the fourth quarter. Just help me understand better why it would be comparable in size on the GAAP side? Because as you mentioned, statutory reserves are more conservative. I mean, I would imagine there'd be some cushion there, if you could elaborate on the compatibility.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. When you say higher, you mean on absolute terms or the contribution will be higher, a little bit confused.
Andy Sullivan: So, Tracy, it's Andy. And first, let me thanks for -- I appreciate the congratulations. You probably could tell we're exceptionally proud of our team and of our capabilities in our pension risk transfer business. The fact that we conducted the second largest transaction in history is second only to the ground breakage transaction we did with General Motors about a decade ago for $29 billion. This transaction, we did split 50-50 between us and another provider. And for clarity, the decision to split a deal is made by the plan sponsor versus carriers bidding together. As we look forward, we don't think deal splitting will be atypical and we will always be open to that type of situation depending on the deal's characteristics. Overall, the market in pension risk transfer remains very robust. The industry experienced a third successive record-breaking quarter. Third quarter came in at $28 billion, which was a 60% increase from last year. Funded status remains near record levels at 106%. So, we now expect this year, as you heard in Charlie's remarks to come in above $50 billion for the industry, and we believe that we'll consistently see about $40 billion going forward. Given the size of that market, despite that it's a competitive market, we expect, given our industry-leading track record and our capabilities, we're going to continue to find success at picking our spots. And net-net, this will be a nice organic growth area for us over time.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. So, Ryan, it's Andy again. Good morning. Thanks for your question on the Individual Retirement business. We're very pleased with the momentum that we're seeing this quarter. Let me speak first about our core earnings progress, and then I'll talk about our continued success at FlexGuard. We saw a material lift in our core earnings, thanks primarily to the change in the interest rate environment. And that's both on the short and long end of the curve. We get lift from interest rates on our collateral on the short end, and we're getting lift on the long-term side in our portfolio as well. And we're seeing the FlexGuard block grow. That's why you saw the step-up in our core earnings. And I would just kind of go back to what Ken said earlier, higher rates are a good thing overall for Prudential. Additionally, we're very pleased with the continued progress at building a very healthy FlexGuard block of business. Quarter in and quarter out, we remain a top share player in the market. We've achieved $11 billion in sales life to date. We very much like the profitability of the block that we've brought into the organization. And at the end of the day, kind of back to the organic growth discussion, we see the retirement decumulation opportunity in the country as a very good growth opportunity and we have all the right stuff to capture it.
Andy Sullivan: Hey, John, good morning, it's Andy. I'll talk about our COVID. We intentionally, as we've talked about many times in the past, manage our business mix to have a good balance between longevity and mortality. That absolutely paid us dividends all throughout the pandemic. During 3Q, the US experienced 42,000 deaths, which was 17,000 more than our estimate. But the fact is we continue to see a declining impact from COVID in the US. Let me just hit a little bit about each business. In Group Insurance, our life benefit ratio was 91.4%. It did reflect pre-pandemic mortality. That was slightly elevated due to accidental death and dismemberment claims that we very much see just as a natural quarter-to-quarter variability, nothing more. We're very pleased that we continue to see working age guests and its impact on working as continuing to decline. In Individual Life, we saw our mortality actual to expect it at the low end of our range, 97%. And we saw particularly good performance in the smaller face amount bands, and that is typically where we would see the COVID experience show up. In Institutional Retirement, we did see underwriting gains above our seasonalized expectations, particularly in pension risk transfer, but again, not surprising given the average age of that block of business. So the bottom line is, given the balanced mix of businesses that we have, we very much expect this will be very manageable as COVID continues to shift into an endemic state.
Andy Sullivan: Yeah, John, it's Andy. I'll take your question on flows. As we've always talked about, flows will vary quarter-to-quarter. So we stay very focused on our long-term track record. In Q3, we experienced third-party net outflows of $4 billion, driven on the retail side. Institutional net flows remained positive with strong positive flows into both Jennison equity and real estate debt. So showing the benefit of our diversified portfolio. We're very pleased with our positive $9 billion in institutional flows year-to-date. I would also note that, we experienced good affiliated flows. So from our insurance transactions, like the IBM transaction, we saw $7 billion in affiliated flows in Q3 and $14 billion year-to-date. That is a very important part of our strategy, and it reflects the synergies between our liability generation capability as well as our asset management capability. To your specific question about retail outflows were $4.6 billion that was a marked improvement from the $8.3 billion last quarter. Much like the rest of the industry, we continue to be impacted by headwinds in both active fixed income and growth equity. As far as where are the flows going, the flows are tending to go into passive, and in the short-duration strategies, we're obviously not a passive player. As far as FX impacts, we really haven't seen anything material to speak of. At the end of the day, we're highly confident that our diversified product portfolio has us well positioned that as the environment settles down and stabilize and flows start to shift back in, we have the experience to succeed and will be a net winner as we always have been. As we've talked about before, we've experienced 18 out of 19 years of positive inflows.
Andy Sullivan: Yeah. And Elyse, it's Andy. I would just add, we have a lot of momentum in our institutional retirement business. We have exceptional people, great capabilities, great brand and distribution systems, that's really second to none. And obviously, you've heard about that from a pension risk transfer perspective. But we had $13.5 billion in sales and institutional retirement. So it goes well beyond just pension risk transfer. We also had $1.5 billion in investment-only stable value and $1.2 billion in longevity reinsurance. So we have very good momentum, and it was a banner quarter for us in Institutional Retirement.
Scott Sleyster: Thanks, Elyse. This is Scott. During the quarter, Japan experienced the largest surge of COVID cases since the beginning of the pandemic. Japan sort of did a really good job upfront, but Omicron hit them hard much later. The new infections were mainly concentrated in younger ages and they peaked in August, I think, at like over 240,000. They have since declined quite significantly. I think they're running around 40,000 today. So they're down to about one-sixth to where they were. From the beginning of the pandemic and consistent with regulatory guidance, A&H claims provided for a policyholder payments related to hospitalizations irrespective of whether the patient actually checked into the hospital. So with the large sets of COVID cases, we did, in fact, see a big spike in A&H claims, which is what you were seeing. Starting September 26, the industry in agreement or with support from the government determined that hospitalization benefits will no longer be paid if the insured individuals are not actually in the hospital with very few exceptions, things for people over 65 or pregnant women and certain serious comorbidities. So we expect the change here to be pretty dramatic in the fourth quarter. First of all, the infection levels are down a great deal and then the qualification levels have been substantially restricted. I think Ken already mentioned that we've got a placeholder for $20 million versus the $180 million for the fourth quarter. So we'll continue to closely monitor the situation. And as in the past, we remain focused on really taking care of our customers, but also looking out for our employees and maintaining the strength of our distribution channels.
Scott Sleyster: Thanks, Erik. This is Scott. I'll go ahead and take that. There are several things that go on from the strength of the US dollar. On the one hand, you will have a cohort of customers who have bought kind of investment products, and they may want to terminate to take a gain if it's a net positive versus any surrender charge. And for people that have permanent life they may be thinking about reducing coverage because a certain dollar amount will provide more yen coverage, which is ultimately typically what they're looking for.  I think your question focused more on the sales side. With the dollar being this strong, we think people that will be looking for US dollar products will be sizing down their purchase again because in general, they are looking back to the coverage of the -- of ultimately how it covers them in yen. That being said, two other good things, I think, are going on with higher rates, US dollar investment products do look more attractive. And ultimately, overtime, while we have some short-term headwinds because we use swaps to hedge. In the long fall, this will add to our net investment income, which we view is a tailwind in that market.
Scott Sleyster: Thanks Alex. This is Scott. We've been operating in Japan for a long time. And in my many years here, I've seen the yen as low as in the high 70s to as high as it is today. So, as that happens, customer preferences will shift, and so we'll see more yen sales, for example, if dollar products get priced too high. On the other hand, we may see more dollar deposit type products that will be more attractive in the bank or other parts of the Gib channel related to where the dollar is. So, I'd say fundamentally, we have the ability to adapt and we've demonstrated that we've done that over time. I guess, what I would come back to is, I would say, we're very disciplined in how we price our business in Japan. Part of the reason you've seen the bank channel down is we are – we've maintained our discipline around profitability. We haven't been chasing deposit products when the margins were really tight. So I feel very good about the franchise we have there. We see less price sensitivity in channels where we have a preferred position like Life Planners and some of the affinity groups. And we'll adapt the product mix based off of customer demand, but we're always going to keep our pricing discipline front and center.
