Robert F. Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'm going to give you an update on some key items under the heading of financial strength and flexibility. Starting on slide 22, we continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. For Prudential Insurance, we managed to a 400% RBC ratio. As of year-end, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 498%, with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $15 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio as of the end of the first quarter is well above our 400% target. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 909% and 898% as of their December 31, 2014, which is their most recent reporting date. These are comfortably above our 600% to 700% targets. Our Japanese companies will soon report solvency margins as of their March 31, 2015 fiscal year-end. And while calculations are not yet final, we expect that we will continue to be in a strong position relative to our targets. Looking at our overall capital position on slide 23, we calculate our on balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% target RBC ratio, and then add capital capacity held in our other operations including in Japan and of the parent company. As of year-end, we estimated our available on balance sheet capital capacity at approximately $2 billion on a net basis. This represented about $4 billion of gross capital capacity, less $2 billion to pay down debt in order to arrive at our long-term targeted financial leverage ratio of 25%. During the first quarter, our estimated gross on balance sheet capital capacity increased from about $4 billion to over $4.5 billion. On a net business, after earmarking roughly $2 billion for debt paydowns to arrive at our targeted 25% financial leverage ratio, capital capacity at the end of the first quarter increased to over $2.5 billion. The increase in our net capital capacity during the quarter was the result of capital generated by our businesses and the benefit of about $500 million after tax from our Japan capital hedge, including about $300 million from cash settlements and $200 million from hedges that were locked in. These contributors to our capital capacity more than offset a modest net negative decline from interest rates in the quarter. And about $500 million of shareholder distributions, including $250 million of share repurchases and our quarterly dividend of $0.58 per share. The fair value of the Japan capital hedge, after subtracting the first quarter settlements and lock-ins would be about $2 billion as of the end of the quarter. Turning to the cash position at the parent company, cash and short-term investments, net of outstanding commercial paper, amounted to about $3.7 billion as of the end of the first quarter. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to deploy over time for strategic and capital management purposes. Now, I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert F. Falzon: Jimmy, it's Rob Falzon. The primary driver to the difference between the tax rate we gave at guidance, which was actually just a little under 27%, and the number that you're seeing in our first quarter results was the decreases in taxes in Japan. We blend that it into our overall tax rate as a result of the earnings that we keep there versus repatriating, we wind up with the delta that you've seen and that number, the 25.6%, is the number that we think is sustainable for the year.
Robert F. Falzon: Well, I would merely observe that we do look at tail events and we try to take that risk off the table, as I indicated. So while we don't have a construct in place to the extent that that's stress testing, as we anticipate, we'll be looking at severe scenarios. That's the risk that we try to address through our capital protection framework that we don't tolerate and don't want to see that variability come in on a quarter to quarter basis. With regard to the variability quarter to quarter, yeah, there'll be some noise in our capital capacity as a result of interest rate movements. We'd expect as interest rates move back up that that will add to our capital capacity in the way that it is moderately trimmed on capital capacity in this quarter as we described.
Robert F. Falzon: And I don't have a specific forecast on what that would do to our capital capacity. Obviously, what happens is as those are running off the reserves in the pad that we have in those reserves burns off as well and then, we'll establish some level of increase in our capital capacity.
Robert F. Falzon: So, I assume, Tom, you're referring to the impact of AAT, and I'd sort of make two observations. The first is that...
Robert F. Falzon: Yeah, Okay. So the VA sensitivity, as I described, further declines in interest rates – that volatility is substantially muted to further declines in interest rates because of the impact of the – of options in our hedging strategy. And so, it is likely that what you'll see, as you look forward, is if interest rates were to move down further, you would see that the declines there would be more muted and would continue to be substantially offset by the gains that we would have in other parts of the enterprise. And we try to calibrate it just that way. With outside of Pruco Re, with respect to the broader impact of AAT, I would reiterate what I said before, which is a substantial portion of our AAT increased during the course of last year was a result of model refinements. The actual impact resulting from interest rates was a smaller component of that. And as we look forward, we would expect, therefore, that the impact from AAT would not be particularly draconian, but that'll be a function of actually where interest rates wind up at year end. I think as you know, there's a – the way that formula works, there's a flooring mechanism, which is calibrated off the five-year and so as rates continue to decline, the impact from AAT actually gets moderated as those rates go down.
Robert F. Falzon: Well, that $2 billion – the fair value of that will fluctuate as the currency exchange rate fluctuates, Tom. So to the extent that there's appreciation of the yen, the $2 billion would be a lesser number on a go-forward basis. Putting that aside, which is that it will reflect where exchange rates are, it reflects where they are today. On an absolute basis, whatever that number is, it is completely available as capital to us and does not otherwise need to be held back for any reserves.
Robert F. Falzon: So that $2.6 billion will be redeployed out of corporate and other, and hence why we've called out the gain in corporate other associated with it. The way in which it gets deployed was contemplated in the guidance that we established at the beginning of the year. And so, there's a range of things that we could do with that that vary between debt reduction and M&A and distributions to shareholders. So without getting – being particularly specific about that, what I would note is how we deploy that will influence where we thought in the range of guidance we might come out and the expectation is that that would be happening in a – that we would get it out of corporate and other on a relatively rapid basis, meaning in the next quarter or two.
Robert F. Falzon: No, that is factored in the – the capital capacity that exists is factored in and that is part of the $2 billion dividend that we'll be getting out of PICA that was approved by our regulators.
Robert F. Falzon: Steve, it's actually Rob. That quantification is against an average for the year, so it is not adjusted for seasonality.
Robert F. Falzon: But even in the fourth quarter, I don't have this number right in front of me, but there were gains on duration management derivatives of several hundred million dollars that went the other way from the move you're talking about. So, the answer is, yes, there was some of that in the fourth quarter. There were less other things that mitigated the overall impact, but there was a meaningful, meaning several hundred million dollars, going the other way in other derivative marks. And you can find it if you go back and look, or call Mark, we'll tell you the answer. I don't remember the exact number.
Mark B. Grier: Sure, let me take those in order, Jimmy. And let me start by making some overall comment about sort of the rate environment and how we approach pricing, and then I'll get into the bank channel and then I'll answer your second question. But my first comment is an important one, and that is we have expected profitability targets for each of our products, and margins may vary or hurdle rates may vary on specific products, but every product has to stand on its own merit. So we don't have loss leader products in any sense. As a result, we continue to examine our product lineup and its profitability, adjusting pricing when necessary to reflect lower rate levels, and we also reduce commissions or discontinue sales of certain products that can't meet profit expectations. As an example, Gibraltar Life stopped selling a six-year single premium endowment product effective at the end of this quarter just because we thought we should eliminate it from the product lineup. So in terms of an overall framework with which we think about profitability, we really have three different aspects to it. You can think of three circles, and we talked about this before. But first, you have the customer need and you have to provide products to fulfill those needs. Secondly, you have product profitability and each product, again, has to stand on its own relative to the hurdle rate we've established for it. And third, you have business mix, which is how much of any given product do we want to sell relative to return and to risk. So, if we think about that relative to the bank strategy, what I would say is that we have a very differentiated strategy relative to others. When we first acquired Star/Edison, there were over 100 banks in total, but consistent with what we've done in the independent agency channel or even with the number of life consultants we have, we reduced the number of relationships focusing on quality product and service and focusing on fit with our partners. We now have about 60 partners that currently offer our products and we sold through over 90% of them this past quarter. So, three points of differentiation that affect the profitability of our product within the bank segment. First is that we provide exceptional service to our banking partners. We cover the banks with over 200 (35:36) that come from Life Planners and this will get to the other comment in a minute about Life Planners. And so we don't necessarily have to have the lowest price. We have to have a reasonable price on our product, but we don't have to have the lowest price because we're not spread-sheeted, we're thought of in a different way and that is the relationship we have with the banks and the service we provide to them. That leads to the second point, which is our focus on death protection. So, the majority of our sales include mortality and expense margins. In other words, 70% of our first quarter sales had an M&E component to it. Additionally, we have a higher proportion of recurring premium insurance products, as opposed to just having savings products. So, two-thirds of the recurring premium insurance products are 10 Pay and longer, they're just not three Pay accelerated to a single premium. But in terms of single premium, the single premium annuity life products we do sell through the channel are re-priced twice a month, taking into account current interest rates, and most have MVA features. So we feel very good about the differentiated strategy we employ, the mix of products we sell, and the resultant profitability of the business. So that hopefully answers your first question.
Mark B. Grier: Now, in terms of the second question, in terms of LP count and why it was up so much, you may recall that last year we said that we had a very high number of Life Planners that moved over to become sales managers and they transferred over in April of 2014. That has led directly to higher recruiting. Now, it takes a while for those sales managers to get up to speed, to train, to start looking for recruiting, but what we said back then in the second quarter call was that we would expect to see a larger number of LPs come on board at the end of the year or the beginning of this year. So there's really a couple of things happening. There is much higher recruiting that's taking place as a result of the higher number of sales managers, but there's also fewer terminations given the amount of business that we're doing. Now, in terms of the overall LP count, what we can say is that if you look over a five-year period, you really see a lower growth rate than this quarter. So if you were to average out the LP count in Japan, it's really over five years been sort of 1% to 2%. We've had some quarters that are flat, maybe some that are a little negative if we've transferred a lot of LPs over to SMs, but in general – and then some that have been higher as a result of that. But in general, it's sort of 1% to 2%. If you look at the Life Planner business as a whole within PII, you'll see that the Life Planner growth over five years has been sort of 2% to 3% because you have a higher growth rate in places like Brazil and perhaps some others. But that's generally what you expect. So this is higher than we'd normally expect, but you'd expect some aberration quarter-to-quarter depending upon the dynamics of how many people we've transferred and what's going on.
Mark B. Grier: Erik, this is Mark. Let me start off with a comment on capital standards. As you know, we don't yet have capital standards. We're constructively engaged in the process of developing capital standards with the Federal Reserve domestically, but also as part of a number of moving parts on the international arena. And I think it's early to speculate on the context of stress test and short-term volatility without the underpinning of the genuine view of capital. And as you know, the way we've talked about it and the points I made, for example, about margins and reserves on Investor Day, we take a longer term view of the loss absorption capacity of the company, which is, in many respects, a totally separate point from short-term accounting volatility. And so I'd be thinking about the fact that loss absorption capacity and quarterly accounting volatility are very different points. The real constructive approach to solvency and stress testing will focus on loss absorption capacity and the assets that we have available to meet all of our obligations. However, they're categorized as line items on the GAAP financials. And I'll ask Rob if he wants to add anything to that and then let him take the second.
Mark B. Grier: They would directionally offset. They aren't perfectly hedged but you'll see derivative marks going the other way from the specific impact of interest rates on the VA living benefit hedge. Now, keep in mind there are a lot of moving parts in that VA living benefit hedge. So you can't always look at that and make a linear connection to interest rates either. But I think the answer to your question is there are directional offsets in other parts of the company, as Rob referenced, that mitigate the impact of interest rates directly on the VA living benefit.
Mark B. Grier: Yeah. So as I mentioned, what happens is as rates get lower and we remove the tail risk associated with continued lower interest rates, the hedging strategy that we have kicks in such that we have a significantly more muted effect at current levels than we would have at levels that would have been mid 2% range.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve. I'll comment on the asset front. Generally speaking in PRT, on the funded side, we experience about $700 million in runoff on a quarterly basis and on the longevity side, about $400 million.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Yaron, this is Steve Pelletier. Let me address your question and I'll address it more broadly and then touch upon a few particular areas, including the Annuities business. First off, just let me say right up-front that we certainly support a regulatory framework that helps ensure client confidence in the advice, the services and the solutions they receive. We're reviewing the proposed regulation and we will be participating in the industry commentary. As it stands today, as it's written today, the proposed regulation would certainly have some industry-wide impacts of increased compliance costs for starters. At the same time, though, we think that our business mix and the strength of our franchises position us pretty well for adapting to any changes that are brought about by this regulation. Let me give examples of that in three areas of potential impact that are being widely discussed. First, IRA rollovers. As it stands today, the regulation could make that process more complicated. But the IRA rollovers that we do directly with clients are a modest portion of our overall business mix. And if these regulations do result in a higher retention of assets and DC plans, that would be a positive offset that we'd have in our Retirement business. Second, speaking of Retirement, let me talk for a minute about DC record keeping. Our business in that space has a couple of key risk mitigants in regard to the proposed regulation. Virtually, all of our business is done with companies who have over 100 participants in their plan, and that's not by accident. That's due to our mid-market focus in this business. And that segment, as you know, is relatively less affected by the proposals. Also, we've always approached this business with an open architecture philosophy as it regards the investment platform. We certainly have participation of proprietary offerings on our platform, because we have high-quality proprietary offerings, but we don't rely on those offerings being predominant in the platform. The third area of potential impact would be something that we'd experience jointly with our distribution partners in the Annuities business, as you asked about. We have very strong distribution relationships and we have top tier positions in every major distribution channel in the business. We offer a range of products and solutions, and as John and Mark both mentioned in their opening comments, that diversified product range is really gaining traction in the business. And those solutions all come with a range of compensation options for the advisor, ranging from commission-based to fee-based. I think we will need to do some work with our distribution partners to ensure continued availability of solutions to clients, but we do feel that all the factors I just mentioned give us the basis for doing that work with our partners to achieve the very important goal of ensuring that their clients have continued access to high-quality retirement income options, very much including the guaranteed lifetime income that is really distinctive to the annuities industry and that we'll be able to make these offerings available on terms that work for everybody, including, of course, the Prudential shareholder.
Stephen P. Pelletier: About two-thirds of our business, Yaron, is done with qualified money, that's consistent with industry averages. And if you're talking about the compensation breakdown, about a third is done on a purely commission based – sorry, about two-thirds is done on purely commission-based business and the remainder is done with a mix of commission-based and fee-based.
Stephen P. Pelletier: I think the living benefit strategy and looking to diversify our product range is a strategy that we would continue to maintain over time. I don't think that particular element would be specifically impacted by the regulatory change. Like I say, what we need to do is work with our distribution partners to ensure that we can make the adjustments necessary to provide continued availability of the full range of product sets to their clients.
