Robert Michael Falzon: John, it's Rob. That decision was entirely an internally-motivated decision. It was done with the benefit of consulting with industry experts and others in the industry from which we were able to glean insights as to trends that were occurring within the industry, but was not done in reaction to any regulatory stimulus. Sort of, if I expand on that a little bit, perhaps, and perhaps a little redundant with what I might have said in my opening remarks, but we discontinued the business back in 2012 and we took a $700 million strengthening of our reserves at that point in time. As I mentioned, we incorporated our reserve estimates for the morbidity improvement, which means people living healthier, which reduced our required reserves, as well as mortality improvement, which meant that people living longer, which conversely increases our reserves.
Robert Michael Falzon: Given the lack of the statistically significant experience in our book at that point in time, we relied on guidance from consultants, academic research, and industry practice. Since then, neither our experience, which has now, has sort of more statistical significance associated with it, or any of that consultation or survey with industry has indicated that there's been any morbidity improvement trend. So, at the same time, we're seeing the mortality improvements in this business and in other businesses.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, based on that, we elected to – based on looking at that data and that industry experience, we elected to remove the morbidity improvement assumption, and that gave rise to that $1.4 billion charge while maintaining the mortality improvement assumption. And as I indicated in my remarks, that's about an $850 million addition to reserves – or attribution to reserves as a part of our assumption update process. Recognizing that that's a more conservative approach that others in the industry have taken, but it's consistent with our updated view of best estimate.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, yes, the assumption was – pertain to both blocks of business, Group and Individual, in the old assumption and in the update. So, it's been removed by both. The impact on either of those blocks in any given assumption, actually, is going to be variable, so there's not a consistent rule of thumb that you can use. With regard to this particular assumption, John, roughly what I would say is about 60% of it would have been driven from the Individual block and about 40% of it from the Group block.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yeah, so Tom, I would say it was a balance between the two. I would say when we initially took this, we had very little experience. We've now got five, six years' worth of experience that statistically you would call significant. As we look at that data, there's noise. And it clearly – as you would think given it still is a relatively shorter measurement period and, as we indicated, the number of claims that we have is relatively small to the overall book and to the population of claimants that are across the industry. So, we complemented that with looking externally and talking with consultants that we know have insights into what's happening across the industry to confirm that what we're seeing isn't any different than what others are experiencing across the industry. And based on what we got from those conversations and looking at our own book, felt that there was no discernible trend toward morbidity change. And so, our best estimate, therefore, recognizing that it could go either way, so something that you're trying to get as a mid-point is that there is no morbidity improvement occurring in our book or across the industry that would cause us to think that our book would ultimately behave in a different way than it has been. And let me – if you don't mind, let me just sort of add on just some sort of further thoughts on that. I think that this was, as we noted, it was somewhat unusual vis-a-vis peers in the industry. We recognize that. But – and while the charge associated with it, at $1.4 billion, is in excess, I think, of what Street expectations might have been as we were beginning to look at this – but, I would emphasize that we have a very strong capital position and it is largely unaffected by our across-the-board second quarter assumption updates. We continue to have the flexibility to finance our growth, including investments in our new business initiatives, while redeploying capital, including as I mentioned in my opening remarks, to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases, completely consistent with our existing plans. And all of that, incidentally, includes absorbing fully the impact of the Tax Act while maintaining our targeted AA solvency ratios, currently still at a 400% FICO ratio and remaining within our targets for liquidity and leverage as well.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, let me try taking a stab at that this way, Tom. When we did our assumptions, our assumptions now reflect our full historical experience through 2017. And based on that, our actual to expected is running at 100% over that period of time. And as we look at our 2018 experience as it's emerging, it is entirely consistent with those revised set of assumptions. And so, you sort of think about that as an average over that period of time, and 2018 being reflective of what that average is, recognizing that in any given period, be it quarter or year, you can get noise as we've expressed we saw during 2017.
Robert Michael Falzon: There was a – well, the – no, that was the ALR. That was the active life reserve adjustment, Tom. So, the $600 million, there was small adjustments in GAAP and stat for the Disabled Life, the claims. The driver in both statutory and in GAAP was on our active life reserve. The $600 million was significantly less than the GAAP reserve because we had more margins in our reserves on a statutory basis relative to GAAP. But the same set of assumptions are used in the adjustments that we made in GAAP and stat, with the only difference being that stat – that you can see in the total reserves, they're slightly larger as a result of the pads that you have in stat relative to our GAAP results.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, let me try, Suneet, to answer that question this way. We removed the morbidity improvement assumption, as you indicated. We did provide to you sensitivities with regard to claims costs. And so, if you think about the potential variability in our claims costs, we said a reasonable sort of stressed kind of sensitivity around that, we put in there at plus or minus 5%. So, if our assumptions are that morbidity improvement – not only is there not morbidity improvement, but that we experienced some level of morbidity deterioration, if there was a 5% deterioration – not a 5% per year for forever, but a 5% holistic deterioration in that, that would be about a $500 million adjustment to our reserves, recognizing over the fullness of time with health innovation, et cetera, there might be an upward bias to that; but, if it were to be downward, that would be the order of magnitude to that. And we've provided similar assumptions to the – across the rest of what we believe to be the primary drivers to the reserves that we hold for this business. And I think I would characterize what we've done and the sensitivities being provided there, Suneet in the following way. One, it is comprehensive. And so, we've looked holistically at all the assumptions underlying our business and tried to reflect in those assumptions the experience that we've been seeing and what we can glean from what's happening across the industry. The – our desire was to put this issue to bed in the eyes of investors and to allow investors to focus on the strong fundamental and growth that we have in our operating businesses.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, first part of your question, yes, the same assumption being used in both GAAP and statutory reserves, as I'd indicated before. Second question, let me try approaching that a little differently, Suneet, to see if I can actually get at what I think you want to understand with respect to that $1 billion. Think about that as being in three tranches. The first is – about 10% of that we've already filed before. First, actually, let me also start with – put that in the context of we've actually already received about $0.9 billion worth of rate increases on this block over time from the point at which we impaired it back in 2012. So, hopefully that adds some perspective in terms of balancing this $1 billion against almost $1 billion that we've already achieved to date. And the assumptions driving this – the $1 billion that we have in there, are consistent with our experience in the first rounds of price increases that we sought and, incidentally, are subject to very robust underwriting in order to quantify that number to begin with. And so, going back to sort of thinking about those in buckets, 10% that's already been filed. About 30% of that actually represents instances where we've already had filings with the states where we've implemented a price increase, but where the – where we have agreed to come back to the state and do it in multiple steps as opposed to do it in a single rate increase. So, we implemented a rate increase, but we've agreed to come back and seek approval for a further rate increase in order to make it a more palatable outcome for consumers at the end of the day. And then, the remaining 60% would be new filings. And within those new filings, I would – that would represent both some of our legacy adverse experience that we've had as well as the new adverse experience that we updated as a result of this update. And think about that as being roughly evenly split between where we expect to get price increases and where we expect to actually – to come out in the form of benefit reductions in lieu of price increases.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, to be very clear, Suneet, we did not engage any consultants in the evaluation and the process that we went through. We consulted with outside parties, but there's no consultant that recommended to us this as a best estimate. Obviously, our accountants, who have actuarial expertise, have weighed in on this and they have confirmed that they believe that our approach to this is a reasonable approach to take with regard to establishing a best estimate.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, Alex, yeah, a couple of thoughts on that. First, as I mentioned before, we start from a position of having a very robust capital structure that's able to absorb a lot of the changes that are going through in the industry. So, you have the 2Q assumption updates that we've been through. You have the impact of the tax law change. You'll also have certain regulatory changes occurring that are occurring at the NAIC that are, I think, net chewing away at the RBC ratios of companies. And despite all of that, where we are at the end of the day is, pro forma for all of it, including sort of the full-year anticipated impacts of the Tax Act, we're able to maintain above our currently targeted RBC ratio of 400%. So, we start out in a very strong position. We also have the benefit of continuing to generate strong cash flow and capital. And so, in the course of the second quarter, just by way of example, while the statutory charge for our Long-Term Care business was – the increase and the strengthening of reserves in our Long-Term Care business was about $600 million. In other parts of RBC calculation, we actually generated incremental capital that almost entirely offset that reserve strengthening. And we see that dynamic. And so, if you look at sort of the fullness of this year and even what we've experienced to-date this year, what you're going to find is we have diversified businesses each of which provide robust cash flow and diversified sources of cash flow. So, in the current year, while we're strengthening PICA's reserves in order to respond to the impact from the tax law changes, we are getting from our International business significant free cash flow. We are getting from our PGIM business a very high free cash-flow ratio relevant to the strong earnings that we're generating from that. And as we've highlighted in the deck through the bar charts that we provided, our Annuities business at the current levels of sales is throwing off a significantly high level of free cash flow. And so, we're able to continue to generate free cash flow through the portfolio of businesses that we have and absorb the variety of reserve-strengthening initiatives that we and the industry are facing during the course of this year.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, I think about it this way. I think, first, as you've seen in our results and observe in the market, interest rates have been rising and that's been beneficial to us and to others in the industry. If you look at what I'll call our adjusted portfolio yields, so adjusting it for taking out the impact of alternatives and for where we've invested in Treasuries as we've waited to take the premiums and reinvest them into Corporates, in the first quarter, our portfolio yield was about 4.3%. If you look at our new money rates in the first quarter, it was about 4.25%. So, we're at the point in time, now, where we're investing is crossing over to our portfolio rate, whereas in the past you would have seen a very large gap between those two numbers. And so, I think the interest rate environment is rapidly ceasing to be a drag and will be pivoting over toward being actually a positive to earnings growth on a go-forward basis. Now, it took a compounding of several years for it to drag us down from 13% to 14% to our intermediate range of 12% to 13%, and we'll need to see some compounded period of being in that better interest rate environment before you'd expect, on a sustainable basis, our ROE to be in a 13% to 14% range. I would note that if you look at our ROE this quarter, on the sort of – adjusted for the notable items that we've called out, it's 13.5%. So, while we provided guidance of 12% to 13%, the reality is, in this current environment with the robust performance we're getting out of our businesses, we are actually exceeding that range that we've provided.
Robert Michael Falzon: The only thing I'd add to that – and, Ryan, this may be obvious by virtue of how you asked the question, but just to make sure that it's very clear is that our expected hedging costs are entirely in AOI today. And so, that's built into our AOI. We include the cost of hedging in that. Secondly, that when we have variances against that expected hedging, so what we call hedge breakage, that works its way into our benefit ratios and, therefore, also is amortized into our AOI. So, full cost of hedging is reflected in AOI over time. And that hedge experience has been generally on the positive side, but call it around neutral. And what you're seeing as a result of that is still a robust level of ROA, as Steve just walked through.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, our guidance for that, Ryan, has been that – think about it as being – and what we said in the past is an average of $350 million a quarter, subject to seasonality. So, obviously, we get the fourth quarter seasonality that we've walked through a number of times in the past. If you look at the actual average of the last four quarters, it's been slightly below that. So, it averages out around $340 million. And in the first and second quarters driving that because they've been below our run-rate expectations. Each of those quarters benefited by somewhere in the range of $15 million to $20 million of lower than expected compensation costs, both long-term and deferred, that are associated with market experience including, incidentally, our own stock price performance. The remainder of the variance came from lower net expenses across sort of a whole variety of activities. So, I think, while that experience – we can – it can be sustained, we don't believe that that experience would change our view going forward of what the run rate and seasonality would be. So, we've benefited from it, but not to the point where we would take a different view toward what we've stated in the past with regard to sort of the going forward run rate of the business (57:35).
Robert Michael Falzon: So, I would say that the Annuities business is a positive contributor to our overall targeted free cash flow. So, think about our free cash flow, as we've articulated, as being around 65% of our earnings. And at current levels of sales we would expect the Annuities business actually to be reasonably materially in excess of that; and, we believe that that's a sustainable level. The volatility – we don't believe that it's particularly volatile on a go forward basis, either. The changes that would occur there would be, as Steve has expressed before, things that would be reflected over a fairly long period of time. We're very well capitalized within that business, and so changes in market conditions and/or other drivers to the reserves would not alter the level of distributions from free cash flow that we anticipate and are currently getting from the business.
