Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I’ll begin on Slide 11, which provides insight into earnings for the second quarter of 2021 relative to our first quarter results. Pre-tax adjusted operating income in the first quarter was $2.1 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $4.11 on an after-tax basis; then we adjust for the following items. First, variable investment income outperformed expectations in the first quarter, which is worth $275 million. Second, we adjust underwriting experience by $160 million. This includes a placeholder for COVID-19 claims experience of an additional $70 million based upon 55,000 COVID-19 related fatalities in the U.S. during the second quarter. Third, we expect expenses and other items to be approximately $500 million lower in the second quarter, primarily as a result of favorable items in first quarter, including the $378 million gain from the sale of PGIM’s joint venture in Italy and seasonality. Fourth, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by $10 million, reflecting difference between new money rates to disposition yields of our investment portfolio. These items combined get us to a baseline of $2.89 per share for the second quarter. I’ll note that if you exclude items specific to the second quarter, earnings per share would be $2.97. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power increased from last quarter, including the benefit from business growth and higher equity markets. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the second quarter. I would also note that we continue to expect the full year 2021 corporate and other loss to be about $1.5 billion. On Slide 12, we provided an update on the potential impact of the pandemic. Consistent with the information we provided on our fourth quarter call, the estimated sensitivity of operating income for $100,000 incremental U.S. death due to the pandemic is about $85 million. As I noted earlier, our second quarter baseline includes a net mortality impact of $70 million due to COVID-19. The actual impact will depend on a variety of factors, such as infection and fatality rates, geographic concentration, and the continued speed acceptance and effectiveness of the vaccine rollout. Turning to Slide 13. We continued to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding. Our capital position continues to support AA financial strength rating, and we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets were $5.4 billion, which is greater than 3 times annual fixed charges and other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses and other continued capital facilities. Turning to Slide 14. And in summary, we are on track with our key initiatives that we maintain disciplined capital management while returning additional capital to shareholders, and we continue to benefit from the support of our rock solid balance sheet. Now I’ll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Okay. Ryan, it’s Ken. We’re making really good progress on our transformation and cost saving initiative and that’s being driven by our transformation office and they’re making great progress. We included the implementation costs that we expect this year in our estimated loss for corporate and other of $1.5 billion. So it’s in there. And it’s comparable to the amount that we had in 2020. At this stage, we don’t expect the magnitude to vary significantly. So that’s why we didn’t feel the need to continue to separate and isolate it out. We are, as I mentioned, making very good progress towards our objective of achieving $750 million of cost savings by 2023. And over this period, we would expect to have implementation costs included in our corporate and the other segment to continue.
Ken Tanji: We have an excellent full service business. But it’s part of our overall retirement segment. We haven’t historically separated that out. It is part of that business line and we’re not going to separate that, those specific are forward just the full service segment.
Ken Tanji: Hi. This is Ken. We’ve had a very consistent approach to capital management. We use both share purchases and dividend as a way to distribute capital to shareholders. We’ve prioritized dividends and our earnings have been about three times dividends. Our free cash flow has been about 65% of our earnings, and about two times our dividend. So, while we seek to use dividends and grow them we’ll use a level of share repurchases, but it will vary overtime. Our recent decision to increase that by $0.5 billion and again, just not just for 2021, but we also, as you mentioned, increased our three-year outlook. It really reflects where we are at this point in time with our capital position, as well as our outlook on the economy. And again, it’s consistent with returning excess capital to the shareholders as time passes we will continue to reassess our capital position and determine if adjustments are appropriate. So again, it’s really consistent with the approach we’ve had for many years. And if we have excess capital we’ll make the practice of share –returning that to shareholders.
Ken Tanji: Yes, it’s really a reflection of our current position of excess capital. As Rob mentioned, we’re making great progress towards our objective of, of five to 10 billion of capital reallocation. And again, it’s a wide range because we want – we will be disciplined about transactions to release and redeploy. So it’s primarily the result of how we feel about our current capital position and the economic outlook.
Ken Tanji: Hey, Humphrey, it’s Ken. We do see a spread compression in a Retirement business and that’s a combination of Full Service in our institutional business, in the baseline roll forward that we provided. You’ll see that of the $10 million impact half of that, or $5 million is in our Retirement segment. But we don’t split that out between Full Service and an institutional.
Ken Tanji: Again, with our Full Service business as part of our overall Retirement segment. That’s where the earnings are reported in the capitals held, but we’re not going to break down the split of it by sub segment.
Andy Sullivan: Sure, Rob. Tom, good morning. So I’ll make this very specific. So let’s talk about annuity. So as we’ve talked about step one in de-risking is the runoff and that started with ceasing of sales. So you saw this quarter where we only had 1% of our sales that came from traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits. And we very successfully have pivoted over to FlexGuard, we will expect to see about a $3 billion per quarter runoff in that traditional variable annuity block of business. This quarter, we saw about $3.8 billion. As we pivoted to FlexGuard, we’re putting into the market a very different type of product that better balances consumer value with shareholder value. And we could not be more pleased with the success of that product. We had a 14.5% market share back in 4Q and as you saw, our sales have continued to expand where we had $1.6 billion in sales this quarter. That is really coming off the strength of our brand and the strength of our distribution. And we’re very happy with the returns and the risk profile of that new business that we’re putting on the book. So it’s a very good example of how step one is all about the runoff and pivot.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. So thanks, Charlie. And Elyse, I’ll build upon it. So first, when it comes to PGIM, I’d be remised if I didn’t say that we’ve had just great success organically growing this business. We’ve seen somewhere in the neighbourhood of $55 billion in flows over the last five years due to the strength of our platform. And we will continue to invest in that organic growth. Having said that this is an area we’ve identified where we want to augment through M&A, and we’re – that all starts with being very clear on our priorities and clear on our spots. As we talked about last quarter, we’re very interested in expanding upon our already good capabilities in alternatives as well as continuing to expand on our track record of success globally. Those are areas we’re focused on because if you look at the overall asset management industry, they are faster growth areas of this space. As we’re looking, everything and anything we look at would obviously we need to vet for a cultural fit and to make sure it fits with our multi-manager model. The way that I talked to my team and my team we talked about this as being in the flow and in the know. And what I mean by that is we need to make sure that we see all potential opportunities, both what’s already in the marketplace, but what might be in the marketplace. And I could tell you that we are very confident that we are in the know and in the flow. We will be very programmatic and disciplined in deploying capital towards these acquisitions. And we are very confident that it will meaningfully add to PGIM over time.
Andy Sullivan: So Andrew, it’s Andy, thank you for your question. First, let me make sure, I point out that, in this quarter, we had $10 million of one-time non-recurring expense. And just to give you that feel and a flavor for that. That as example, we ended a couple of vendor contracts in distribution as we’re maturing our model, as far as the path we’re on to drive the business toward it ultimate – our ultimate revenue and margin objectives, nothing has changed. We bought this business and platform for its long-term strategic capabilities that it provides us, both from expanding the addressable market, as well as for shifting our mix to a more fee oriented mix. So as such, we’re investing and managing the business for the long-term, we continue to invest in broadening and deepening the product portfolio. We continue to invest in deepening and making a more capable the distribution system and the results in the quarter. You see evidence of that. I’ll point back to what we said, last quarter, the key metric is revenue growth as we scale this platform up, and as you saw, we had 80% quarter-to-quarter revenue growth and had revenues grow in all lines. And so we have a plan, we’re executing against it. We’re seeing the metrics go the right way. We need to scale the platform and as such in the near term, we will see operating losses.
Andy Sullivan: So Suneet, it’s Andy, I’ll take your question. Financial wellness absolutely remains a key component of our organic growth strategy in the company. As we articulated that at Investor Day, and as you heard me say, often, we’re working to bring more solutions to more people and to address a broader swath of the American marketplace. That is both through the workplace, through the advisor channel and direct-to-consumer. As we talked about our financial wellness capability that we’ve built out have really helped to activate a couple of value levers and the two predominant ones would be institutional value. And the second would be converting individuals in the workplace to long-term loyal customers of Prudential. We’ve seen those value levers activated. We’ve talked in the past about institutional value that’s been delivered both from the net revenue growth in the group of insurance business, but also from the growth of our full service platform. And we are seeing the conversion to individual product sales from the financial wellness value prop. So you should think of it as, it is an important component of the organic piece of our strategy to grow and expand our addressable market. But it is that, it’s a component of the broader strategy as we push to the business system to be higher growth, less capital intensive and less market sensitive.
Andy Sullivan: So, Yaron it’s Andy, thanks for your question. Yes, I would not draw any conclusions or say we’re seeing any trends. I guess the way we would frame it is, we are a very diversified business across our multi managers across both public and private sectors. We serve a very wide range of clients. The only thing I’d say on the institutional side is obviously institutional clients can tend to be more lumpy and you’ll get variability quarter-to-quarter versus on the retail side. On the retail side, we have seen a lot of money in, money markets. And we think that could be a tailwind coming, continuing to come into the marketplace, but more broadly we have a broad suite of products. And I think at the end of the day, we’re very confident that we’ll be a net winner from a flows perspective, given the strength and the balance that we have across product types and across institutional and retail. But to your question should you draw any trends or conclusions, I would say now.
Andy Sullivan: Sure. John it’s Andy, and appreciate the new topic to cover. So, as you would expect last year given the impact of COVID in the pandemic, we absolutely saw an increase in short term disability claims. We’ve actually seen those claims volumes coming back down, obviously it’s a pandemic, it’s getting more to control of vaccines and the like. We continue to expect you know, due to our experience, the impact on the economy to have an effect on long-term disability claim incident. We have not seen that tick up as of yet that, that does not necessarily mean that we won’t there’s generally a six month period on the long-term disability plan. That’s why you saw us put up an idea in our last quarter and we put up an additional IBNR this quarter. So we’re, still expecting that and that directly flows to your question about increased administrative expenses. One of the things that we consider, very, very important to managing this business is having the right number of claims professionals, nurses, and folks specialists. We have beefed up our staffing and in the claims part of the business to be ready to properly help individuals return to work that go on long-term disability claims. And you’re seeing that reflected in the elevated admin ratio.
Andy Sullivan: So John, it’s Andy, I’ll take your question. That’s a really hard one to predict and where our thoughts go in that is we have a very diversified book of business across size, segments and geographies. And I think the patterns of what we’re going to see from a return to the workplace perspective are going to be pretty varied across those different industry size, segments and geography. So really hard to tell, what influence that might have on the disability claims incidents.
Andy Sullivan: So Josh, it’s Andy. Thanks for your question. So yes, as you’re referring to, if we were to see a consistently rising rate environment that very likely has an impact on fixed income flows in general across the space and couldn’t impact growth for that sector. But I’d go back to something I said earlier, which is, we’re a top 10 asset manager with a very broad and well-diversified portfolio in both public and private and in any economic environment, we feel that we’ll be a net winner across those set of businesses from a net flows perspective. So yes, we feel very well positioned. And then obviously I’d be remiss, if I didn’t add, remember rise – a rising rate environment overall is a net positive for Prudential.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. So again, it’s Andy; thanks for the question. So depending on the product, depending on the regulatory territory, there are various rules on what we call those sub pays, how much additional money could be dropped into the policies. We have actually closed off to the jury, we’re able and it is to a large degree sub pace going into those products. That’s why when we report that only 1% is in the traditional variable annuities that guaranteed living benefit that is reflective of the sub pace as well. So when we’re really talking about runoff, those products truly are not only sales to new customers, but additional monies being dropped in, it really is a hard stop on.
Andy Sullivan: Yes Tom, So it’s Andy, and maybe I’ll take sort of two sides to that question, risk and return. From the risk perspective, the product is vastly different from our traditional variable annuities, like the highest daily income. If you think about it, we’re sharing risk with the consumer, we’re giving them a buffer on the downside for a little bit of upside, but they have detailed downside risk, and obviously the upside is Kat, so at the end of the day, we’re not taking interest rate risks like we were in HDI, the interest rate risk because of the design of the product could be nearly perfectly hedged with simple options. So the risk profile we’re very, very comfortable with – from a go-forward perspective. Your question around returns, I think what I talked about in previous quarters, we did a lot of work to be able to more rapidly price our products and adjust our product pricing. We’re quite pleased with the returns that we’re seeing on the business that we’re selling. And obviously that might be begging the question of, well, why have you been so successful? So let me hit that, number one, we are one of the very best and top brands in the space with a lot of history through the third-party advisor channels. Number two, we have great distribution people in relationships, inclusive of Prudential Advisors, which is a very big strategic advantage for us. And that has led to the sales results and the very, very positive results. But we liked the risk profile and we liked to return.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure. Elyse, this is Charlie. Let me just take a step back if you will, and put what we’re doing into context, and then I’ll answer your specific question. As we look at the journey we’re on, if you will, we as a management team are laser focused on three goals. Well, the first is to deliver strong and consistent performance. And hopefully you’ve seen that. The second is to execute on the transformation that Rob and Andy just talked about, and there are three parts to that. One is pivoting our products to be less market sensitive and capital sensitive. The second is to execute on our cost efficiency goals. And you saw that we expanded our goals by 50% last year and are ahead of track. And the third is to lean into the higher growth markets as Rob talked about the reallocation of $5 billion to $10 billion of capital. So that’s the second goal. The third goal is to be good stewards of capital, balancing the return of capital to shareholders with investing both organically and inorganically in our businesses. And we think that by achieving that balance, we can maximize shareholder value over time. So those are the three goals, strong and consistent performance, executing on our transformation and being good stewards of capital. And that will hopefully give you a framework around which we couldn’t look at any of the actions that we take, including, as you talked about the programmatic M&A which Andy now can talk about.
Charlie Lowrey: It’s Charlie, again, Elyse. We’ve spoken about the fact that we’ve taken a broad strategic review on our businesses within the context of having a business mix that is less market sensitive, less capital intensive and higher growth. And we’re going to be really thoughtful and diligent about how we execute on the process with the goal of maximizing value for shareholders. So when there’s more to report, we’ll let you know. But we’re in the process of doing that.
Charlie Lowrey: So this is Charlie, Andrew. Again, we’re not going to comment on any particular business. What I’ll do is go back to our original premise, which is that we’ve looked at all businesses, we’re considering a business mix in totality. That’s going to be higher growth, less capital intensive, less market intensive and less volatile over time. And we’ve evaluated all our businesses within that context. And as we go through that process, as we make decisions and execute, you will be one of the first to know, along with all your other colleagues.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes, I think that’s a fair comment. In other words, as we think about programmatic M&A, in particular as we’ve talked about it this morning, it’s investing primarily in our other businesses in the U.S. and international and what we mean by programmatic M&A, it’s a very specific strategy. We’re going to be highly selective and we’re going to do targeted acquisitions that add either scale or augment capabilities to our existing businesses like PGIM and like emerging markets.
Charlie Lowrey: Thanks Tracy for the question. Yes, we – I’ll just go back to what I said before, which is we have looked and are looking at all our businesses. Our objective is to create and maximize shareholder value overtime. We’re not going to talk about a pecking order if you will, of businesses at this time, but rest assured that we’re looking carefully at all our businesses and understanding specifically how they fit into an overall business mix and the objective that we articulated in the first quarter, which was to expand our higher growth businesses and to reduce annuities and our market sensitive to a smaller extent. So that’s, about all we want to say at this point about we’re in the process of doing that. And as I said before you all will know when there’s more to report.
Charlie Lowrey: Thank you very much. So thank you for your time and interest today. I hope we’ve conveyed the increased sense of momentum and the steady progress around our transformation initiatives. We remain confident in our strategy and the additional steps we’re taking to build a nimbler and higher growth business, and one which continues to focus on the evolving needs of our customers. We look forward to sharing more details on our progress with you in the coming quarters. And thank you again for joining us today.
