Kenneth Tanji: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Slide 9 includes the notable items which had an impact on adjusted operating results in the current quarter. We highlight these items because they may not be indicative of future performance. There were 3 primary drivers of the notable items. First, the equity market movements resulted in a $109 million adjustment for the recognition of certain benefits and costs associated with variable annuities and variable life policies. In addition, non-coupon investment income and prepayment fees were about $140 million below our long-term expectations, driven primarily by hedge fund returns. Second, underwriting experience was generally in line with our average expectations, which highlights our complementary mortality and longevity profile, as presented on Page 22 in the appendix. And third, we recorded a provision of $30 million for legal matters. In total, these notable items reduced pretax earnings by $289 million or $0.54 per share. Excluding the notable items, earnings per share would be $2.98, up 14% from the year-ago quarter. And in thinking about quarterly earnings patterns, we -- please note that we've included a summary of seasonal items in the appendix. Now turning to Slide 10. I'll provide an update on capital deployment, liquidity and leverage. As Charlie noted, we returned more than $3 billion to shareholders during the year through dividends and share repurchases. And for 2019, we increased our share repurchase authorization by 33% to $2 billion, and yesterday, we announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend.  Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $5.5 billion at the end of the quarter. The sequential quarter increase of $300 million was driven by cash flows from our businesses that exceeded shareholder distributions. Shareholder distributions of $752 million in the quarter were roughly evenly split between dividends and share repurchases. We also maintained a strong balance sheet. Our hedging programs were highly effective in mitigating the large equity movements in the quarter. Our regulatory capital ratios continue to be above our AA financial strength targeted levels, and our financial leverage ratio as of year-end 2018 remains better than our target. Also, as credit remains a topic of investor interest, we provided details of our high-quality CLO portfolio in the appendix.  In summary and turning to Slide 11, our market-leading global businesses with complementary capabilities are providing integrated financial wellness solutions to more customers. For the year, we generated a strong adjusted operating return on equity, along with significant growth in adjusted operating earnings and book value per share and also delivered solid shares and net flows across our businesses. And we distributed more than $3 billion to shareholders and sustained a robust capital position with capital flexibility.  Now I'll turn it to the operator for questions.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. John, it's Ken. We had given guidance that, typically, our fourth quarter expenses are seasonally higher and range from about $125 million to $175 million. And we thought they would come in at the high end of that range, and they did, and about half of that occurred in corporate. And then in terms of the impact of our compensation expense from our long-term and deferred comp plans that are either linked to our share price or other market indexes, that had a benefit of about $90 million in the quarter, and about $70 million of that was in corporate and other.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. So Ryan, it's Ken. We did adjust our RBC target, and we provided that with our guidance for 2019. Just a little bit of a reminder that with tax reform, we have a lower tax rate, and that improves our earnings today and in the future and strengthens the value of our deferred profits that reside in our reserves. So overall, the impact of tax reform is positive for us. It does lead to higher regulatory capital requirements. And so when we put that all together, our improved financial strength along with higher regulatory capital requirements, we did think an adjustment to our RBC ratio to 375% was -- made a lot of sense, and we've done that. And we would expect to -- and we'll file our statutory financials at the end of the month, and we would expect our RBC ratio for PICA to be above our objective.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. Erik, it's Ken. We were quite happy with our hedging programs, particularly in overall. They performed very well. Our variable annuity living benefit hedge program gained $3 billion in value during the quarter, most of that in December, with a hedge effectiveness of 98%. And we also have a capital hedge program that was also very effective at offsetting the overall increase in our net GAAP liabilities due to equity markets. And that's reported in our nonoperating earnings, and that gained over $600 million in value and more than offset the overall increase in our net GAAP liabilities due to equity markets. So we thought our hedge programs did a solid job at protecting our balance sheet and capital position, and we think it demonstrates the resilience of our financial profile amidst difficult markets.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. So our capital position in annuities is very solid. We've designed our hedging program and our capital framework to withstand market moves. And as I mentioned, the hedging program performed quite well. We hold capital in excess of our own standard and regulatory standards, and that enables cash flow to continue. You cited 60%. That would, I think, be more on a pretax basis. We think of it more on an after-tax basis, and it would be more like 80%, and it was $1.2 billion for the year. That's reflective of the solid fee stream that we have coming from that business that is both well hedged and well capitalized and profitable, and we find that attractive. If we are able to pick up sales in more profitable business and earn the returns that we've -- that we target, that we would think that would be a good use of capital, and we would deploy capital towards that.
Stephen Pelletier: Humphrey, this is Steve. I will take your question. Thank you very much for it. I would say that the reason for this outflow was the client looking to consolidate managers, and that was really the main driving factor. It was not due to our performance, either on a relative or an absolute basis. So that's the story there. If you don't mind, even on a no-names basis, I don't think I'll talk too much about -- at the granular level, of our dealings with an individual client. I will just emphasize, Humphrey, that, as Charlie talked about, our PGIM business represents a top 10 global asset manager. In particular, I'd highlight that on the institutional front, we truly have a world-class client franchise. We do business with 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. pension plans. We do business with 8 of the top 10 Fortune 500 companies. We do business with over half of the 300 largest global pension funds. We're very proud of and grateful for that client franchise, but it also means that business gets done in large blocks. And on occasion, on rare occasion, on a quarterly basis, we may have more outflows than inflows due to something like this, a single large case. However, on an annual basis, as mentioned earlier, we have had 16 positive years of institutional net flows. And also, I'd like to point out that on the quarterly basis, despite that one large outflow of $9 billion, we almost thought institutional net flows to withdraw, which signifies that gross sales were actually very strong for the quarter. And that gives us confidence, as we begin 2019, in our ability to attract robust flows, both gross and net, and at a good and sustainable average fee level, as Rob mentioned in his comments.
Stephen Pelletier: John, this is Steve. Our annual runoff on PRT is consistent with what we've communicated before, which is about $4 billion total, $3 billion on the funded side and $1 billion on the longevity risk transfer side. So that gets you to the flows. I would say that in terms of looking at the year that we're in now, we still see a very, very robust pipeline. I'm sure that some people may be thinking that the market volatility in the fourth quarter and what that did to funding levels in the aggregate across all pension funds may have an impact. And I would just point out that while that observation about some pullback in funding levels in the aggregate is true, virtually all the companies in the visible pipeline, first of all, are fully funded and, second of all, have taken steps to hedge their risk and to mitigate any capital markets impact. So we still see a very robust pipeline. We are still very confident in our ability to transact within the pipeline. I think that's borne out by our fourth quarter experience, where we had very strong flows of $7.5 billion in PRT total, $5.5 billion funded and the others -- the other longevity risk transfer. And I would also say that we see an opportunity, given the strength and given the kind of configuration of the pipeline for this year's experience, to possibly be less backloaded than the past several years have been.
Stephen Pelletier: Ryan, this is Steve. Without commenting on results in a given month, I would just say that we entered the year with a strong sense of confidence about our ability to continue to generate flows, as Rob touched upon. We operate across a range of asset classes: equity, public and private fixed income, real estate and mortgages and other sources of alternatives. So we feel -- and through our -- also, based on our strong investment performance, we feel very confident in our ability to generate flows this year.
Stephen Pelletier: John, it's Steve. I'll answer your question. We do not see a significant impact of market volatility and the government shutdown, as you mentioned, in the group benefits business. Our engagement with corporate clients on that front continues to be very much around the strength of our value proposition and, in particular, the Financial Wellness value proposition. On the Retirement side, the other part of Workplace Solutions, I would not say there's a -- there's been a particular impact either, except to say that for those companies that are well funded and that are well positioned from an ALM standpoint and hedging their risk as it relates to capital markets movements, those -- frankly, the movements are a reminder that the time to transact may be here and take risk off the table in terms of any further capital markets movements. I would say that overall, though, the real engagement on the full-service Retirement front and on the Group Insurance front has been around the strength of our Financial Wellness proposition. Rob mentioned some of the numbers, $100 million of annualized group premium that stems directly from our Financial Wellness proposition and now $9 billion -- previously, the number we were citing to you last year was $6 billion. Now $9 billion of full-service sales directly attributed to the strength of that proposition. This is very much as we anticipated. As we developed this Financial Wellness strategy, we anticipated that the impact of it would -- in terms of our results would first be visible at the top of the funnel, if you will, at our work at the employer level with companies in their provision of retirement plans and benefit packages. As we continue to develop the customer engagement funnel, we are seeing very, very strong levels of engagement with that value proposition. It's interesting. If you compare our experience, for example, to a lot of the start-ups that have entered the space, our customer engagement levels and our client acquisition costs are a fraction of some of those start-ups, and frankly, client acquisition costs are the issue that a lot of those start-ups run into. And the reason is that the people we're seeking to engage know that they're already doing business with Prudential. They're already part of a retirement plan or a group benefits plan that is administered by Prudential. So we're confident that the engagement levels that we're seeing will lead to greater revenues from our engagement with individuals and our providing them the solutions that address their financial needs. In fact, we're already seeing some flow of retail revenues. It's just the beginning of that process, but we're already somewhat ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point. So all in all, we're feeling very, very strong about the ability to advance the Financial Wellness proposition and to differentiate ourselves in the market based on that proposition.
