Kenneth Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 11, which provides insight into earnings for the first quarter of 2022 relative to our fourth quarter results. Pre-tax adjusted operating income in the fourth quarter was $1.6 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $3.18 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense for all our first quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items: first, variable investment income outperformed expectations in the fourth quarter by $440 million. Next, we adjust underwriting experience by a net $90 million. This adjustment includes a placeholder for COVID-19's claims experience in the first quarter of $195 million, assuming 75,000 COVID-19-related fatalities in the U.S. While we have provided this placeholder for COVID-related claims experience, the actual impact will depend on a variety of factors such as infection and fatality rates, geographic and demographic mix and the effectiveness of vaccines. Third, we expect seasonal expenses and other items will be lower in the first quarter by $105 million. Fourth, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by about $10 million, reflecting the difference between new money rates and disposition yields of our investment portfolio. And last, we expect the first quarter effective tax rate to normalize. These items combined get us to a baseline of $2.73 per share for the first quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the first quarter, earnings per share would be $3.17. The key takeaway is that the underlying earnings power per share continues to improve and has increased 9% over the last year, driven by business growth, the benefits of our cost savings program, capital management and market appreciation. While we have provided these items to consider, please note there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the first quarter. As we look forward, we have also included seasonal and other considerations for 2022 in the appendix. Turning to Slide 12. We continue to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding. Our capital position continues to support a AA financial strength rating and we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets were $3.6 billion and within our $3 billion to $5 billion liquidity target range and other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses and contingent capital facilities. Turning to Slide 13 and in summary, we are executing on our plans to reposition our businesses and we are on track to achieve our targeted cost savings. And with the support of our rock solid balance sheet, we are thoughtfully deploying capital. Now I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. It was -- Elyse, it's Ken. It is a good combination of both. So we -- each quarter, we assess the conditions and the fair value of the business. We've been doing that since we've acquired it. We incorporated the recent experience from the Medicare annual enrollment and we looked at the updated values for multiples of peers. And so that all went in. And so it was both a combination of our updating for recent experience as well as the recent multiples in the market for peers.
Kenneth Tanji: Andrew, it's Ken. We've made excellent progress, both in terms of not just gaining efficiencies and lowering costs, but also building capabilities. And as we have done that on an accelerated basis relative to our initial targets, we remain certainly focused, again, both on building capabilities, but also gaining efficiency to drive growth going forward. We're very much on track to achieve $750 million by 2023. And at this point, we've really institutionalized both capabilities but also a mindset across the company of continuous improvement. And we're getting good payback on our initiative costs. So we expect to maintain a budget for that and also maintain this discipline going forward. Right now, we're focused on achieving that $750 million by 2023, and that's our main objective.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. Tom, it's Ken. I'll take that. You should think of that $4 billion of or more proceeds coming in from our 2 transactions as free and clear and readily deployable. It will quickly move to the holding company upon the close of the transaction. And just in general, we've had a very consistent approach to capital management. Our businesses are generating free cash flow. And also last year, we reduced debt. So that we thought it was a good time to reduce debt. And so we certainly have debt capacity as well. And now we also have the $4 billion of proceeds coming in. So we feel really good about our capital position and our liquidity and our flexibility and including being well positioned to meet our objective of returning $11 billion to shareholders over the 3-year period 2021 to 2023.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. So we consider operating debt to be funding that fund sort of a specific asset or structure that where the cash flows from that asset or structure will pay off the debt. And some examples would be within our PGIM business. We do co and seed investments that are funded both with capital to support the risk of those investments, but also operating debt. And we find that efficient to do that from the holding company. Our PGIM business also has an agency mortgage business, where we fund loans from time to time, again, where those loans would support that operating debt. So those are 2 examples. But again, it's where specific assets or structures will support that debt.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. We do look at that and you should think of it as variable investment income is both balanced between cash coming from distributions as well as appreciation in the mark-to-market. Usually, it's pretty balanced. Last year, a little bit more appreciation than cash just given the move in the market.
Kenneth Tanji: No. The short answer is no. We do factor in inflation into our assumptions, and we're well positioned for an elevated level of inflation in the near term. And we continue to see claims experience consistent with our assumptions and actually a little bit more favorable.
Charles Lowrey: Hey, Ryan, this is Charlie. I'll answer that question. And let me offer a couple of comments. First, one of the major tenets of our strategy is to be prudent stewards of capital. And we're doing that by balancing three factors. One is investment in our existing businesses to achieve business growth, the second is programmatic M&A, and the third is returning capital to shareholders. But with regards specifically to your question in terms of acquisitions, what we can say is they're going to be consistent with our stated strategy of growing PGIM and emerging markets, by which we can expand and extend our capabilities or our distribution or increase the scale of our existing businesses. And to your point, we'll be looking at a variety of opportunities in different sizes. But what we can also say is that regardless of size, we will evaluate the strategic and financial merits of each transaction with the obvious observation that the larger the transaction, the more financially compelling that transaction needs to be. And as we've said, we will have a programmatic approach, right, as demonstrated by the three acquisitions we did last year and as we've actually done for a couple of decades in both areas where you've seen us make numerous acquisitions in both emerging markets and asset management at various scales.
Charles Lowrey: Yes. Sure. Ryan, it's Charlie again. I'll take that. So first of all, we're focused on closing the existing transaction that you referred to. And that we've signed -- and just as an update, we're on track to close both those transactions in the first half of 2022. But we continuously see opportunities within the businesses and the existing blocks that we have to optimize capital and reduce market sensitivity while improving the consistency and the predictability of our financial results with the goal of creating additional value for shareholders. But as we've said in the past, we'll continue to be thoughtful as we progress towards the goal of becoming a more nimble, less market-sensitive and a higher-growth company. So we'll continue to look for opportunities as they arise and execute accordingly.
Charles Lowrey: So Elyse, this is Charlie. I think what we've said and what we'll continue to say is, again, we're going to be prudent stewards of capital. And to the extent that we can't find opportunities to execute on our strategy, we'll consider returning capital. And if you saw what we did last year, we actually increased the share buybacks by $1 billion in two $500 million segments. We've done it in the past, and we will continue to be prudent stewards of capital as we go forward and consider all our opportunities.
Charles Lowrey: Sure. It's Charlie. So let me take that, Andrew. Let me take a step back and explain exactly why we did the assurance transaction and the function it plays within our business mix. Assurance is a young and innovative company that it is completely aligned with our purpose and our strategy. It's helping us expand our addressable market which is something we want to do and increase access to more customers, especially a customer base that's traditionally been underserved by our industry, and that's absolutely aligned with our purpose. Secondly, it's a digitally-based platform, frankly, in which we were underinvested and is a new space for us, but one that we wanted very much to be in. And third, from a strategic perspective, it's helping us to reduce market sensitivity by increasing our mix of fee-based earnings which is entirely consistent with what we talked about of becoming a more nimble, less market-sensitive and higher-growth company. Now as we look forward, as I mentioned earlier in the call that the acquisitions we'll be making, they are going to be in PGIM and emerging markets, and they'll be focused on -- will be focused on acquiring more mature businesses, again, by which we can expand and extend our capabilities or our distribution or our scale over time. And this is absolutely in our wheelhouse, right? This is what we've been doing for decades in both emerging markets and asset management. And have made, I won't say hundreds, but tens of successful acquisitions over that time period. So we feel very good about the strategic merits of the Assurance deal and the role it plays within our company.
Charles Lowrey: Sure. Let me talk about the metrics that we use for a moment. So when we think about acquisitions from both -- we think about them both from a strategic and a financial perspective. And strategic perspective, we look to add capabilities, as I said, such as product or distribution or increasing scale in a market or country. And from a financial standpoint, we look at a variety of metrics when assessing potential acquisitions such as earnings contribution and growth, et cetera. Now obviously, the larger the transaction, the more compelling the financial aspects of the transaction has to be. But importantly, I think our focus is on becoming a higher growth, again, less margin-sensitive and more nimble business, and we're going to continue to be extremely thoughtful and disciplined goal of creating value for all our stakeholders.
Charles Lowrey: So Humphrey, this is Charlie. For now, our concentration is going to be on asset management and emerging markets. Those are 2 areas where we think we have we can benefit significantly from the increase in capabilities and scale in the markets in which we already are doing business. And so that's going to be our focus in the -- certainly in the near to medium term.
Charles Lowrey: Sure. That remains our goal in 2 to 3 years. But as you point out, we'll be doing it through a combination of a couple of things. One is -- or 3 things, really. One is organic growth. So we will be continuing to invest in our businesses. One is to get there. And the third is really the dispositions of either lower growth or market-sensitive businesses. And you've seen us begin to execute on that with the 2 transactions that we're going to close this year. And that's all within, again, the context of being prudent stewards of capital, of investing in our business, having programmatic M&A and returning capital to shareholders. So the short answer of your question is, yes, that still remains our goal, and we'll do it through a combination of factors.
Charles Lowrey: It's hard to say whether -- what the percentages will be. It will depend on the opportunities we see, both organically and inorganically, and the dispositions that we make. So it's sort of a multivariable equation, if you will, but we're looking to balance that equation and do it thoughtfully and prudently.
Charles Lowrey: Thank you, and thank you for joining us today. 2021 was a year of transformation for Prudential in which we reached a record high level of after-tax operating earnings, distributed a record amount back to shareholders and made real progress towards becoming a more nimble, less market-sensitive and higher-growth company. As we look ahead to 2022 and beyond, we are focused on creating and driving growth and becoming a global leader in expanding access to investing insurance and retirement security. We are both excited about and confident in our strategy and our ability to create value for all our stakeholders by building even further upon our progress. We look forward to sharing more with you along the way, and thank you again for joining us today.
Andrew Sullivan: Ryan, it's Andy. Let me just add in. We’re making great progress on derisking in our annuities business. And as we've talked about before, that's a two-step process to derisk the legacy. Step one is all about runoff, and we are very much on track. We're seeing the expected runoff. We saw a $3.8 billion in runoff in the quarter. And we saw over $18 billion in runoff in the year. So runoff is a significant contributor to derisking. As Charlie said, step two was about doing the derisking transaction. And obviously, we're very pleased with the PALAC sale and that represents about 20% of our legacy account values. So as Charlie said, we're going to continue to explore how to further derisk the remaining legacy, but we are very focused right now on closing the Fortitude Re deal in a high-quality manner.
Andrew Sullivan: Hi, Eric, it's Andy. I'll take your question. As we've discussed in the past, obviously, PGIM flows will vary quarter-to-quarter. And in the fourth quarter, we experienced overall flat flows. As you saw, our retail outflows were $3.6 billion. Market volatility really led to client rotation out of our sub-advised equities and out of our core and core plus fixed income into shorter duration strategies. That was counteracted by very strong inflows on the institutional side and in particular, in fixed income, as many pension plans allocations rotate in this type of an environment. I would say it's important to note, if you look at our fixed income business overall across both institutional and retail, overall, we had positive flows in the quarter despite facing the rising rate environment. That is a real testament to the diversification of our distribution and of our portfolio. As we've always said, we think it's very important to look at the long-term track record when it comes to flows. We have done $60 billion in flows over the last five years and we did $11 billion in 2021. Specific to your question around the retail side and what we are seeing from a fixed income perspective, we have seen $27 billion in retail flows over the last five years and our retail assets under management have doubled in that timeframe, really driven by the positive flows that we see, the alpha performance that we've seen and end markets. So we've been very successful there. Flows are an outcome of having outstanding capabilities, exceptional investment performance and great distribution, and we feel very strongly we have all of those and we'll be a net winner over time, and we've proven our ability to succeed across all different market conditions.
Andrew Sullivan: Sure, Eric, it's Andy. I'll keep going, and I'm going to split this out between Group Life and Group Disability. I'll start on the Group Life side. As we've all seen Delta and now Omicron are having a big impact on the country. U.S. deaths were higher than 3Q. So we saw 126,000 U.S. deaths in 4Q versus 94,000 in 3Q. As a top 3 life carrier, we have a big broad book of business. There's 2 effects really on the Life side that I would note. The first very similar to third quarter. And that's we have a high concentration of large retail and health care employer accounts. If you think about it, those are employers that have a high number of frontline workers that are out and about and exposed on a daily basis. And also many of those workers are in low vaccination geographies. The second effect we saw is while in this quarter, we did see a slight shift to older age, we're still seeing significant increase in incidence rates in the under 55 population. And that population tends to have larger dollar amount policies. If I shift over to the Disability side, I'd start by saying most of our impact in the quarter in the business was on the Life side. But we are seeing some impacts on the Disability side as well. I would frame this, it's what we expected to see and what we prepared for, for the Disability business. Our ratio -- benefit ratio was 87.3. That was 320 bps better than a year ago. There's really 2 effects. On the STD assets side of the business, we are seeing increased volumes. If you think about the impact that Omicron has had as an example and the isolation rules, that drives the STD in absence. But that's a fee-based business. So the effect we're seeing there really is enhanced expense showing up in the admin ratio. We staffed up to make sure that we're there for our customers because that's job 1. On the LTD side, much like third quarter, we continue to see about a 10% increase in incidents and about a 10% increase in severity. But again, it's what we expected, and it is what we prepared for from a claims management perspective. So we're just proud to be able to deliver on our promises to our customers. And as the pandemic subsides or as it flows into being more of an endemic, we know that our benefit ratios will come back into the normal range.
Andrew Sullivan: So John, it's Andy. I'll take your question. So I don't have the exact percentage at my fingertips, but I'll make some high-level commentary. So as I think you're very aware, those contracts renew anywhere from every 2 years to say, every 5 years, and it's very much based on the size of the business with the smaller cases renewing more frequently every 2 years and large national accounts renewing approximately every 5 years. 80% of our group insurance block of business is national accounts. So our renewal cycle, they would tend to be more towards the longer end of that spectrum. From a pricing perspective, now that we're entering the third year of the pandemic and it's probable at least that this will go from pandemic to endemic, we very much felt that we needed to take our COVID experience from the last 24 months and to put it into our new business and renewal business pricing. And we have done that on both the Life and Disability side. So that business will reprice over the next few years.
Andrew Sullivan: Yes. Tracy, so it's Andy. Thank you for your question. So yes, we did 2 transactions in the fourth quarter for $210 million. And as you noted, that was on the heels of a very successful transaction in 3Q, which ended up being the largest transaction of the year and we were one of the top writers of the year. I guess I'd make 2 comments. One, the market outlook here for the size of the market remains very strong. The funding levels are at the strongest they've been in 10 years, funded status at the end of November was at 98%. So we believe that the market is going to stay large. And as a pioneer and a leader in the space, to your point, despite it becoming more competitive, there are more competitors, we are still seeing that we -- by being disciplined with underwriting and pricing, we could pick our spots. And we could pick our spots and given the size of the market, we'll win our fair share and we'll be able to continue to grow that business, thanks to our brand and our capabilities.
Andrew Sullivan: Maybe the only thing I would add is, Tracy, both our U.S. Insurance and Retirement businesses and our PGIM business, we're big, we're broad, we're well diversified. And there are plenty of spots in our business system where this environment is very good. And I just mentioned, we are one of the largest real estate investors in the world, # 3 by assets under management. And obviously, an inflationary environment could be very helpful for that business.
Andrew Sullivan: Sure, Humphrey. It's Andy. So let me first bring it up a level to talk about how do we think about this strategically. So as we've talked about expanding our addressable market and bringing more solutions to more people, we continue to believe that the workplace is a great place to grow because of the reach and access that it gives us. We've been executing on a strategy in our group business very consistently over the last 5 years to grow and in particular, to grow in certain spots, to grow in middle market, so smaller cases, to grow our disability block and to grow our voluntary capabilities in block so that we diversify the business further. And that makes a lot of sense because a lot of clients in the group space bundle. As I said earlier, the majority of our business at Group Insurance is large national account and the majority is life. So we feel we have a lot of room to grow. And in essence, we're going to stay the course on our value prop. We've invested quite significantly in strengthening our overall value prop, both our financial wellness capabilities but also our core fundamental capabilities in both Life and Disability. Your question about how do you do it in an environment like we're in? It's all about discipline, right? It's about being disciplined in pricing and underwriting and making sure that you -- especially on the Disability side, that you maintain strong disability claims expertise and staffing, so that you could properly manage the business in an environment where we're seeing increased incidence and severity.
Andrew Sullivan: Mike, it's Andy. I'll take your question. And the answer is, we don't believe so. At 98%, plan sponsors are very willing to lean in and to transact. I think plan sponsors, when they're in this range and they see the volatility in the marketplace, it really drives the desire to transact and to derisk their pension plans. So there's no magic number. Having said that, we think at these levels, we're going to continue to see robust markets.
