Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the third quarter of 2022 relative to our second quarter results. As noted, pre-tax adjusted operating income in the second quarter was $872 million and resulted in earnings per share of $1.74 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense for how our third quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items. First is an adjustment for two one-time items that net to a charge of $571 million in the second quarter. Our annual assumption update and other refinements resulted in a net charge of $1.4 billion, primarily driven by our Individual Life business, as Rob previously described. This was partially offset by a $852 million gain from the sale of a block of legacy variable annuities. Next, variable investment income outperformed expectations in the second quarter by $80 million. Third, we adjust underwriting experience by a net $25 million. This adjustment includes a placeholder for COVID-19 claims experience in the third quarter of $5 0 million for our International Businesses, primarily due to hospitalization benefits for policyholders recovering from COVID-19 at home in accordance with the special regulatory provision in Japan that is currently in effect. We have also updated our mortality assumptions for the US Businesses to include continued COVID-19 mortality with an expected gradual transition to an endemic phase over time. While we have attempted to reflect COVID-19-related claims experience, the actual impact will depend on a variety of factors such as infection and fatality rates, geographic and demographic mix, and the effectiveness of vaccines. And last, we expect other items to be $30 million lower in the third quarter, primarily due to lower than typical expenses in the second quarter that were partially offset by lower other related revenues in PGIM and lower joint venture earnings. These items combined get us to a baseline of $2.63 per share for the third quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the third quarter, earnings per share would be $2.75, a modest decline primarily due to lower fee income as a result of market depreciation, lower underwriting income due to the updated actuarial assumptions, and continued COVID-19 mortality that is now reflected in our US Businesses expected results. While we have provided these items to consider, please note there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the third quarter. Turning to slide 11. I will now comment on the upcoming adoption of the new accounting standard for long-duration insurance contracts, also known as LDTI, which goes into effect on January 1st, 2023. The new accounting standard applies to our GAAP financial statements and will have no direct effect on our statutory financial statements, cash flows or dividend capacity. We estimate that adjusted book value, which excludes accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, will be reduced by $1 billion to $2 billion as of December 31st, 2021. This reflects the reclassification of non-performance risk gains from retained earnings to AOCI and other changes in reserves. We believe adjusted book value, which excludes AOCI, remains a relevant measure as AOCI and GAAP equity will continue to lack symmetry in the valuation of invested assets and insurance liabilities. We estimate that AOCI will be reduced by approximately $28 billion to $33 billion as of December 31st, 2021, primarily due to the remeasurement of long-duration liabilities with a lower discount rates, primarily in our Japan business. Also of note, GAAP equity and adjusted book value will continue to exclude certain unrealized insurance margins from products subject to LDTI. As of December 31st, 2021, the estimated after-tax unrealized insurance margins related to those products are expected to be $60 billion to $65 billion, primarily in our Japan business. These margins represent an important factor in determining financial strength. Turning to Slide 12. We continue to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding. Our capital position continues to support a AA financial strength rating and we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets were $7 billion and above our $3 billion to $5 billion liquidity target range, due to the receipt of proceeds from the sales of our full service retirement business and a block of legacy Variable Annuities and other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses as well as contingent capital facilities. Turning to Slide 13 and in summary, we are executing on our plans to reposition our businesses. We are expecting to reach our targeted cost savings one year ahead of plan and our rock-solid balance sheet provides financial flexibility to execute on our transformation and thoughtfully deploy capital. Now I'll turn it to your operator for questions.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey Tom, it's Ken. Let me give you a little bit of background on the assumption update. As I think most people know, each year in the second quarter, we examined our updated experience that's available from our own business, but we also look at information that's available from industry studies and other surveys.  And again, this year, we followed our process that's quite comprehensive and well established. We did make updates to our individual life insurance actuarial assumptions, primarily for policyholder persistency and mortality. Let me start with the policy persistency changes, that was mainly with our guaranteed Universal Life products, where we lowered our lapse and surrender assumptions and that revision reflected information, we gained from recently released studies and surveys, as well as our recent emerging experience. And so, we essentially refined into a more dynamic lapse assumptions for that portion of the business. In terms of mortality, we also included the impact of COVID-19 claims with the expectation of shifting from endemic to -- or from a pandemic to endemic phase. And we also lowered future mortality improvement, as well given recent trends. Now the majority of the reserve strengthening was the result of the policyholder persistency assumption. The mortality updates were more modest and across all of our businesses.
Ken Tanji: Yes. The updated assumptions are applied to our statutory reserves as well. It will have a comparable magnitude of impact but we're well positioned to maintain strong regulatory capital ratios. We have a strong capital position overall, and we continue to have diverse sources of free cash flow going forward as well.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Ryan, it's Ken again. I'll take those. No, we don't expect a significant overall impact for either of those. The longevity factors were incorporated, I believe, last year and including some correlation benefits between longevity and mortality and given the updated -- the updates to mortality that have been proposed, those will be manageable and again, reflective of the good combination of business that we have that is both longevity-based and mortality-based.
Ken Tanji: Okay. Yes, Ryan, yes. The -- we did launch a new company last quarter. It's a new reinsurance company that's based in Bermuda, which we call LOTUS Re. We think it's a really good capability to have. We've reinsured a block of variable life policies to that company. We're obviously following the BMA standards. The business is well reserved and capitalized, including the capital that we put in, in it last quarter. But it's also very well aligned with the economics of that business. So going forward, we do believe this will be a more efficient capital framework for our Variable Life business that's well aligned with the economics of that business as well.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey, John, it's Ken. Let me just -- the unrealized insurance margin is -- that we're referencing here and quantified is under the GAAP constructs. And you can think of it as basically the present value of future premiums less the amounts of the premiums needed to provide claims -- to provide for claims. So it's margin above and beyond what's needed to support the expected claims. It is indicative of the profitability of the business, and the majority is from our Japan business, and it's reflective of what we think is the strong profitability of our Japan business. It's -- there is good embedded profits there and value, and it is a potential source of free cash flow over time. And if we choose to reinsure a block of it as well, we could release capital that way.
Ken Tanji: It would have a similar impact on GAAP earnings. I'm not -- we'll have to get back to on the quantum of that, but there would be a future impact to strengthening going forward. 
Ken Tanji: Yeah, overall this will be very manageable, as I mentioned, where we think we're well positioned to maintain strong RBC statutory ratios. And right now, we're not expecting to have to infuse additional capital as a result.
Ken Tanji: Go ahead, Andy. All right. I was talking about that. Maybe I'll just comment. The -- we did close the PALAC transaction. And it was -- it came in as we were expecting and would reduce our earnings by about $75 million a quarter, and that is very consistent with what we had announced at the time of the transaction.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Overall -- and we'll be providing more disclosure around the whole transition to the new accounting standard as we -- around the time that it is implemented. But let me provide some overall thoughts on earnings. First, overall, we don't expect a significant impact on the level of core operating earnings. Certain businesses have little or no impact like PGIM and group insurance. And from our insurance and retirement businesses in the US and internationally, some will be a bit higher, some will be a bit lower. But overall, that's generally offsetting. So again, overall, we don't expect a significant change in the level of our core operating earnings.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Tracy, that was done by a private party, and it did involve a number of people in the industry. We're not at liberty to disclose who was in there. That's proprietary information of the study. So that's about what I can tell you.
Ken Tanji: Yes. During the quarter, we did have some favorable items. We did have an FX gain that was helpful this quarter. We did have some other lower expenses and then there is some timing. And we do expect to have seasonally higher expenses in the second half of the year. But given where we are in the first half, we would expect to be modestly below the 1.650 billion guidance that we originally gave.
Andy Sullivan: Hey, John, good morning, it's Andy. Ill take your question. Maybe I'll bring it up a level and say that the general effect that we saw during the pandemic was companies really pulled back on switching their benefit plans. As we've come through the pandemic and as hopefully we're coming out the other side, and it's becoming more endemic, we've seen, basically, in the marketplace, a normal level of RFP activity. So things have gotten sort of back to normal. When we talk about our persistency, we're very pleased with our persistency results. And as you would imagine, we track very closely the profitability of the business that we retain versus the profitability of the business that we lose. And part of the secret sauce of managing group insurance businesses is, sometimes addition by subtraction. If we can't get the rates that we want to get to move a case to profitability, we -- our plan and our intention and our follow-through is always to let it go. But we're quite pleased at the persistency levels in the business.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Elyse, this is Andy. I'll take your question. The assumption update does have an ongoing impact on our Individual Life business. It reduces our core earnings capability in the neighborhood of $30 million per quarter. So our core run rate was about $105 million before, so it brings it down to $75 million. What you're seeing in our walk on the slide, remember that we expect to have $20 million of higher underwriting gains seasonally in third quarter of 2022. So if you make that adjustment, that gets you to that 96 baseline.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Elyse, it's Andy. I'll take the question. Let me start by reiterating that we're still very focused on scaling up revenue in each of the distinct product lines in the Assurance IQ platform, as that really is what's required to get the business to achieve profitability. With that said and you sort of pointed to this, there are a number of things that are important to discuss this quarter as we've made really good progress in Medicare Advantage that was somewhat masked. First, we did have a $17 million negative LTV adjustment, that is a direct impact on revenue, that was an adjustment -- assumption adjustment based on our persistency. Second, we saw an impact on the under 65 healthcare business versus the year ago quarter as the Biden administration did not open up a special enrollment period like they did last year. Those two factors really masked a 64% improvement in Medicare Advantage enrollments and a resulting 35% increase in Medicare Advantage Commission revenue versus a year ago quarter. So, we are pleased with the continued underlying fundamental strengthening in the Medicare Advantage product line. The first part of your question is, how we're feeling about our preparation. We're making very good progress in becoming ready for the fourth quarter open enrollment season from an agent preparedness perspective specifically. We've now -- we'll be entering our third year, so we have the benefit of two full cycles underneath us. And candidly, we're seeing great success in hiring agents, partly due to the difficult time that some of the smaller players in the space are having.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Ken, maybe I'll just jump in and add. I just may bring it up a level back to our intentional strategy to reduce our exposure to traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits to be less than 10% of our enterprise earnings. And so that reduction is very intentional, and it was the two-step process of pivoting and runoff that remains on track. We saw $2.9 billion in runoff this quarter. And then, obviously, the derisking transaction. But the other major part of that was pivot to our FlexGuard chassis, a more simpler design, less volatile design. And we're certainly pleased with the continued strength of those sales.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Jack, it's Andy. I'll take your question on flows. As we've talked about in the past, flows at PGIM will vary quarter-to-quarter. So we stay very focused on the long-term track record. In Q2, third-party net flows were roughly flat as very strong institutional inflows of $8.1 billion were offset by the retail outflows of $8.3 billion. Let me give you some color on that. So the $8.1 billion of institutional inflows represented our best quarter since 2018, and those flows were positive across every geography that we operate in. The real drivers where we continue to see clients, their algorithms, institutional clients algorithm shifting into fixed income as the rates rise, and we also see those clients continuing to seek yield in our private and alternative strategies. On the retail side, I would say the story is we were impacted like the rest of the industry by headwinds in the active fixed income and growth equity space. The industry experienced $305 billion in outflows across active US mutual funds as individual investors continue to reposition. Every top 10 fixed income manager and nine of the top 10 active growth equity managers posted negative flows. So, -- but despite that environment, our PGIM investments moved up to the number 16 US mutual fund family in the quarter by assets under management. I'll end the way I typically do, which is we're confident that we're going to be a net flow winner over time. As we look at our business, we have a broad and diversified product portfolio. We continue to put up very strong long-term investment performance, and we have great distribution. So, we'll continue to build on our track record of 18 of the last 19 years of positive flows, and we're quite proud of that.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Charlie, I would just add that we've had a very explicit strategy that we remain committed to, and the path forward is clear. We recognize the disappointing and volatile aspects of GUL. But remember that our strategy has been about pivoting and derisking the business. We see selling GUL -- single life GUL in third quarter of 2020 and we began to rotate the product portfolio towards simpler designs, inclusive of variable universal life final expense and simply term. We also have been very much leaned into reducing expenses to make the business more efficient. So as we're doing that, we're seeing the new business sales, where we have a lot of pricing power and we like the positive returns of that block of business that we're putting on, and we're filling that gap that Charlie talked about.
Charlie Lowrey: Yea, sure. We’re seeing a number of different opportunities at this point in the cycle. You're beginning to see other things or some things free up that wouldn't have been there before and at reduced multiple. So it's a good time to have flexibility in order to be able to think about that kind of acquisition. What I would say is, I'll make a couple of observations. The first is our strong balance sheet provides us with the flexibility to manage through whatever macroeconomic conditions we may face as we look forward. And that's going to be an important consideration for us as we go forward. But second, to your point, having a strong balance sheet in a dislocated market means that we can take advantage of opportunities that present themselves. So we're going to be -- we do have a strong balance sheet. We're going to remain flexible with that balance sheet, and we're going to look for opportunities that may present themselves in the current economic environment.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. This is Charlie. Let me take that one. It's going to be a combination of both, right? Because in the -- as we've done in the past, we're going to continue to be thoughtful about the deployment of proceeds, especially in light of the macroeconomic conditions, and we've always said we're going to be good stewards of capital. But we're going to -- what we're going to do is to continue to demonstrate a discipline, a consistent and a balanced approach to the redeployment of capital within our businesses for acquisitions and to our shareholders, while fulfilling a commitment to our financial strength by maintaining a strong balance sheet. So, we're going to look at a combination of, again, investment in our businesses, acquisitions, returns to shareholders, but also divestitures if they make sense. And we've always said we'll look at additional divestitures of blocks of business, but only if they make sense. And that's what we're going to do as we go forward. So, it will be -- we'll get to our goals through both addition and potentially subtraction, but it has to make sense on both sides for shareholders.
Charlie Lowrey: Okay. Thank you very much, and thank you for joining us today. We've made significant progress reducing our market sensitivity, while investing in sustainable long-term growth, advancing our cost savings program and returning capital to shareholders. Looking ahead, we are confident that our strategy, along with our solid financial position will help us deliver an even more meaningful difference in the lives of our customers and delivering value to all our stakeholders, including providing attractive returns to our shareholders, while enabling us to fulfill our vision to become a global leader in expanding access to investing insurance and retirement security. Thank you again for joining us and for your time today.
