Mark B. Grier: This is Mark. Just one quick correction. I'm advised by my colleagues that I misspoke with respect to year-ago Star/Edison synergies. It wasn't $500 million, it was 5. Maybe a little wishful thinking in there.
Mark B. Grier: But I think Ryan was asking a different question. He was asking how much over and above the 615 [ph] we intended to put in, in support of the acquisition. That's the number that we're not prepared to give you today nor are we prepared to give you the expense synergies today.
Mark B. Grier: Well, as you know, we're in the midst of the process right now, reviewing the designation question. We're in stage 3 of that process, which is interactive, involving the company and a variety of regulators and FSOC staff. I guess relative to what we thought at the beginning of the summer, the process is moving more quickly. They have set more ambitious deadlines and targets and objectives for addressing the designation process. However, the loose end there relates to the question of capital standards and solvency and risk regime if we are designated as a SIFI. And that process is more uncertain. It's possible that we could go through the designation process without having a resolution of the capital and solvency regime question. And so, I would still, I guess, convey some uncertainty around the timing of knowing, understanding and implementing whatever capital insolvency rules might arise if we are designated a SIFI. So while designation is -- may be moving more quickly, although that's a process that, as Rich said, is an earnest and hard-working process with good quality, give-and-take, the issue of standards is still highly uncertain.
Mark B. Grier: Eric, it's Mark. With respect to the time horizon for the assumptions, it reflects the duration of the products. So where we need a 30-year assumption, we have a 30-year assumption that reflects the decrease in expected returns that we just talked about. So that long-term assumption is over the life of the underlying products. And by the way, it is stable over the lifetime. We extrapolate the returns from 4 years to 10 years to 26 years or whatever we need. With respect to the question about why lower returns, I think, at 40,000 feet, maintaining a reasonable relationship between fixed income returns and equity returns is appropriate. The risk premium in the market tends to be, over a long period of time, fairly durable and we're reflecting in our assumptions now interest rates lower by 100 basis points. And so, coincident with the broader return picture and relative return relationships, it seems appropriate to reconsider the equity return as well, otherwise we'd be widening the gap and probably distorting some of our reserve entries, where we're more heavily dependent on equity assumptions. It may be viewed as conservative, but we would certainly view it as appropriate.
Mark B. Grier: It's generally total return to investor because, ultimately, what matters here is the accumulation of assets either in our general account where we support a product or in a separate account where the client owns the asset.
Mark B. Grier: We got comfortable, I guess -- or maybe the way you're asking it, in 2 -- sort of in 2 worlds. One is, with respect to where we are today, we apply a pretty sharp-penciled analysis to the economics of these transactions, and we're very careful about understanding the risk dynamics and concept of economic capital that we believe is consistent with what you guys as investors would expect and demand on these products. From there, in terms of the current picture, we also look very closely at the statutory impact then we look very closely at the GAAP impact. So there are 3 prongs, 3 different levels to the static question about the way that fits our books and where we have to be comfortable, and the answer is we have to be comfortable with all 3. Then looking at the question of SIFI-ness and the possibility of operating in a different capital regime and what this may mean, we have had a view that we're well run and well capitalized and doing the right things with respect to both risk and balance sheet, and that we'll address SIFI standards and issues around whatever insolvency and capital regime we face at the time that, that's actually settled. And as we pointed out, we generate a lot of capital. If we have to do something different in order to satisfy a new requirement, we believe that we have the capacity and flexibility to address those issues.
Mark B. Grier: Yes. When I was talking about the first answer I gave, the idea of a pretty sharp pencil and a careful look at risk adjustment returns and the performance of these products is very much true. We work hard to make sure that we understand the right capital and the right risk return picture here. And while we've talked about this in the context of our stated objectives and made the observation that these transactions are accretive to our objective relative to where we are without them and consistent with the goals that we've set, they are also consistent with what we believe to be the real economics of the transactions. These are sophisticated counterparties. Everybody is doing their homework and looking carefully from both sides at how these happens. And we recognize the discipline of the market to make sure that our economics are fully justified, and we believe they are, but I think what that also means is that if this were a stand-alone company starting up, doing these deals, you would invest in it.
Mark B. Grier: Jimmy, it's Mark. Let me start off on your first one. We set this goal several years ago. And almost everything is different. And we knew when we set it that we were putting a stake in the ground around the earnings power of the company, but we were not putting a stake in the ground around every line item that was going to get us there. And over a period of several years, we know that almost everything is going to turn out to be different. In fact, we faced substantial headwinds with respect to the level of interest rates, and the cumulative impact of that, by the way, is larger than the impact of either of the items that you mentioned. And so our view is not to parse line items and try to reconstruct the -- either each assumption and the way in which that has come through or individual line items on our income statement and balance sheet and the way in which they have evolved in the context of what's come true relative to assumptions. I think the idea at a time was a reflection of our earnings power in a variety of circumstances. And we believe that, as you correctly point out, we made substantial progress, we are differentiated from the pack with respect to our level of returns and we're certainly within an eyelash of being totally consistent, at least in the aggregate, with the objectives that we've set. So I think you can look at the headwinds and look at the negatives and look at the positives, but our view is that we're doing what we said we were going to do under pretty difficult conditions. And you mentioned the macro environment, that would be the biggest one.
Mark B. Grier: Jimmy, it's Mark. I want to come back to one thing. And I know I promised I wasn't going to parse line items, but I want to make sure this pension accounting change doesn't devolve into something that it's not. This pension accounting change mitigates a drag that would not be here under our original assumptions. It doesn't represent an unanticipated benefit or a windfall. It's offsetting something that wouldn't have been part of the negatives as we set the original objective. So you shouldn't be thinking of this as a nice healthy surprise on the upside, you should be thinking of it as something that helps out a little on some of the other stuff that's gone on, on the downside.
Mark B. Grier: I would say, highly uncertain. The discussion of the capital insolvency and risk regime is very much ongoing. And I think there have been lessons in the market about the challenges related to applying the bank stress test to an insurance company, and I believe that those challenges have been noted. So I'd say, very much work in process. I wouldn't want to speculate, and really don't know. That's got to be sorted out.
Mark B. Grier: Well, we need a framework in which to conduct the stress test. We do our own around here. We've talked about our capital protection plan. And the way in which we stress our system for our internal test is actually extremely harsh and probably, all in, in terms of the direct impact on us, harsher than the bank framework. Although, I don't want to comment on a lot of specific details there because we don't do it that way. But we would need a framework in which to conduct the stress test. And right now, I don't think we have that.
Mark B. Grier: In a way, there's something inconsistent because our core business is loss absorption, whereas the approach that's taken to the banking world is to think of loss absorption as an add-on. And for us, it's built into everything about the way in which we reserve and the way in which we manage assets and liabilities and the way in which we capitalized. So -- and there's kind of an anomaly there around the imposition of a loss absorption picture on a company whose core business is loss absorption.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, randy, you know that the AAT reserve will reflect the low rate scenario in the New York 7, so it won't exactly match the assumption that we're using in GAAP. But as Rich pointed out, we had $400 million at the end of last year. It will be rerun this year. Actually, the way AAT works is you start from scratch every year and post a new reserve, and that work has yet to be done.
Mark B. Grier: The help that we provided has been to acknowledge that the range of capital requirements that's been discussed in the marketplace is reasonable in terms of how we think about these businesses and to add that the return is consistent with the objectives that we've set for this kind of a transaction but also consistent with the overall corporate ROE objectives. So we've acknowledged those points and believe that the people who have thought this through and put numbers out there have not been very far off.
Mark B. Grier: Everybody is shaking their head. But it's all in our forecast, but I'm not sure we have it broken out the way you're asking it.
Mark B. Grier: Remember, we've been under the over-side of the Fed since summer of last year when the thrift holding company supervision kicked in at the Fed level, so we have worked with the Fed and discussed our capital actioned with the Fed as we've gone through the past 12 months. In terms of the current status of things, we have de-thrifted, so we're no longer under that umbrella. And as a forward-looking question about the potential impact of SIFI, as I've said, we believe that we're very well capitalized and I think, if you took a proper economic look at the GAAP balance sheet, you would see capital ratios that are multiples of typical bank standards. And we believe that, right now, the emphasize on doing the right thing, and supporting the business and managing capital as, we believe, is appropriate should still be our course.
Mark B. Grier: No -- this is Mark. We look at these deals, as I've used the phrase a couple of times, with a very sharp pencil, and it really is a better deployment of capital that we're looking for. So I know there's been off and on questions about whether or not the potential regulatory environment would nudge us, one way or the other, vis-à-vis acquisitions or business investments versus dividends or share repurchases. And right now, the answer to that is no, we're making these decisions based on the best deployment of capital. These are attractive transactions for us that will allow us in the future to pay more dividends and buy back more stock. And so, I understand the question but that has not been part of our analytic at this point.
Mark B. Grier: The answer is yes. It's totally done, there no further hurdles and that happened right at the end of October
Richard J. Carbone: Okay. We had a $1 billion authorization. We purchased the $150 million in the third quarter, and we are going to purchase another $250 million over the next several months through June 30, 2013 for a total of $400 million.
Richard J. Carbone: Well, what's going to happen is it's going to go in the required equity, required capital up at the top. And then, it's going to -- what's going to happen is we're going to have attributed equity go up through -- due to earnings, and then we're going to go serve on the buybacks, so the buybacks will not deplete the attributed equity. And at the end of it all, I think it'll even out.
Richard J. Carbone: Yes, because the capital that was going to be used to buyback stocks will remain in a FICA or be sent down to FICA.
Richard J. Carbone: I would just like to add one other point because I know there's a lot of folklore running around in the street. The capital that we hold against this product is significantly in excess of capital that we hold against similar products, such as Stable Value, GICs and Group Annuities. So the -- we went back and we lost just a proportion of capital we have traditionally held against these products, these 2 transactions hold per capital at a higher level.
Richard J. Carbone: And Jimmy, the guide in volatility and returns on Gibraltar. Just a quick reminder: In terms of the volatility issue, we have 3 different distribution systems going on inside Gibraltar now. We have the traditional life consultant, we have the bank channel and we have the independent agent. Those last 2 are very spreadsheet-oriented, third-party kinds of supplemental businesses. So you're going to see a lot of volatility, as we've discussed in Investor Day, in those 2, less so on the life consultant one. Although for, frankly, even there for the next couple of years, you'll see more volatility than you have historically or that you will when we finish Prudential-izing the Star and Edison sales organizations. So just to the first point, unlike POJ and Life Planner, inside Gibraltar, for the next couple of years, we will see more volatility in results permanently in the third party but, in the short term, also in the life consultants. And specifically on the Single Premium product, which as you point out, was a primary driver of the bank channel, which is really what it's limited to it, it's not much of a factor outside of that, but inside the bank channel, it really dominated the quarter primarily because, as Mark pointed out in his opening comments, a lot of the competitors have been pulling back for more aggressive either plan designs, product designs or the rate setting. So there, it's gone up a fair bit. The challenge with that part, because it's Single Premium, it's much more sensitive to the interest rate market, so we applied a few techniques there that we don't apply anywhere else. One is we do adjust the crediting rates, but those, obviously, you can't move every time the interest rate market moves. So we will moderate as time goes on with that, as was pointed out. But secondly, we also, in this product can manage the sales volume by channel, so we will limit some of the sales. And the third is we also look at commissions, so we can lower commissions over time both to dampen the sales if we think it's disproportionate and also to improve the profitability. So all 3 of those will be active factors. In general, we're pretty comfortable that, while it's at the lower end of our target range at the moment, as interest rates move up, it will be better. But then on average, it's -- we're comfortable with it as part of the portfolio. For example, while it's high in this quarter, year-to-date, it's less than 20% of our sales, which I think is a key fact to keep in mind unlike some of the competitors who concentrate or are even limited to third party. For us, this is simply part of a supplemental distribution.
Richard J. Carbone: Well, it's going to -- it's not going to be spread across a whole bunch of areas. The first step is the charge will reduce surplus, but at year end -- and I don't want to get into this now, at year end, we will have to run the AAT testing against the cash flows and establish an AAT reserve at year end.
Richard J. Carbone: Right. As you know, AAT is sensitive to interest rate. So as interest rates have graded down over the years, we have been building in AAT reserves for our long-term care. I can give you the math. At year-end 12/31/11, that AAT reserve for long-term care was $400 million.
Richard J. Carbone: No, no, no. You apply the same, we applied the same rules in long-term care, as we did across the portfolio.
Richard J. Carbone: Yes, there is. There's a -- there's not a corresponding charge. There's an independent calculation in statutory for this event in the 3Q, but that will be refreshed in the 4Q when the final number is cast.
Richard J. Carbone: Randy, in a way, it doesn't matter because, whatever that capital is, it's going to return the hurdle rates that we need to support our 13% objective.
Richard J. Carbone: Cumulative over time, it may amount to something, but one year, I wouldn't sweat over it. I guess the other thing I'd say, John, this is John, is that what is important to keep in mind here is that some of these moves we've made recently that, start at the 2 risk transfer transactions, Hartford and Star/Edison, had all made us less market sensitive, less appreciation sensitive, and we clearly were going into the financial crisis. And we've got a lot more balance. They've got more stability, kind of like International, and Star/Edison. It's got both stability, scale and growth but it's a materially enhanced business mix from the one we had at that time. And less dependent on appreciation, frankly, more driven off of business fundamentals on flows and sales than as that time too. So we think we're in a much better place.
Richard J. Carbone: That was a very economic transaction we did back in August. We took out some senior debt, higher-costing senior debt, replaced it with lower-costing junior capital, okay, got the equity credit. And as we conditions like that present ourselves -- themselves in the future where we can call expensive debt and restructure our capital structure to make it more efficient, we will do it.
Richard J. Carbone: This decision to reduce leverage below the 25% level is ours. And what -- it's not that big a change. We have always had a target of 25%. Over the past couple of years, that's bumped up above that, and our objective is to get it below 25% so if we want to do something and we push it back to 25% or we push a bit over 25%, it's okay because everybody is confident. Then we're going to push it back down below it. So yes, 25% is our target. We'd like to run a little bit, borrow that, but we're not going to not push it back there if there's the right deal, it's got a lot of economics and it can support the leverage.
Richard J. Carbone: Okay. What's going in there, there is some mean reversion. It's not wholesale unlockings that we're expecting on anywhere along the magnitude that we talked about this year. That bucket is 90% Hartford and Star/Edison integration costs. Then maybe a little in there is we use the mean reversion technique. If the equity markets don't perform the way we plan for them to perform, we have a mean reversion formula. We may have to unlock a bit of DAC in there. But that column now does not -- plans for a modest amount of that. It's mostly Star/Edison and -- or at Hartford.
John Robert Strangfeld: I'll take the capital base. Let me do that first. Let me do the capital piece first. That capital is going to -- the capital that we're going to get to pay for Hartford is coming from the reduction in the buybacks. So the capital capacity we're paying is relatively unchanged as a result.
John Robert Strangfeld: And this is John. Suneet, I'd like to add on to that. Actually, not the question you asked but I think providing a better context around how we think about pension risk transfer as an important thing to do because I don't think we've really done that in a setting like this other than focusing on individual transactions. So let me just take a moment. And then, if there's a second part of your question, we'll come back to it. But let me just take a moment to talk about this a little because innovation of a scale of this magnitude is rare. And from our point of view, this is a wonderful complement to organic growth in M&A, and some context around it is, I think, is useful. This did not arise because of some sort of opportunistic flash in the pan that came in over the transom and nor is this is a kind of business that's simply driven by the sleight of hand and structuring or pricing. In our case, what we did is we established a dedicated PRT, pension risk transfer team as an R&D project in 2007. We saw some interesting macro forces. We thought we were well positioned for a whole variety of reasons. And frankly, we continue to invest in [ph] it and right through the financial crisis. And the reason for that is we thought that there are a lot of good reasons why we would have the opportunity to be well positioned to take advantage of this. And in a sense, this type of opportunity is just the opposite of a commodity. It's complex, it's big, it's multidimensional and high-value added. And while it may be less obvious to the outsider -- to the client, it's just best done by those who have businesses and cultures that do a really good job of interweaving different disciplines. And what I'm talking about there are things like actuarial investment business, legal, administration and asset management skills. It's not easy for people to do this or to replicate it. And furthermore, it's not only about the pricing. It's about the confidence a client has in a high-quality close and execution and doing it on a timely basis as GM has been quite focused upon and Verizon will be as well. I think you'll find -- for those who are thinking about this area and trying to put in some context, I think you'd find that we have very good marks for this in the industry. And I actually doubt that anyone else -- any other insurer, at least, has started in early -- as early or invested as heavily as we have in this era. So I think this is what explains both our interest in this area and I think what explains our early successes and market-leading position. Now when you back, back to the financials of this, just to complete the picture, what this produces is a stable earnings stream with moderate market sensitivity. It's consistent with our 13%-plus ROE goal. It involves risks that we know and manage well, and it doesn't have onetime costs or synergy phase-ins that are normally associated with a large outsized activity. And when we look at this from a multi-year context, when you think about what we've done post crisis, whether it's a strong organic growth, whether it's the well-executed M&A like Star/Edison and, prospectively, Hartford, and then the addition of the outsized organic growth on PRT, we really think this is probably the best business portfolio we've ever had in terms of an attractive balance of growth, stability and sustainability. So that's how we're thinking in the broadest terms about PRT, the role it plays and our thinking perspectively. And I understand that wasn't exactly to your question, but it felt like there's an opportunity here for me to speak to that.
John Robert Strangfeld: But just taking from Mark's point: We conduct our own internal stress test, and we put in a plan in place to remediate the impacts of that stress.
John Robert Strangfeld: You got the math right. I just want to correct one thing, well not correct one thing, modify one thing you said. What I was saying was that the -- and Mark -- to embellish on Mark's point. Mark said that you guys are out there calculating what you think the capital we need to hold against these transactions are. And I'm talking about risk transfer. You're in the ballpark, okay? And that is the ballpark, those ratios, the 5% to 6% that you just quoted, exceed the historical capital that we keep against GICs and stable value and group annuities, and yet we are getting our hurdle rates on those higher capitals as we do on those other products.
John Robert Strangfeld: It's hard to tell. Maybe slightly dilutive to being a push. Meaning, that started up [ph] between a buyback and making an acquisition. In the long run, it will be accretive. In the short run, it's likely a push to be accretive [ph].
John Robert Strangfeld: I guess I would say that -- Tom, that generally speaking, the organic growth is cheaper and less intrusive way to develop business than M&A. And outsized organic growth, like the PRT activity is particularly attractive, for the reasons we talked about. Everything from skill sets and absence of onetime costs that are -- or the execution risks and synergy realization. This sort of thing. So we still feel very, very positive about the role that they have and the opportunity that presents itself to put the capital to work.
John Robert Strangfeld: I think we are -- we look at pricing relative to the markets and relative to our assumptions. So as Mark said, we just changed pricing on some of our life product. We changed pricing recently on annuities. We're changing pricing in our Group products. So we look at this continually and we'll change pricing accordingly. And these assumptions feed into those decisions. So it's a continuous thing we do and we'll continue to do it going forward.
John M. Nadel: Okay, got it. Okay. And then I just -- I know you guys don't want to talk about capital deployed or earnings expected from any of these one-off transactions individually, the GM, the Verizon or the Hartford, but I'm hoping you'd be at least somewhat willing to give us some help in understanding the capital deployed and the earnings contribution from maybe the 3 of them in aggregate. I mean, there's an awful lot of -- it appears, anyway, that there's an awful lot of capital and there's an awful lot of earnings that ought to come that's being deployed and should be generated from these transactions. At least in part, it's being funded by what was otherwise expected to be buybacks. So is there any help you can provide on that? Because I think it's an important one.
John M. Nadel: Okay. Well, I -- and that's fair. I think that's been probably a little bit more -- a little bit easier to do, though, with the pension risk transfer deals. I'd -- I'm still sort of curious as to, beyond a reinsurance ceding commission that you'll be paying for the Hartford life deal, how much more capital you'll be putting behind that once it's on your books, but...
John M. Nadel: Well, I -- and John, I appreciate that. Where I was trying to go with the question was I -- your business mix versus many of your larger peers has been less rate sensitive, more capital markets sensitive. And in an environment certainly post the election where it appears, long-term rates, lower for even longer, I would have thought there'd be even that much more interest in Prudential on a relative basis. That's why I was trying to go there.
