John Robert Strangfeld: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. The central message today is that we had strong results in the second quarter, and we are on pace to achieve our goals for the year. While we've clearly benefited from some tailwinds, including strong investment results and favorable mortality, business fundamentals are the main driver of our improving results. We think it's significant that each of our divisions produced higher earnings than a year ago. Mark and Rob will review the quarter in greater detail in a few minutes, but here are a few highlights. Our Asset Management business achieved its 27th consecutive quarter of positive institutional flows. Also, retail flows were positive. Sustained growth in assets under management is driving growth in asset management fees and in operating income. Our Annuities business has benefited from a sustained period of favorable equity markets, which has driven higher earnings, improved returns and a lower risk profile. We are very comfortable with the expected profitability, as well as the risks of the products we are selling today. Over time, we expect the risk profile of this business to improve as the composition of our block gradually shifts to products with less equity market exposure. Retirement continued to produce outstanding results, largely because of strong investment spreads, including a contribution from non-coupon investments that was modestly higher than our average expectation. Although we recorded no pension risk transfer transactions in the second quarter, we completed 3 PRT deals in July, including a landmark longevity reinsurance transaction, which will hit our books in the third quarter. We continue to believe that PRT, both funded transactions like GM and Verizon, as well as those where we solely reinsure longevity risk, is an attractive business opportunity for Prudential. Individual Life Insurance and Group Insurance both achieved higher adjusted operating income this quarter. In Individual Life, the Hartford integration continues on track, and expense synergies contributed to the positive earnings result this quarter. In Group Insurance, experience was more favorable than a year ago in both life and disability. We are confident that Group Insurance is on the right track, but improvement will not be linear. Finally, International Insurance recorded solid results in the face of difficult sales comparisons and currency headwinds. Life Planner results benefited from sustained business growth and improved claims experience. Gibraltar's earnings topped $500 million for the first time, modestly above the strong result a year ago and a seasonally strong second quarter. Productivity in the Life Consultant channel is back to pre-acquisition levels, and the rate of decline in agents is slowing. And over time, we expect the number of life consultants to stabilize and then to grow, and that will give the business a further boost. So overall, we feel very good about our quarter and our business trends. And with that, Mark, over to you.
John Robert Strangfeld: I wouldn't look to characterize our overall Retirement flows in the third quarter, Tom, the way that, for example, the longevity reinsurance deal for BT will show up, as it will show up in our flows and in our account values, but it won't show up on our balance sheet, given the fact that we're not holding assets vis-à-vis that deal. I would also point out that while we're very pleased about the kind of multiple transaction count in the month of July, we think it reflects a good pace of activity and good pace of our profile in that industry. The other 2 transactions, while we're very happy about them, they were significantly smaller. One was a longevity deal for about $1.7 billion, and the other was a funded deal for approximately $350 million.
John Robert Strangfeld: I think it is, as you say, Tom, inherently lumpy. The -- what we saw in this quarter was actually, on the Full Service side, some pretty good flow in terms of transaction count and number of deals we closed. However, only one of them was above the $100 million mark that we use to characterize large transactions and that one just barely, while we had 4 lapses that we'd characterize as large and a significant portion of that was driven by M&A activity, in other words, our clients being acquired and the business being merged away from us to the other provider. And that's obviously inherently difficult to predict. But we're -- while we still see this as a very, very competitive business and we do not see that there's any near-term change in the -- in those competitive dynamics, we're pleased with the degree of activity that we see in this business. We're pleased with the condition of our pipeline. I think that's reflective of the investments we've made in the business, so that is encouraging.
Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'm going to provide you an update on some key items under the heading of Financial Strength and Flexibility. Starting on Slide 24. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. As of year-end, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 456%, with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $13.9 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio continues to be well above our 400% target at Prudential Insurance, after giving effect to the results for the first half of the year. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 777% and 955%, respectively, as of March 31, their fiscal year-end. These reported solvency margins are also well above our targets. Looking at the overall capital position for the Financial Services businesses on Slide 25. We calculate our on-balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our preset RBC ratio target and then add capital capacity held at the parent and other subsidiaries. As of year-end, we estimated that our on-balance sheet capital capacity was about $3.5 billion, including about $1.5 billion that we considered readily deployable. During the first half of this year, we've returned about $1 billion to shareholders. These returns came in the form of quarterly common stock dividends of $0.53 per share in each quarter, for a total of about $500 million, and a repurchase of $500 million of our common stock. The net results of these returns of capital and the capital generated by our businesses in excess of their organic growth needs left us with available on-balance sheet capital capacity of over $5 billion, including about $1.5 billion that we consider readily deployable. Our $500 million of share repurchases in the first half of the year, including $250 million in the second quarter, completed the $1 billion of repurchases authorized under the program that ended on June 30 of this year. As you know, we announced a new $1 billion repurchase authorization in June, which extends through June 30 of next year. Turning to the cash position of the parent company. Cash and short-term investments, net of outstanding commercial paper, amounted to $4.1 billion as of the end of the second quarter. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to deploy, over time, for strategic and capital management purposes. Now I'll turn it back over to John
Robert Michael Falzon: John, it's Rob. I think the simple answer to that question is that we do not use stock buybacks to express a view on the relevant value of [indiscernible]. Rather, what we do is we look at buybacks as a deployment of excess capital that we generate on an annual basis, and we had sort of a waterfall that we've described and how we like to redeploy that. Obviously, it's, first, to finance the internal growth of our businesses; secondly, to provide for inorganic growth, like our PRT business, for M&A; and also, to provide a return to our shareholders. And we do that through the combination of the dividend and the stock buybacks. So not influenced by perception of relevant value of the stock in terms of the priority of how we would distribute that capital.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes. So first and foremost, we expect that credit quality-sensitive capital construct for insurers would have to evolve. It would be imprudent for something other than that to manifest itself in sort of whatever regulatory outcome occurs here. With respect to the reliance on the rating agencies, there is a number of ways to do a workaround around that. Specifically within our own organization, we have internal ratings for all of our privates, including both the corporate bonds and the mortgages that we underwrite. And on the public side, we have mechanisms for being able to back into equivalent ratings without having to have to rely on the rating agency ratings themselves. And I suspect other institutions can get to the same place as well. So we don't view the lack of our reliance -- or the lack of the ability to rely specifically on the rating agencies to be -- as being an impediment to having a credit-sensitive metric ultimately put in place.
Robert Michael Falzon: It's Rob. Essentially, you'll see a net fee coming through each quarter, representing the -- sort of the risk premium fee being applied.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, the payments will be in exchange of the premium payments and then any benefit payment outflows that we need to make in accordance with fulfilling our obligation.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve. I'd be glad to address that. The returns on both longevity transactions and funded transactions are very much consistent with our corporate ROE objectives. In regard to looking at longevity deals, vis-à-vis funded deals, I'd point to 2 key distinctions. First would be the relative capital intensivity [ph] of these transactions. Obviously, every deal is different, and you need to account for that. But if you were going to use a general rule of thumb that said that longevity deals are about 1/5 as capital intensive per dollar of notional amount as funded deals, that would be pretty accurate. The key distinction there obviously being that, in longevity reinsurance, we're not taking on the assets and therefore, not taking on the credit risk that characterizes funded deals. The second point I would make is the emergence of earnings. The longevity reinsurance and funded transactions are highly complementary in this regard. So from both a strategic and a financial aspect, being active in both sides of the market in that regard is very attractive to us. Funded deals, the earnings level -- the annual earnings level gradually decreases over time. In longevity reinsurance transactions, the earnings emergence gradually increases over time. So those are the 2 key distinctions I would make.
Stephen P. Pelletier: I think the longevity market may well develop in the U.S. Certainly, the U.K. has been the leader in that. We also look for potential emergence of the longevity market in Canada, and the U.S. may well follow. But no question that, for us and for the market, in general, the U.K. has been the main leader in longevity reinsurance activity.
Stephen P. Pelletier: John, it's Steve. Equity markets will continue to be the major impact on the ROA going forward, the equity markets, in relation to our expectations. The business is at scale. The business is able to add business flows and account values without significant increase in expenses, so the ROA will continue to benefit from that. The -- in regard to the differentiation between PDI and HDI, those would not make a hugely significant impact on the ROA. There is a differentiation in fee basis between the 2 types of business, but if you're looking at the overall book of business, the -- that would not have a material impact on ROA.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Steven, it's Steve Pelletier. I'd make a couple of comments. First of all, remember that in longevity, we are focusing purely on just that, on longevity reinsurance and not taking on the assets. Second, I'd emphasize the point that in these transactions, both the BT deal and the other longevity deal that I mentioned, we are operating strictly on an offshore basis. And that is a key distinction there. The regulatory picture is very different for us given that posture.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Eric, it's Steve. I assume there will be some degree of response that covers both the bases you mentioned. But we certainly do look for the new mortality tables to, across -- pretty much on an overall basis, increase propensity to transactions. We think that aside from funding levels, there are a couple of -- as we highlighted on Investor Day, there are a couple of fundamental things going on in the marketplace in terms of how plan sponsors look at this liability. One is the new mortality tables, and the other is PBGC premium. And so we think that the ongoing trends on both those fronts will increase propensity to transact.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure. Jimmy, let me -- this is Charlie. Let me take the second one first, and then we'll get back to you on the first one. Let me go through the Life Planner count in Japan, and then I might just comment on the rest of the Life Planner count as well. But in Japan, when you think about Life Planners, there are really 3 ins and outs to the business, and you really have to peel back the onion and look at them. So first, there are the recruits and the terminations, how many people do you actually recruit during a quarter and how many people leave for a variety of reasons. And that was about normal. The second is, as you know, we take Life Planners and some Life Planners choose to become sales managers. And the sales manager's job is to recruit, develop and retain Life Planners. And so over time and in different quarters, you'll get a number of different Life Planners who choose to become sales managers. In this particular quarter, we had more Life Planners who want to become sales managers. That is actually a good thing for the future because we expect the increase in sales managers, over time, to help with Life Planner recruiting in the future. So that actually bodes well in the long term. The third area is when Life Planners go to the bank channel. And here, these are the secondies [ph] we actually introduce into the bank channel. And here, what we do is we take lower-performing LPs, or Life Planners, and give them the opportunity to become secondies [ph] in the bank channel. And as you know, we only hire 2 or 3 applicants out of every 100. We're extremely finicky about who we actually choose to become a Life Planner. And we train them incredibly well to perform 3 different tasks, and that's to prospect, present and to close. But if an LP fails, an LP usually fails because he or she can't prospect. That's the toughest part of the job. But in banks, they don't need to prospect. So as secondies [ph] to the bank, they can perform really well over time. And that's what's happened in this particular quarter as well, is we had more LPs go to become secondies [ph] in the bank channel. So as a result, Japan was down some. If these folks hadn't transferred, the growth rate would have been about the long-term average that POJ has, which is sort of 1% to 2%. But the growth rate isn't unlikely to materially accelerate in terms of hiring LPs because of the number of LPs we have and also our maniacal focus on quality. We're not going to change the quality of our hiring. But I think the long-term average has been sort of 1% to 2%. It'll probably be that way in the future as we go forward. And that's really Japan. In Brazil, it's a slightly different story. You have -- Brazil's up a lot, about 25%. So we have over 800 Life Planners. And there, we expect, in some of our other markets, we would grow Life Planners at a more rapid rate.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: I think you may see some improvement, probably not on the productivity side, because Life Planners already are at a very high level of productivity. On the premium side, over time, what we've seen is that there has been a sort of constant -- and this is over time. It'll vary from year to year, quarter to quarter. But there has been an increase in premium over time. Not going to be huge, but it will add to the growth rate that you would expect on the Life Planner side.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure. I'll take the recruiting first. We don't see in -- we don't see a lot greater competition there because we recruit a very different kind of individual. So what we look for are generally people who haven't been in the insurance industry before but have sales experience that want to do something different, that want to be more in charge of their own compensation structure. And as a result, we continue to recruit a fair number of people. By a fair number of people, meaning the level that we want. So on the recruitment side, we don't see a lot of competition in the vein in which we operate. In terms of products, I would almost say the same thing. There is a fair amount of competition. There's a lot of competition for individual products in the third sector. And in the first sector, if you say just life insurance and savings, we concentrate on Death Protection. That is the core of what we do, and we see less and less people in the death protection market. In other words, a lot of people are moving over into savings products, and savings products are more competitive in terms of pricing. But in terms of traditional life insurance, in which we operate, we -- first of all, we compete as much on service as we do on pricing. And second of all, we are able to hold our prices. So we still feel pretty good about the margins we're getting and the products that we're selling. We have tapped the brake on certain products, as Mark talked about, whether it's the yen retirement income product or in the bank channel, the single-premium yen-denominated whole life. We obviously slammed on the brakes there, but that was our doing for specific purposes. Much have had to do with business mix as opposed to profitability. So on the profitability side, we still feel very good about what we offer, but more importantly, how we offer it. We -- it's a very different kind of sale. We have a needs-based selling process that we started in Japan 25 years ago, and we still adhere to that. So our core is Death Protection. Our core is leads-based [ph] selling, and our core is quality recruits. And we're continuing with that strategy.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Yes. I think you will still see it fall a little bit. I'd say we're in late innings, but we may have some extended innings. So let me just expand on that. In terms of the life consultant count, the rate of decreasing is decreasing, if you will. So we're down 11% this quarter. We were down 14% last quarter, 18% the previous quarter and 20% the quarter before that, so 20%, 18%, 14%, 11%. You can do the math. It's going to continue to come down, and we'll bottom out at some point probably late this year, first half of next year. But it's going exactly as we thought. But interestingly, in terms of the metrics, we're doing well. So in other words, the things that we hoped would happen and expected to happen, frankly, are. So John talked about productivity. Productivity has gone back to the pre-acquisition levels, as we had expected it would. 13-month persistency has increased from 89 -- sort of 89.5% back up to 91%. That's not quite up to the level we had before pre-acquisition, but we're getting back to that level. And finally, the policy -- policies are increasing in size. In other words, the in-force face amount has stayed relatively constant, but the number of policies has decreased slightly. And what that means, it gets back to my previous comment, which is this really makes sense, given the focus on Death Protection, as opposed to Star/Edison, which was really pushing more savings products. So our focus is Death Protection. You're seeing that in the metrics coming out, and you're seeing us, again, focus on quality of life consultants. So numbers will continue to come down for a little while, but they are, as you can see, in the bottoming-out phase. And again, that will probably happen in the next -- by the end of the year, first half of next year, something like that. But this is going all -- along exactly as we planned.
Mark B. Grier: Yes. John, also remember the mix of the in-force. Yes, remember the mix of the in-force. PDI is still small.
Mark B. Grier: Well, handicapping the political process is not my cup of tea. I will point out that there's a lot of momentum, significant sponsorship from both sides of the aisle and endorsements of the idea from a lot of different places, not just confined to Congress. But I can't tell you what's involved in making this happen and how that might play out.
Mark B. Grier: Well, let me start, and then I'll hand it over to Rob. There are approaches to this credit evaluation and link of solvency and capital that reflect the things that we think are important, particularly the probability of default and loss given default. And I'll let Rob add some comments to that.
Mark B. Grier: And this highlights longevity risk, and one of the big motives for transacting is the pure risk dimension. And this kind of puts it right in front of everybody again.
