Mark B. Grier: Yes, this is Mark. I guess I'd start the answer by saying don't try to read something into it that isn't there. We take a fairly long view of capital deployment, and we were uncharacteristically opportunistic in the third quarter. And almost by definition, if you speed up a little bit sometimes, you're going to slow down a little bit some other time, and it's nothing more than that. We're on track with respect to implementing our capital deployment plans, balance sheet is very strong, liquidity is very strong. And so I would encourage you to take a longer view than just a quarter-to-quarter fluctuation. This is not a trading environment for us. Again, we were opportunistic in the third quarter, but we're on track with respect to our longer-term objectives and comfortable with the trajectory.
Mark B. Grier: Suneet, the capital requirements on the investment-only stable value products are pretty small. Annuities are more capital-intensive, and that's the directional answer. But as Rich points out, it does depend on some of the specifics of the products. But Annuities would be more capital-intensive than investment-only stable value.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, favorable mix shift, if Annuities slow down and investment-only stable value speeds up, yes. The wildcard is the defined benefit risk transfer.
Mark B. Grier: Well, off the top of my head, I'd have to say maybe it's sort of in the middle. But that's one where we could do quite a lot of business if the market really does get going. So the wildcard there that I'm referencing is more the potential volume in a market that's just developing.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, Mark, we have a plan for the way in which capital emerges and the way in which it's deployed in the businesses, and we'll be looking at a range of variables, including financial ratios that Rich mentioned. But we're pretty comfortable with where we are and the deployment track and the business track to realize the objective that we've set out there. Keep in mind though that when we set an objective of 13% to 14%, we didn't qualify it by saying it's easy. That reflects what we believe is the earnings power of the company, supported by an appropriate capital structure. And we've got to manage to realize that earnings power, and we have to deploy the capital. And Rich emphasized earlier that everything we do is focused on ensuring that we're accretive to that capital outcome. And so the context of this is that we do have a vision of earnings power and capital that we'll realize our objective and we're going to manage to it.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, this is Mark. I'll start and maybe I'll ask Charlie to make a comment on the business if he wants to. I’d use a little bit broader framework than just deregister. We're in the process of managing the thrift in a way that will remove us from automatic coverage by the Volcker rules. And the issue with respect to the impact of the Volcker rules is concentrated for us in the Asset Management Business where we do sponsor funds and co-invest and the level of activity and market expectations in that arena for us are both inconsistent with compliance with the Volcker rules. So we're looking at the options that we have. You indicated working with regulators. We are working with regulators to assess our options. And we anticipate that over the next few months, we will manage the thrift to a situation where we won't be automatically subject to the Volcker rules. I don't know if Charlie wants to add something to the Asset Management business piece of it, but the objective here is related to our business models and asset management and our ability to execute what is a very, very successful business for us.
Mark B. Grier: And this is Mark on the second question about systemically important financial institutions. Process-wise, there's not a lot of concrete things to point to. There certainly is constructive thinking going on around the question of which kind of institutions might be systemically significant and how to think about those companies. But it's not really clear yet where this will go. Remember that there's a process that would involve the nomination of a company for consideration by the Financial Stability Oversight Council and then a discussion with the company and an opportunity to talk about what it looks like and what that might mean and then questions going forward about exactly how any particular company might be regulated with respect to the metrics and the calibration of those metrics as a nonbank SIFI in the case of Prudential. We continue to engage with respect to discussions on the financial dynamics of insurance companies, particularly in contrast to banks, and we continue to engage on understanding products and risk. One of the sensitivities that I've talked about repeatedly is the need to understand statutory reserving practices because we have capital spread all over the place up and down our liability side because of the way we recognize our sobasic [ph] liabilities. And we continue to get opportunities to engage on that front. So Federal Reserve did put out a paper that contemplated the treatment of nonbank SIFIs. And in the paper, the statement was that they would be looked at the same way banks are looked at. But it really, I believe, was an opportunity to engage and a chance for the nonbank SIFI world in general, the insurance world and then Prudential more specifically to comment on the impact of that and how we would think about it. The specific question about how effective that might be and understanding unintended consequences are all important there. So we have the opportunity over the next couple of months to engage seriously on the issue that we've always thought was most important, which is how we would be looked at if we were a nonbank SIFI, and we'll be prepared to make a constructive comment on that framework and on the issues that we're thinking about in terms of possibly regulated as a SIFI. So the headline is a bit of uncertainty still process-wise and even with respect to whether or not we would be designated systemically important and the opportunity right now to engage on substantive issues around what it might mean if we were.
Mark B. Grier: And it's one of the things to think about. Asset quality is very strong, liquidity is very strong, earnings power has a lot of momentum. So it's one thing to think about, and I think Rich explained it well.
Mark B. Grier: And just quickly on your other question about more regulation in general. Beyond the comments that our own Secretary of the Treasury has made, there's a broader international view that some companies fell through the cracks in a sense as a result of inadequate group supervision. And I think SIFI or not, there will be an emerging group or holding company regulatory environment that we will have to deal with, whether it comes from the franchise of our state regulators extended or from a federal entity here in the U.S. or possibly even something that may emerge from the discussions about international regulation. So I think that's a fact of life that will be a reality for us over the next few years, whether we're a SIFI or not. And, again, the most important concern that we have is that we have a regulatory regime that is sensitive to what our business models look like and what our financial dynamics are and ensure that we play on a level playing field but also balance risk and capital to make sure that the public policy needs to have stability and financial services are also met. So I would say it's something we expect, we think about, we work on and it will be part of life for us, however, it emerges in terms of group or holding company supervision, but I don't think we’ll be the end of the world. We will manage through with our own financial targets probably more aggressive than the regulatory targets anyway.
Mark B. Grier: I don't think so. I wouldn't make that kind of an abstract absolute statement. I think it means there will be careful consideration of the dynamics of the balance sheet and the stress test, which I think will ultimately be the cornerstone of the whole capital management regime. But I think it's going to be carefully considered in the context of what's really there and how it moves. So no, I don't think it's an automatic add-on to the current benchmarks.
Richard J. Carbone: You hit on all the right points. It's going to depend on the business, but all of that capital, one way or another, is going to be deployed at rates that are going to support our 13% to 14% ROE goal. Whether they're used in buybacks or they're used in business, they're going to support that goal for 2013.
Richard J. Carbone: Well, there are 2 different metrics of which their capital needs are driven, right? Annuities capital needs are driven by -- mostly by the deferred acquisition costs that we pay upfront and in the other products, they're driven a lot by longevity and credit risk. So I'm loath to give you a rule of thumb that's going to reconcile pi to Avogadro's number.
Richard J. Carbone: Yes, I'd say that was a push. But once again, I want to make the point that the ROEs in these products are supporting that 13% to 14% return.
Richard J. Carbone: There's another ingredient to that mix, right? And that's the absolute leverage ratio. And we've got this targeted 25% debt to capital ratio. It's important for us, it's important for our rating. That is one ingredient in there that we're always mindful of. And other than that, as capital becomes available at the holding company, we'll reevaluate our buybacks and we'll reevaluate our dividends.
Richard J. Carbone: And Jay, any top line, I thought you might have inferred there that you were thinking about the top line erosion. Any top line erosion was tested with shock lapse in the deal economics, and they're all contemplated in the returns that we've provided to you in the past. So we've contemplated the savings and loss in revenues and the onetime costs. They're all in the ROEs and they're all in our future projections. No surprises.
Richard J. Carbone: It depends on where the acquisition is, right? So acquisitions made out as a holding company, you need to focus on the $2 billion to $2.3 billion. Acquisitions that can be done partially inside those regulated entities with that other capital capacity, we could absorb that capital capacity with some -- with that excess RBC.
Richard J. Carbone: I'm sorry. So it's 27. And, okay, so we'll get a little hiatus on bringing that back down by the ratings agencies we are expecting, but eventually, that's got to work back down to 2. But you make a great point. Cash flow coverage is important, but the -- when the ratio breaks through the 25, that also has a ripple effect on the cash flow coverage. Now we still have cash flow coverages under our measures that meet our standards, but there is strain on them when you push in 25 -- over 25. And that, coupled with the 27 optic, even though it's an optic, needs to be moderated.
Richard J. Carbone: That's correct. Can I just add one -- let me just add one point to that. In an acquisition, where there is cash flow provided by the earnings of that acquisition to cover the fixed charge coverage that you rightfully brought up, that would bump up above the 25 dependent upon the cash flow coming with the acquisition.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure, Nigel. It's Charlie. Obviously, disability, we had a challenging quarter this quarter. And I think that really reflects the continuing effects of the economy. And I think in terms of pricing, when we -- most of our cases are large cases, which means that they're experiential. And since we've had relatively poor experience, we are able to increase the pricing. So we're doing that and we've been doing that since probably halfway through last year. Most of our cases are 2 years or less. So we're beginning to work our way through the pipeline, so to speak.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Yes, it's -- I don't mean to dodge the question, but they really are experiential. And so you get some that are in the low single digits, you get some that are in the double digits. It really depends on the experience. But I think it's fair to say that we are -- we're looking at it extremely closely, and we are getting price increases as we go forward.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Okay. I can't really talk about the first quarter, but what I can do is just talk about the consistency of our sales. I mean, we really look for sustainable profitable growth. And if you look what we did at the beginning of last year, we reduced the benefits and increased the pricing with the acknowledgment that interest rates were probably going to be low and stay low for quite a period of time. That allowed us to have a consistency of product with a sustainable profitability over the long term. And that's what really we look for. So the last 3 quarters have been -- including the fourth quarter, have had a sustainable and fairly level rate of sales. And so we feel comfortable with that level, and we'll look to see what happens this year. But we feel comfortable with what happened last year and where we are in terms of product.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Okay. Let me answer -- you had 2 questions. I'll answer the one about Full Service outflows first. The backdrop here is that we are in the mid to large end of the market. And there that we're still seeing what we saw before, which is low plan formation, not a lot of RFPs out there, and that's affecting plan sales. We're also seeing, as we talked about before, further unbundling in the marketplace and fee disclosures, all of that affects, I think, over time the profitability of the business. So we look at the business and we still like the business, but we're going to exhibit, I think, a fair amount of price discipline in what we choose to take or what we let lapse. And you've seen some of that this quarter. So I think that begins to explain at least some of the outflows that we see. And we're comfortable with the business we're writing, and we're comfortable with the business we're letting lapse. The other side of the business though, as you talk about the IIP business as we call it and the investment-only stable value, we're still very pleased with. We think there is a dearth of this kind of product in the marketplace, pricing is holding up very well. And we continue to see a fair amount of opportunity in this side of the business. So we'll continue to focus on both sides. But in terms of near-term opportunity, I think the IOSB business is -- has a lot of growth potential left.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Yes, sorry. I missed that. In terms of defined benefit risk transfer, I'll take the U.K. and then the U.S. In the U.K., we did do some interesting deals, and they were reinsurance deals on the longevity side. We see that as a market that will continue. The U.K. is, I think, well ahead of the U.S. and has been for years in terms of pension risk transfer and especially longevity risk. And we are participating in that and see a fair amount of opportunity. In the U.S., I think as I just said, the market is a little further behind. We do think this will be a business going forward, but it's challenging obviously given the low interest rates now and the underfunding of the pension plans. But it's a business that we have built up significant capabilities in and think that there will be, over the long term, some significant opportunities going forward.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure. It's actually a great story, and that is, you have the story exactly right. In 2009, we raised prices twice, in May and November, both in term and our universal life and watched in 2010 our sales plummet as a result of that. But we wanted to retain the profitability of the product as we saw going into these markets. The reason why universal life has come back in terms of sales is that our competitors have begun to raise prices up to match ours. So that when you look at our product and you spreadsheet our product, as the financial advisors do, we have gone from third quartile to second quartile in terms of pricing and therefore, we have been able to sell more product. But we have -- again, it's a consistent story. We have been consistent with sort of our anticipation of pricing and our aggressive repricing of product for the markets. And both in Annuities and here and universal life, you've seen our competitors kind of come up to match us.
