Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 12, which provides insight into earnings for the second quarter of 2023 relative to our first quarter results. As noted, pre-tax adjusted operating income in the first quarter was $1.3 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $2.66 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense of how our second quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items. First, variable investment income was below expectations in the first quarter by $150 million. Next, we adjust underwriting experience by $85 million to normalize for first quarter experience. And last, we expect other items to increase adjusted operating income by $25 million, primarily due to the seasonally elevated expenses in the first quarter. These items combined get us to a baseline of $3.20 per share for the second quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the second quarter, earnings per share would be $3.29. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power has improved due to business growth, including the benefit of higher interest rates. While we have provided these items to consider, please note there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 13. Our capital position continues to support our AA financial strength rating. Our cash and liquid assets were $4.6 billion at the high end of our liquidity target range. We have substantial off-balance sheet resources including contingent capital and liquidity facilities. As Charlie noted, we replaced a $1.5 billion contingent capital facility that will mature in November. We remain thoughtful in our capital deployment, balancing the preservation of financial strength and flexibility, investment in our businesses and shareholder distributions. Turning to Slide 14 and in summary, we are transforming our businesses for sustainable growth. We continue to navigate the current macro environment with the financial strength of our rock-solid balance sheet, and we maintain a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. Now I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Hi, Tom, it's Ken. Yes, the NAIC is in the process of addressing what is uneconomic issues with the IMR. They -- as you mentioned, they've released a proposal, and that's out for comment until June 9th. So, they're giving some time to receive input for the industry to work collectively on this. We think it's a big step in the right direction as both the industry, the ACOI regulators that -- they're focused on addressing this issue. Having said that, the proposal needs some changes in a few areas, but there is a process to sort that out. We and many others are engaged in very constructive discussions. It's hard to predict the regulatory process, but it seems it's on the path for changes this year.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Just on your second part of your question, Erik, on sort of what underpins our plans -- what is underpinning our plans is sort of the expectation of a slowing economy and the early stages of a mild recession, which would include an elevated level of credit losses and in-rating migration. And beyond that, though, we also, as Rob just described, we have a variety of stress testing that we also consider. And those are the -- that's what we look at when we set our plans for the year.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey, Elyse, it's Ken. As I mentioned before, we've been planning for the -- all of the $1.5 billion for some time. That's how we built our plans and then in terms of trends and timing 1Q is typically a lower quarter for cash flow from subsidiaries and that’s what we saw this quarter, first quarter and it tends to be higher in subsequent quarters. All of our businesses are profitable in generating cash flow. That includes PICA and PGIM, and we expect cash flows from them as we progress through the year and we expect to operate within our $3 billion to $5 billion of holdco HLA range. It will be higher in some periods and lower in others and that's why we define the range. But overall, we're proceeding very in line with our plans.
Andy Sullivan: Good morning Ryan, it's Andy. I'll take your question. As we always discuss, flows are going to vary quarter-to-quarter. So, we stay focused on the long-term track record. In Q1, we experienced third-party net outflows of $14 billion, driven both by retail and the institutional. On both fronts, as you heard Rob say upfront, it is very much a fixed income story. Our retail outflows were $3.8 billion in the quarter. The fact is we continue to see money flowing out of active US mutual funds and into money market funds, CDs and other short-term solutions. That being said, we did see a slowing of the retail outflows in the quarter consistent with the industry. We would expect this outflow trend to reverse once inflation moderates and the rate environment stabilizes. On the institutional side, net outflows were $10.2 billion for the quarter. That was driven almost entirely by redemptions from public fixed income as institutional investors sought that liquidity, as you mentioned, and DB sponsors de-risk their plans. We would expect that the near-term, flow volatility in the institutional business will remain volatile, given the heightened macroeconomic, geopolitical and market uncertainty. That being said, our long-term investment performance remains very, very strong with over 80% of our benchmarkable assets outperforming the three, five and 10-year marks. We have high confidence in the power of our platform, particularly as sustained higher rates are going to be good for the fixed income business, and we will benefit over time from the synergy between our insurance and asset management businesses. So by paying attention to the fundamentals, we know we'll be a net grower.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Again, it's Andy. Thanks, Ryan. As you know, last quarter, we lowered our run rate expectations for ORR, specifically due to as you're speaking to the expected slowdown in real estate-related revenues. And that shows up in a variety of ways, obviously, both in the agency side, but also as you're talking about in transaction fees and incentive fees. So in the quarter, we came in lower than our expected average, because we saw that real estate slowdown as we expect it. And I guess, the only other thing I would mention is, just a reminder that incentive fees tend to be seasonally low in Q1. So that was definitely a contributor as well. So I think over time, the expected average of about $50 million is still the right ballpark, but definitely, the real estate slowdown will have an impact.
Andy Sullivan: So John, it's Andy. I'll take your question. But let me lift it up a bit and just talk about Japan sales overall. Our Japan operation is competitively advantaged with outstanding distribution, really strong product and a great brand. We were very pleased with the quarter sales results where we had a 4% improvement over the sequential quarter and a 10% improvement year-over-year. That success was well spread out as we experienced material year-over-year growth in the Life Planner, Life Consultant and bank channels. To your question on product, our work on innovating our product designs continues as we drive to ensure that we meet the needs for retirement, wealth transfer and unmet health and care needs. We also continue to drive our efforts around customer experience with a particular focus on strengthening the product and the offering and the experience to small to midsized enterprises. As far as the pandemic related effects and restrictions, we are seeing the COVID related sales challenges begin to subside. But that being said, we are still seeing impacts from a recruiting and retention perspective. But if you look at everything in aggregate, we're quite optimistic about our ability to grow these businesses over time as it always is, our priorities are to deliver strong value to our customers while achieving very, very healthy levels of profitability.
Andy Sullivan: Sure. It's Andy. I'll take the question. Let me start with the second half of your question. So on surrenders. So as we discussed last quarter, our elevated level of surrenders began to decelerate in December. And we've absolutely seen that continue into quarter one, as the surrenders continue to subside all the way through the quarter. So we're seeing that come back and subside pretty consistently. As far as the higher rates, and obviously, when we say that, higher yen rates, higher US interest rates, I would -- as I would always say, higher interest rates are good for Prudential, are good for our businesses, and they're good for our Japanese business. Obviously, that's from an earnings perspective, but also higher yields give us greater flexibility in our product designs and allows us to deliver additional value to our customers while delivering additional value to our shareholders. So, all-in-all, we see these as good trends and good things.
Rob Falzon: Erik, it's Rob. I'll take the first stab at sort of describing how we think about stress testing. And then, Ken, perhaps I'll turn it over to you and you can talk about how we factor that into our capital planning. So we perform -- we have a very robust enterprise risk management capability and perform a whole series of stress tests that vary between our outlook on a base case basis, which includes sort of a moderate decline from an economic standpoint, a full board recession and particularly with respect to our real estate portfolio, we look at -- we run some of the CCARs more severe stress tests that the banks are subject to as well. The results of those are factored into both our capital planning and our reserving. We haven't, Erik, updated any disclosure on that. But what I would say is if you look back to when we first -- or last, I should say, provided some disclosure on that was back in the first quarter of 2020, the order of magnitude that we articulated then in terms of the impact coming from the portfolio from a credit cycle is roughly same order of magnitude today. Ken, I don't know if you want to elaborate further on that.
Rob Falzon: Jimmy, it's Rob. I'll handle that. First, just from a sort of a high-level standpoint, the real estate portfolio is a very high-quality portfolio, broadly diversified both by geography and in the underlying property types. And we really benefit from PGIM's direct origination capabilities in this arena. They've got a management team there that's got well over 25 years industry experience and deep knowledge of the markets and a proven track record in that area. When we look at the quality of the portfolio, it's actually holding up quite well. You can see that our CECL reserve for that portfolio is just a little under $200 million. That's about 39 basis points against the portfolio, then that is up from about 21 basis points a year ago. But that's primarily a general reserve. We only have a single loan with a specific reserve in there, an office property. But outside of that, the reserve really comprises our estimation of losses across the portfolio based on historical data.
Rob Falzon: Elyse, it's Rob. I'll try to address that. First, with regard to the returns on the alternatives portion of the portfolio, distinguishing that from the prepayments part of your question, market performance is going to continue to impact returns. That's primarily in the private equity component of our portfolio. That correlation is directional. How it manifests in any given quarter is kind of dependent on the conditions in the quarter. And I'd also note that within that PE allocation that we've got, about a quarter of that is actually allocated to mezzanine distressed debt and infrastructure. So not entirely correlated with the markets. And also remind you that the PE is reported on a one quarter lag. So if you look at equity performance in the first quarter, that would be some indication of the portfolio on a go-forward basis. With regard to prepayments, we did see a reduced level of prepayments on a higher interest rate environment. And I think it's -- that's a trend that we're anticipating on a go-forward basis. Maybe I'll just close with going back to the alternatives portfolio, just to emphasize, we're -- our alternatives are invested for the long-term. And over that horizon, we expect to continue to benefit from the dedicated team that we've got. And from the diversification that we have in the portfolio and the efforts we've had around manager selection, including within the real estate component of that to the part of your question, real estate is actually a relatively modest component of our alternatives, it's 15-ish or so percent.
Rob Falzon: Hi, it's Rob, Suneet, and I’ll take the question. So it’s a rolling process, first of all. So it goes on throughout the year. It's not a single date point in time when we do appraisals. We have a very rigorous process around this which is we have a central team that sort of runs the appraisals on all of the properties, and that's a combination of using outsourced appraisers in order to give us input into those appraisals, but ultimately, the appraisal is an internal appraisal. We use outsiders for inputs into the appraisal and even both from a data standpoint and from a valuation standpoint, we -- the internal appraisal process is one that will look at all that external data and valuations but we put constraints around it. For instance, we have floors on cap rates that vary according to different property types that we use in our own internal valuations. That's resulted as we've noted in the past, in a phenomenon where our internal appraisals have generally been at the time in which we make them about 10% lower than what the external appraisals are that we've received in those processes. So what you see when we quote our valuations, we're doing it based on that internal view informed by external appraisals, but very much in an internal number with a level of conservatism that's applied on it.
Rob Falzon: Sure, Tracy. It's Rob. The -- about -- actually a little over 10% of the portfolio matures in the next two years. So you think about it, just looking at a little further from the statistic that you quoted. The -- recall that our portfolio is almost exclusively a fixed rate portfolio as opposed to floating rate. And so, when you look at the differentiation, the differences on the rollover of the portfolio are going to be looking at what's happened at the long end of the curve versus the short end of the curve where obviously been more dramatic at the short end of the curve for those that have been borrowing on a floating rate basis. Because of the relatively low loan to values we have across our portfolio, and we gave the statistics on that, it's mid-50% on average LTV as we roll over loans. And incidentally, the office portfolio is very much in line with that overall portfolio statistic. So as we're rolling over our loans, we're not particularly concerned about the sufficiency of equity in order to be able to refinance, even if it requires a higher level of loan and LTV from where we are.
Rob Falzon: It's Rob again. Mike, I would think about the REIT portfolio as more akin to our private placement portfolio than the mortgage portfolio. So while mortgages of the underlying assets within the businesses, they are larger, more diversified businesses than what you're going to find in a typical single asset mortgage loan, it's about -- that REIT portfolio is about 2% of our assets. It's 97% investment grade. It's very well-diversified by geography and property type. And like all of our private placements and benefits a strong package of covenants as a result of our direct origination capabilities and that loan portfolio is primarily, if not almost entirely a result of that direct origination within PGIM. So like we do across the rest of the private placement portfolio, we actually feel quite good about the strength of those loans and the performance of them in the down cycle vis-à-vis comparatively rated public securities.
Rob Falzon: It's Rob, I'll take it again. And I'll defer to Andy if he wants to jump in on me to talk more specifically about PGIM. But Mike as we – to think about CLOs, first of all from our own portfolio, we are solely a holder of AAA securities within the CLO, within the general account portfolio. We have some miniscule exposure below AAA as a result of being a CLO manager, PGIM being a CLO manager. We do European CLOs, we need to have retention there of a relatively modest amount, so it's inconsequential. But outside of that, it's exclusively a AAA portfolio. As we look at the CLO space, we find good value in the AAA and even the AA space and -- but we're more conservative in our views as to what can happen in a stress environment once you get into the single A and obviously the BBB and subordinated tranches of that.
Caroline Feeney: Hi, Erik, it's Caroline, and I'll take your question. So obviously, as you state, LDTI is expected to result in a meaningful decline in earnings this year for the Life business as AOI recognition will be deferred. While this impacts the earnings pattern, it doesn't change the economics of the business. So however, even under the impact of LDTI, we are proactively looking at ways to enhance the earnings power of the business. And we do remain encouraged by the actions we've taken to pivot to less interest rate sensitive products, as well as to diversify our overall product portfolio. And Erik, this obviously also includes the recent launch of our indexed variable universal life product, FlexGuard Life, which is ramping up nicely. We do expect our AOI to grow over time based on core growth, the compounding impact of new business written at attractive returns. And also higher reinvestment rates. And overall, we remain very committed to the individual Life business. We do continue to believe that this business is core to Prudential's purpose and we like the growth potential with our overall brand as well as our product breadth and certainly our distribution strength. And we also like the additive mix that the Life business brings, particularly the longevity and mortality balance. And in terms of our pivot, our business -- our new business, Erik, it's really a much more favorable risk profile and we're writing new business at attractive returns.
Caroline Feeney: Yeah. So Alex, it's Caroline, and I'll take your questions. So first of all, I would point out that the strong earnings in our Retirement Strategies business continues to reflect the ongoing growth that we're experiencing in this business. And I'll just start with the institutional retirement business, which ended the quarter with record account values of $253 billion. Our account values benefited from nearly $4 billion in sales, including the best first quarter ever in our pension risk transfer business. And then if I move to the individual retirement strategy side, we continue to see strong sales here as well, anchored by our FlexGuard suite of indexed variable annuities. In less than three years, we've delivered over $13 billion in total sales, clearly reinforcing our leadership position as a top five player in the indexed variable annuity space. And complementing that success, our fixed annuity offerings saw continued strong growth and represented over 30% of our sales for the quarter. Compounding this growth story from an earnings perspective, Alex, is our robust disciplined pricing. So when we go to market, our pricing clearly is fair, competitive and also accretive to shareholder value. We're also able to maintain this profitable growth trajectory, thanks to the strength of our brand, our leading distribution capabilities as well as strong execution. I would also point out that earnings in the Retirement Strategies business are seeing a benefit from tailwinds provided by the current interest rate environment in both short- term as well as long-term rates, which are driving favorable spread income. And then finally, we remain focused on expense discipline and continuous improvement in operating efficiency with an eye towards protecting the bottom line. So it's really a combination of all of these factors that contribute to the strong earnings we continue to see in the retirement strategies business, which are well-positioned for continued growth.
Caroline Feeney: So Alex, clearly, the earnings, as I mentioned, are seeing a benefit from the current interest rate environment, and that's both on the short-term as well as the long-term rates driving the favorable spread income. And if we were to see rates decline, then clearly, we would see a reduction in the spread income that we earn. But I also want to reiterate the point that I made that business growth continues to be a driver of earnings as well. And so even if there was a reduction in rates, we would clearly expect that to persist.
Caroline Feeney: Of course, John. It's Caroline, and I'll take your question. So let me just start by taking a step back and pointing out that at core focus of our group business is to remain price disciplined and profit focused. And that just really means pursuing smart growth. We saw a 2% growth from the year ago quarter and earned premiums and fees, and that was primarily driven by growth in disability and supplemental health. And while we saw strong sales in the first quarter in Group Life, the year-over-year decline in annualized new business premiums is attributable to our strong discipline when it comes to pricing new sales. So specific to your question on persistency, John, I'll highlight our approach to and as well as our experience with renewals, which, as you know, are heavily weighted towards the January 1st effective date. When it comes to pursuing renewals, if we are unable to achieve our desired level of profitability through appropriate rate action, we choose not to retain that business, which is, in fact, just really addition by subtraction. So from a group life persistency perspective, you're actually seeing those principles in action here in the first quarter. And the trend in the persistency ratio in our group disability business remains strong. John, you also asked about unemployment and the impacts there. With regard to any signs of impacts from workforce reductions, we really aren't seeing any impact on our business at this point in time. While there clearly have been quite a few large layoff announcements that have generated their share of headlines, overall employment conditions continue to be strong. We're seeing tight labor markets with low current unemployment and a large number of job openings. So this favorable employment trend is evident in the results of our group disability business and our results reflect favorable macroeconomic tailwinds, as well as strong execution on proactive claims management. So broadly, we view the risk of unemployment impacts to our business as low over the short to medium-term. And also, I would mention, John, historically increases in unemployment rates over a sustained period could drive an increase in disability claims. However, they would typically take six to 12 months to cycle into our results.
Caroline Feeney: Sure, Tracy. It's Caroline. And thanks for your question. The Life business typically experiences elevated seasonal mortality in the first quarter, and that's consistent with what we see across the industry. And certainly, this year was no exception. And along with the industry, we even saw some excess seasonal mortality, and that was due to the impact from COVID, flu and also other respiratory illnesses. We also saw a higher incidence of large face value claims within our Life business. And going forward, Tracy, we do believe that COVID has transitioned to an endemic state and therefore, may still contribute to some amount of elevated mortality over the near to medium term. I would just point out, however, that the overall trend is better than the two previous winters, reinforcing our belief that we will return to pre-pandemic mortality levels in the long term. And finally, even though we did see some unfavorable mortality experience in the quarter, our diverse mix of mortality and longevity businesses helps to mitigate some of that experience over longer-term horizons. Tracy, you also asked about flu season last year and there was no evidence of an early flu season in our book last year.
Charlie Lowrey: So, Jimmy, let me take that and just raise it up a level and then I'll answer your question directly. We have said when we think about buybacks and the application of capital, that we want to be good stewards of capital. And we have and will continue to demonstrate a very disciplined and balanced approach to the redeployment of capital within our businesses and to our shareholders and other stakeholders. And you saw in the first quarter, we returned over $700 million to shareholders, which included the 15th consecutive annual increase in our dividend. So -- but if I take a step back for a moment, let me share with you some observations about how we think about capital allocation and particular optimization, which fits to your point. We look across all our businesses, both domestically and internationally, to ensure that we're optimizing capital deployment. So we'll continue to look for ways to optimize capital to maximize outcomes for all our stakeholders by balancing investments in our businesses and business growth, programmatic M&A, and returning capital to shareholders while maintaining our financial strength. And you saw examples of all four of that this quarter, right? We continue to invest in our businesses. We did programmatic M&A with the Deerpath Capital. We returned capital to shareholders, both in the form of dividends and share repurchases and we made an announcement to repay hybrid, which lowers our -- the hybrid, which lowers our leverage. So we'll continue to evaluate all these things as we go forward, especially in the current macroeconomic environment. But as an example, this quarter, we were able to do all of that given the strength of our capital position, given the cash flow we've generated and given our strategy going forward.
Charlie Lowrey: No, thanks, Suneet. There is no vagueness in my response. But to be clear, the Board has authorized $1 billion of buybacks, and we will evaluate that each quarter according to the macroeconomic conditions. So there is no wavering per se, but we can't guarantee that we are going to -- that would be a forward-looking statement, which we can't make. So no equivocation in our desire to execute on the program. But again, we can't make forward-looking statements.
Charlie Lowrey: Okay. Thank you again for joining us today. I hope we demonstrated to you the progress we're making in transforming Prudential to deliver sustainable long-term growth and to meet the evolving needs of our customers. We're confident in our strategy and the strength of our company. For nearly 150 years, Prudential has been focused on creating value for our customers and other stakeholders who we will continue to serve as we strive to be a global leader in expanding access to investing insurance and retirement security. Thank you again for joining us, and have a good day.
