Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I’ll begin on Slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the fourth quarter, relative to our third quarter results. Pretax adjusted operating income in the third quarter was $1.63 million and resulted in earnings per share of $3.21 cents on an after-tax basis. We then adjust for the following items: first, variable investment income outperformed expectations in the third quarter, which is worth $215 million. Second, we adjust underwriting experience by a net $35 million. This includes seasonally lower reserve gains and retirement, and an estimate of $60 million for COVID-19 claims experience in the fourth quarter. Third, we expect expenses and other items to be $70 million higher in the fourth quarter, primarily due to seasonal expenses and implementation costs. Fourth, we expect the net operating costs due to COVID-19 to be $5 million lower in the fourth quarter. Fifth, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by $15 million reflecting the difference between new money rates and disposition yields of our investment portfolio. And last, we expect the fourth quarter effective tax rate to normalize for third quarter items. These items combined to get us to a baseline of $2.48 per share for the fourth quarter. All note that, if you exclude items specific to the fourth quarter, earnings per share would be $2.93. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power increased slightly from last quarter, including the benefit from higher equity markets as of quarter-end. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that, there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the fourth quarter. In addition, as we look forward, we have increased the expected benefits from our cost savings program by $250 million by the end of 2023. We expect these benefits will be largely self-funded with incremental net savings emerging in 2022 and 2023. We will provide additional details about this program on our earnings call in February. On Slide 11, we provided an update on the potential impact of the pandemic. The estimated sensitivity of operating income for a 100,000 of incremental U.S. deaths due to the pandemic remains unchanged at $70 million. Based on our updated outlook, our fourth quarter baseline includes a net mortality impact of $60 million due to COVID-19. The actual impact will depend on a variety of factors, such as infection and fatality rates, geographic considerations, and progress in testing and medical treatments. Also, we continue to expect incremental operating costs through the COVID-19 to be $5 million in the fourth quarter. This includes additional operating costs of $25 million, partially offset by $20 million of lower travel and entertainment expenses. Turning to Slide 12, we continue to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding. Our capital position exceeds our AA financial strength targets. And we have liquid assets at the parent company that are greater than three times annual fixed charges. And we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company were $6.1 billion at the end of the quarter, which includes the proceeds from the sale of Prudential of Korea, and other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses and other continuing capital facilities. Turning to Slide 13 and in summary, during the third quarter, we continue to successfully execute on our strategic priorities for 2020. We have taken additional steps to expand our cost savings program, and we continue to benefit from the strength of our rock solid balance sheet, which includes – which gives us the confidence and flexibility to navigate the changes in this economic environment. Now I’ll turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Eric, this is Ken. I’ll start. And just by way of background, earlier this year, we put in place a transformation office and it’s led by one of our senior business leaders, Phil Waldeck, and it’s given us the capabilities to identify, prioritize and implement with a continuous improvement mindset. It involves all of our U.S. businesses and all of our functions. And so we’re finding efficiencies through combining client service centers, process engineering, automation, through procurement strategies, and so it’s a culmination of transformation across the company. So that’s generally, what’s driving that.
Ken Tanji: Ryan, this is Ken. Our annuity business, as we’ve mentioned in the past has been very well hedged and very well capitalized and as you mentioned, providing a regular source of dividends to the holding company. Now that has moderated over time as our sales have been below our outflows, the business has been getting smaller. And although we’re quite happy with the launch of our FlexGuard product, it won’t be in the near-term sufficient to outpace the outflows that we have on our in-force blocks. So, over time that will decrease our level of earnings and cash flow and you could see that as a moderating trend.
Ken Tanji: Our annuity business, is actually involves a couple major legal entities. One would be our Pruco Life of Arizona company, which is a subsidiary of PICA that had been – historically been the legal entity that we use to underwrite annuity business. But you may recall, many years ago we acquired an annuity company from American Skandia, that’s what we call Prudential Assurance Life Assurance Company or PALAC. And that also has a variable annuity business in it. And so it’s in a couple of different legal entities that are involved.
Ken Tanji: Elyse, it’s Ken. Our target for highly liquid assets in typical times is $3 billion to $5 billion. And we think that’s a good level to carry to have the flexibility that a company like ours needs. So we are above that. We think these are different than typical times. And as Charlie mentioned, that’s a prudent thing to do, and we’ll continue to evaluate a number of factors, including the credit markets as we go forward. But again, our target is typically $3 billion to $5 billion that gives us ample flexibility in ordinary times, and we think now’s a good time to be above that.
Andy Sullivan: And Eric, it’s Andy. I would just add, it’s really not related to business volumes or revenues. It is core efficiency improvement, where we’re applying process and technology and able to hit a number of costs reduction levers. So it’s becoming more efficient at the business that we have.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, maybe I would just add Eric, you also – I think asked about what’s the marketplace for these types of transactions and we will not quote on any specific deals that are going on. I think there are two important takeaways that we should discuss. One is, I think we’ve generally believe that a number of these blocks of business and our block of business, its value is not fully appreciated in the marketplace. And I think if you look at the recent transactions that certainly has been, I think proven out. The other thing is that there is capital moving towards, these types of deals, and that there’s capacity. So we’ve – as Charlie said, we’ve begun to work on these alternatives and when we have something more to report we’ll certainly do so.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Humphrey, it’s Andy. So I’ll take your question. And as we discussed sort of from a lessons learned perspective from last year, we’ve done a lot this year to make sure with that we were better prepared for the annual enrollment period. We direct contracted with the health carriers, which gives us a lot more flexibility and agility. We invested much more heavily in agent recruiting, licensing and training. And we began to bring on agents this year in the month of July, which was much earlier than last year. So we’re repeating what Rob said, we’re only about three weeks into the season. But we certainly see evidence that our investments are paying off and that we’re having stronger performance than we had in 2019. Having said that about 50% of industry-wide Medicare advantage transactions occur in the last two weeks of the annual enrollment period and that’s the first two weeks of December. So while we like what we see from a growth perspective in these early days, it certainly, too early to draw definitive conclusions.
Andy Sullivan: Actually I had that number wrong. It was $15 million, Humphrey. Sorry, I was off, looked at the wrong line.
Andy Sullivan: So Tom, it’s Andy. I’ll take your question. We’ve been very focused on strengthening out our value proposition in our full service retirement business. We’ve talked a lot about over the last couple of years, the work that we’ve done in financial wellness we’ve pretty heavily invested in digital and mobile, and that has resulted in very good organic growth on that platform. If you look at our net flows over time, it’s been very positive. We’re completing our third year of record sales. We had our largest corporate client ever in the quarter. So we’ve seen great success, even though, we certainly pay attention to the consolidation of this space. We’ve seen great success organically growing the business, and that maintains our focus.
Andy Sullivan: So Suneet, it’s Andy. I’ll take your question. And let me maybe raise it up a level, so we’re very pleased that we bought this business model and set of capabilities a model that’s not sensitive to interest rates or equity markets. Obviously, with what happened in the March timeframe, we’re even more pleased to have this as part of the fold. We immediately got very focused on building out and expanding the business model. So that we could care for more needs in the mass market and middle market consumer set. So as we’ve really worked on the business internally, success for us is not about near-term AOI. Success for us is very much about continuing to expand the reach and breadth of the platform and is very much measured in how we grow our revenues, is very much measured in the products that we have on the platform. So we began with life, you saw us immediately lean into Medicare advantage. And then more recently, we’ve leaned into property and casualty. And again, I always remind this is from a distribution perspective, not from a manufacturing perspective. And these bring fee-based earnings that are very capitally efficient. So our focus is really expanding this out as rapidly as we can.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Suneet, its Andy. And I guess, right up front, I’ll draw a very sharp distinction in our financial wellness work from what I would call worksite marketing, which I know a number of voluntary products are more worksite marketing with feet on the street in the employer. Ours was very much about building a set of capabilities that could really reach people when, where and how they want it. So there was a real digital focus to what we built. We’ve had accelerating success, if you remember, there were sort of a couple of stages to what we were trying to accomplish. At this point we’ve had a large portion of our employers adopt our capabilities, we’ve 20 million individuals that have access to the platform that’s ahead of our goals for 2020. We’ve – in my words, permissioned 12 million individuals that they can access – we get access to market, our retail solutions that is also ahead of our goals. And at this point we’ve put 15,000 retail customers into Prudential through the platform. As COVID came in the base capabilities were such that we were able to pretty quickly even expand upon as an example, our Prudential Pathways program and make it purely digital with webinars capabilities. And at this point, that’s now reaching about 8.5 million folks. So we don’t see the current environment actually hindering us at all. And it’s really about how we built the whole platform.
Andy Sullivan: So John, its Andy. This is really just an expansion of our program, as Ken said earlier, every business and every function. So it is – real estate is part of it, but there are a number of different buckets. It really is across real estate, it’s across better vendor management and procurement, more efficiency from a travel perspective. So it really goes across a number of areas. We learned a lot in the first 12 to 18 months of this program. We saw a lot of what was possible and feasible, and we basically expanded to every corner of the organization. So it’s not one particular category, it’s just from the success of the overarching program and accelerating it.
Andy Sullivan: So from an annuities perspective, I’m not going to get this exactly right, but I think it’s in the $110 billion and $120 billion range. And I don’t have the guaranteed universal life in front of me.
Andy Sullivan: Hi. It’s Andy, I’ll take your question. So, we’ve actually been very pleased. We have not seen an uptick in incidents in either our short-term disability business or our long-term disability business. That being said though, obviously we’ve operated this business for many, many decades, and we know that in recessionary environments, there’s generally somewhere in the neighborhood of a year lag from when that incident shows up. So we have invested to make sure that our claims teams have low, what we call desk loads, so that if and when that incident starts to tick up, we’re well prepared for it. But we have not seen evidence of that yet.
Andy Sullivan: Josh, its Andy, I’ll take that. So, our HDI and PDI block of business is a very high returning block of business as Ken talked about earlier. It’s a well capitalized block and well hedged block and creates good cash flows. It’s more of a go-forward perspective, if you think about the decision making around our product pivot, we’re working towards more of what I would frame as an all weather portfolio, where we’re taking less fully on ourselves, the interest rate and equity market risk. The HDI is our most sensitive product in that regard. So, we think from a go-forward perspective, as you noted, we are very, very good in the annuity space, we believe there still is a deep sea that need to help people with accumulation, and to help them with decumulation from a longevity insurance perspective. And we think our go-forward product portfolio does that well, but does it in a way that’s more shareholder friendly.
Andy Sullivan: No. If you’re asking about, do they need the sort of the HDI/PDI types of product? No, we’ve actually – we benefit from our brand and our strength of our distribution. And I think that’s really why you see such a strong start to our FlexGuard buffered annuity. It was 38% of our sales here in the third quarter, and we recently went through $1 billion in sales, and we haven’t even finished fully rolling it out to all states and all advisers. So, we think our product portfolio will meet the needs of the advisors and we’ll see good growth in it.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Elyse, it’s Andy, I’ll take your question. So you’re absolutely right. If we look at sort of 2020, the marketplace – size of the marketplace versus 2019, 2020 is definitely going to be down. We think it’s going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 20%-ish or so. Third quarter was relatively quiet. We are seeing a building pipeline in 4Q, but I would point out that, with a lower overall market size, we also have talked about in the past that we’re now probably up to five plus competitors that can do deals of $1 billion plus. So we think it’s going to be a very competitive environment in the fourth quarter. We’re going to be very disciplined about how we approach the marketplace and we’re going to pick our spots.
Charlie Lowrey: So Humphrey, it’s Charlie. Let me take a stab at that one. In line with the risk framework that we have in place, we paused share repurchases in the second quarter. But it’s really about this, until we have better visibility into the depth and the duration of the pandemic, a possible recession and the credit cycle, which still may be before us we’re going to maintain our financial flexibility and the resiliency. And when we get clarity into those issues that I just mentioned, we’ll share the timing with you of our plan to resume share buybacks, and by how much. But until then, we’re going to focus on maintaining our financial strength with many of the unknowns still in front of us.
Charlie Lowrey: Not necessarily, but again, we’re going to take – we’re going to take a very measured approach to that, because we want to maintain our financial flexibility. So we’re not going to comment about any business or specific transaction. But if I can take this step back for a moment again, and just make a more general comment on how we think about capital allocation in particular optimization, as we look across our businesses, both domestically and internationally we want to ensure that we’re optimizing capital employment. And you’ve seen us do that with, some of the sales we’ve done internationally, but we’re going to continue to look for ways optimize capital and capital deployment to maximize outcomes for shareholders. But at the same time, we’re going to take a hard look at the environment in which we’re operating and make sure that again, we maintain our financial strength and our financial flexibility and our resiliency as we go forward.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes, Tom. Thanks for the question. I guess a couple of things. One, again, I would caution the people in thinking we’re going to free up capital immediately. These transactions take a long time, and therefore we have to think through that. Secondly, I think it depends on the deal. What we have said before, is given where our stock price is, there’s a fairly high hurdle, right? On the other hand to your point, there could be some very interesting things on the market. So we’re going to have to balance if you will short-term accretion from stock buybacks, and long-term growth. And we’ll have to weigh those two against the opportunity set that’s out there. And the stock repurchase price at the time.
Charlie Lowrey: Thank you very much. So in closing today, I hope today that we’ve demonstrated our commitment towards and the ongoing momentum we have to transforming our business and financial performance in ways that deliver meaningful outcomes to our customers, as well as to our investors and other stakeholders. We continue to move with urgency and conviction to execute on and be true to our purpose of solving the financial challenges for more people. So, thanks again for joining us today. We appreciate it.
