Ken Tanji: Hi, Elyse. This is Ken. I’ll take your question about the COVID mortality into the third quarter. So we - in our second quarter, we benefited from our longevity business in the UK. Mortality in the UK came in a little bit higher than we had previously estimated, and that resulted in a gain from our UK longevity reinsurance business. While there was fatalities in the UK in the second, right now that seems to be more contained and we wouldn't expect that to continue given the current fatality rates. So we also, in our new estimate, have incorporated into to that sensitivity, what we learned from the second quarter, which is in our - also in our life insurance and group insurance businesses, the fatality rates were lower than we previously estimated. So we've incorporated that into our new estimate.
Ken Tanji: Jimmy, it's Ken. In terms of our long-term rate assumption, we followed a very established process that we've had for a number of years, and it considers multiple perspectives. So we look at, again, long-term interest rate forecast of economists, banks and managers. And we look to be at the median of all those. And for this year, when we looked at that, that meant a 10-year U.S. treasury rate in the long-term of 3.25% and 1% for the JGB in Japan. So we followed the same process we've had for a number of years. It's also important to know how we grade into that long-term assumption. We do that over 10 years, and the first two years follows the forward curve. And as a result, it's not just the long-term assumption, but the path of which we get there. And so over the next five years, our average rate would be 1.25%. In 10 years, it's about 1.9%. And so again, we have a pretty established process. We look at third-party inputs, and look to be at the median, and that was and that was the result for this year.
Ken Tanji: We saw a little bit elevated mortality in our policies that are already on claim, policies that are already on claim, but it was but it was fairly modest, and I wouldn't call significant.
Ken Tanji: Hi. This is Ken. We've - I just a little bit of backdrop on this for us. We've managed our VA business with a very robust economic view and active hedging for many years. We're very supportive of a statutory framework that also is based on robust economic scenarios, both in terms of the long-term assumptions, but also the dispersion around those assumptions. Our internal scenarios that we use to manage the business are actually more conservative than those being considered by the NAIC. So we continue to advocate for appropriate economic scenarios within the VM-21 framework and we believe that it will be well positioned due to our - the internal framework that we've used to manage the business for many years.
Charlie Lowrey: Elyse, it's Charlie. I’ll take that one. So as you know, we paused our share repurchases in the second quarter, in line with the risk framework that we had in place. And as you said, until we get better visibility into the depth and the duration of the pandemic, the possible recession and the credit cycle, we will maintain our financial flexibility and resiliency. When we get the clarity into those issues I just mentioned, we’ll then share the timing of our plan to resume share buybacks and by how much, and that would also include the proceeds from the sale or potential sale of the Korean business. So we're going to focus on maintaining our financial strength. But when we get clarity into the issues going forward, we will certainly let you know, and we’ll be transparent about it.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So, Ryan let me just try and connect some dots. Because over the past 18 months, as Rob said, we’ve taken actions to begin to accomplish many of the objectives that Rob articulated, namely, lower market sensitivity, lower capital intensity of our business mix becoming more competitive in terms of serving our customers with processes, better processes and lower costs. And then finally, as Rob said, increasing growth, right? And so let me just tick through a number of things that we've done in order to achieve those objectives. We're sold or selling out of lower growth businesses, Italy, Poland, Korea and exploring options for Taiwan. We acquired assurance around which we have high conviction about growth in a business that isn't as market sensitive, so lower risk. We've significantly reduced or stopped selling certainly highly interest rate-sensitive products and annuities and IOI [ph]. We introduced less market-sensitive products such as the buffered annuity. We repriced almost our entire product line. We announced and are executing on our future work initiative, which will produce $500 million in cost savings with the potential to do more. And as Rob said, we're currently exploring other options on book to business that are market sensitive. So we're executing on a series of incremental changes that we believe will lead to fundamental change in our business mix and ultimately, the trajectory of the firm as we go forward. So that's a foundation off of which we are going to grow going forward.
Charlie Lowrey: Andy, you cut out for one sec. Do you want to repeat the point you were making about? I don't know that it was well heard on the number of passive large mandate passive funds.
Charlie Lowrey: So Tom, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. Let me just take a step back and then I'll answer your question directly, but - and make a comment about how we think about capital allocation and particular optimization. Because when we look across our businesses, what we’re trying to both domestically and internationally is ensure we're optimizing that capital deployment. So we've mentioned in the past that we're looking at or continue to look at businesses such as IOI [ph] annuities and some of our international operations as well as LTC. You've seen us take some bold action in terms of Italy, Poland, Korea, potentially, Taiwan, et cetera. So what we're going to do is - and what we can assure you is that we will continue to look to ways to optimize capital and capital deployment to maximize outcomes for shareholders, right? Be that through significant dispositions, whatever flavor that may take, through potential share repurchases or through acquisitions. And right now, we have acknowledged - we'll continue to acknowledge that there's a high hurdle for any major acquisition given where our stock price is trading. We get that. But we're looking, as you've seen in the actions we've taken to date over the last 18 months. And I think what you'll see us do going forward is look at all our businesses in order to optimize the capital we deploy and how we do that. And that's our commitment to shareholders, and that's what we're doing.
Charlie Lowrey: Okay. Thanks very much. So as we come to the end of the call today, I'd just like to thank you for listening and for your continued interest in Prudential. I also want to take a moment to thank all our employees for the steps they continue to take to support our business, our customers and our community, including our collective efforts to address racial equity at Prudential and in society at large. We continue to make progress on executing our initiatives for the year, and frankly, are working to do more even as the global health pandemic continues. Backed by our financial strength and guided by our purpose, we'll continue to focus on delivering meaningful outcomes and value to all our stakeholders. Thanks again for joining us today. We appreciate it.
