Robert M. Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'm going to cover an update on key balance sheet items, financial measures and other related areas of interest starting on slide 18. You'll notice a change in how we present the comparison of RBC to our target. As of April 1, we recaptured the living benefit risk from our reinsurance captive. Most of the economics and risks of our variable annuity contracts now reside in a single statutory entity we call PALAC, which was the direct writer of a substantial portion of our in-force annuity business. As a result, a meaningful portion of our statutory capital has migrated to PALAC and is no longer rolling up to the RBC of Prudential Insurance under statutory accounting. We now view composite RBC, which includes our U.S. insurance entities on a comprehensive basis, as a more meaningful measure of our statutory financial strength in relation to our benchmark. On this basis, composite RBC at year-end 2015 was 486%, and we estimate that it is well above our 400% target at the end of the second quarter. In Japan, Prudential Japan and Gibraltar reported strong solvency margins of 801% and 928%, respectively, as of March 31 their fiscal year-end. These solvency margins are comfortably above our targets. Let me provide a few additional points on the variable annuity recapture. As of August 1, all of the risks of our annuities contracts are managed within the annuities business. As a result, the historic management of a portion of the interest rate risk of our annuities guarantees at the holding company has been closed out. We are now managing all of the product risks by holding derivatives and other financial assets in our statutory entities. In addition, we will continue to manage the product risks of our annuities businesses as we have done historically on an economic basis. This includes the ability to maintain a CTE 97 threshold in moderate stress scenarios, consistent with how we manage risks across our businesses, standards that we believe are consistent with AA financial strength. Further, due to synergies that occur when all the product risks are managed together, we're able to release about $1 billion of capital from our annuities business. The outcome of this restructuring substantially simplifies our annuities operation, reduces our capital volatility and increases the certainty around cash flows from the annuities business. Looking at the liquidity, leverage and capital deployment highlights on slide 19, our cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $4 billion at the end of the quarter, essentially unchanged from March 31. This reflects the impact of cash inflows including the $1 billion related to the annuities restructuring that I mentioned, in addition to a dividend from PICA. It is net of the return of about $700 million to shareholders including $370 million of share repurchases and the repayment of about $1 billion of debt including $500 million under our tender offer in June. Our financial leverage and total leverage ratios as of June 30 remained within our targets. Consistent with our balanced approach to capital management and deployment, the capital released as a result of our annuities actions supported a $500 million increase in our share repurchase authorization for the second half of this year, bringing the authorization for 2016 to $2 billion, of which $750 million has been executed through June 30. Those of you who have followed our historical dividend pattern are accustomed to seeing a review of our dividend level in the fourth quarter. While we evaluate shareholder distributions with the board in every quarter, we expect to move the routine dividend evaluation process to the first quarter in order to better align with our capital planning cycle. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert M. Falzon: Ryan, it's Rob. Yeah, so we've – the hedge at the end of the first quarter was a negative $520 million.
Robert M. Falzon: Well, let me sort of step back. First, if you sort of bring it up a level, Ryan, the hedge was actually doing exactly what it was designed to do. It's protecting our ROE regardless of the direction of the yen. Our (30:34) settlements in the program have actually been sufficient to complete the offset any depreciation that's occurred in the yen to its current level. And recall that we actually started this program back when the yen was at 77. Specifically, to your question, we have had periods in the past where the hedges worked in the other direction and cash would be flowing back to the international businesses as those settled. They are staged over time, and so they settle over periods of time. They've been orchestrated in a way such that the improved earnings on a yen basis – or the yen earnings that we have in Japan on a dollar basis are going up as a result of that appreciation in the yen, and therefore, the dividends that we're getting out of that business will offset over time the cash that goes on the settlement of the hedges. So we sort of think of it as, there could be on a year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter basis a little bit of cash mismatch, but overall, these things will settle out.
Robert M. Falzon: So, Nigel, it's Rob. Actually, I'll jump in on this. The – we took the benchmark U.S. Treasury 10-year down from 4.25% to 4%. In Japan, we took the similar 10-year benchmark down from 2% down to 1.9%. The impact of that, if you think about the returns expected from the variable annuity accounts, which I think is what you're asking, is that the return over the what we call the near- to intermediate term, so call it the next 0 to 10 years, averages about 4.8%. And then after 10 years, as a result of migrating up to those reversion rates that I mentioned, it's about 6.5%
Robert M. Falzon: So the immediate increase in the buyback is tied to the $1 billion that came up as a result of the recapture initiative that we have underway in our variable annuities business. But to the point that you've made, I would emphasize that while we'll continue to evaluate our buybacks and are not forecasting anything in the way of an increase at this point. We are encouraged by the increased cash flow profile that comes out of our annuities business. It's really driven by two things, Nigel. First is the fact that as this block matures, the sales relative to the existing block lead it to throw off more cash. The second is this construct that we've put in place. It is a more stable long-term contract, subject to less volatility, and therefore gives us more degrees of freedom in terms of how we think about taking the cash out of the annuities business as earnings are generated annually.
Robert M. Falzon: So the U.S. rate 10-year benchmark, Jimmy, was brought from 4.25% down to 4%. The JGB 10-year benchmark was brought from 2% down to 1.9%.
Robert M. Falzon: Okay. So a couple of thoughts. First, Jimmy, with respect to the process that we go through, understand it is a well-established and well-controlled actuarial review process that we undertake and come up with these rates. We look at historical rates, we look at forward rates, we survey both internal and external experts to get their views of rates on a go-forward basis. And we use a central estimate that's derived from looking at all of those data points. So that's consistent with what we've done in the past, and we continue to apply on a go-forward basis. With respect to the interest rate sensitivity, if you look at our assumption updates, what I would tell you is that they were not materially affected by the decline in that long-term reversion rate. We had some interest rate impact; not particularly material. Most of it was driven by the current level of interest rates as opposed to a change in that long-term assumption.
Robert M. Falzon: And it takes about a 10-year period of time for that grade up, so we start at current levels and then follow the forward curve for a couple of years and then do a linear grade up to that long-term reversion rate by year 10.
Robert M. Falzon: So, Mike, it's Rob. Let me try to take a crack at that. First, it's important to point out that we've had a significant reduction in our interest rate sensitivity, post the completion of the VA captive initiative. You've seen that in both the first quarter and the second quarter, driven by the fact that, as I indicated earlier, we've migrated over to a more stable statutory framework and it reflects the long-term nature of the risks. Importantly we eliminated the internal corporate hedge, under hedge, excuse me, as I indicated in my opening comments. And we're managing all of the VA risks within those same legal entities. I'd also note that we manage our balance sheet so that we can maintain our AA targets through cyclical stress scenarios. So that includes 100 basis point further decline in interest rates from where we are today. So from a balance sheet standpoint, we would not expect to have any degradation in our credit quality as a result of a sustained low rate of a significant quantum from where we are today.
Robert M. Falzon: Well, in terms of the first 25 down, it was not material so I don't have the numbers to put around it because it wasn't something that rises to a level where we thought it was important to provide a disclosure. With regard to an additional 25 basis points, we have not done the calculation in terms of what the – if you run that through all the assumption updates with another 25 basis points down, I'd go back to the comment that I made about a capital position which is that we've run stress scenarios significantly more severe than that and are comfortable that we're holding capital on a basis that would allow us to continue to maintain our AA rating and write business.
Robert M. Falzon: So it's Rob, Seth. As of August 1, the recapture initiative was substantially completed. There is obviously fine tuning of both accounting and ALM as we proceed forward in order to optimize the structure that we have in place. But yes, we are completed as of August 1.
Robert M. Falzon: The reason we set up the captive to begin with wasn't driven by a desire to manage capital down or otherwise optimize the way we're managing capital but rather in order to optimize the way in which we were managing the risk. And the way in which the statutory construct worked in the past was such that – the primary shortcoming of it was such that the use of derivatives which we thought was important to manage this risk was not fully incorporated or adequately incorporated into that construct. And where the statutory construct is migrating toward is one which gives a much fuller and robust recognition of derivatives, both their use, their mission, modeling of the derivatives and the accounting for the derivatives. And that was really the primary reason why we went to captive and the motivation for being able to recapture from the captive. There are economic benefits in the recapture that I've described before that led to, as you know, to the reduced volatility and the free up of capital. So all things being equal, we'd rather manage this thing holistically. It was the shortcomings of the construct before that prevented us from doing so.
Robert M. Falzon: Yaron, the GAAP accounting has not changed, just to be clear on that. What has changed is we've taken business that resided in five different legal entities and consolidated it down to two and substantially just in one. We have a New York and non-New York set of entities. All of the risks of the business are now being managed within those two statutory entities and we're managing them through a combination of derivatives and on-balance-sheet financial assets.
Robert M. Falzon: So, think about it this way, as I had mentioned before, we hold to CTE 97, and we do so including under modeled stress scenarios. When you're doing that calculation in five different entities, now imagine doing that consolidated across a single entity largely or the two entities. You get efficiencies, as you might expect, both in the reduction in risks that result in the offsetting of risks that go in different directions from the writer than they do the host contract. And you get efficiencies associated with the capital management because you don't have the friction of having to move capital and hedges between the different legal entities. So both from a capital standpoint in terms of how the calculation works and then from our ability to then manage the risk and then you lay on top of that the statutory construct being one that is more stable, less volatile, all three of those combine to the reduced volatility that you're seeing and will see going forward and the free-up of the capital.
Robert M. Falzon: So, Randy, very clearly there can be noneconomic volatility in GAAP outcomes. We've seen that in the past and we expect we'll continue to see that. If you look at our results, however, a large portion of this was due to the, quote, "corporate under-hedge" of the interest rate risk, which has now been eliminated. There is a residual misalignment between statutory and economic view of the liability and how it gets expressed in GAAP. You saw that in what we called the risk margin, which was the delta between the GAAP liability and the hedge target before. And you will continue to see that volatility between the full GAAP liability and our economic target of that liability, so that has not gone away for us. Having said that, we expect to manage the outcome in a way that helps to mitigate that reported volatility going forward. The other thing I think is important to highlight is that, as I mentioned earlier, the annuities business going forward we think in addition to the stability coming out of it is going to be a source of strong cash flow for the two reasons that I highlighted. And so the wins associated with this construct far outweigh what we view to be the potential for GAAP volatility, which frankly, we've been dealing with for our historical period already.
Robert M. Falzon: I think that's fair to say. Our expectation is, relative to interest rates we'll have less GAAP volatility than we had before, and our volatility in response to equity market movements will be roughly what it was before.
Robert M. Falzon: Eric, it's Rob. I'm on the last question. That is the long-term rate that's used in our actuarial assumptions as they affect the different liabilities that we have on our balance sheet, so that includes the account values and the rate at which they grow, but it also includes the host of other liabilities that we have for which we have to do actuarial computations.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Ryan, this is Steve. We've long encouraged people to think in terms of 100 basis points as being the longer-term run rate of ROA for the annuities business. The recent change in this quarter reflected a couple of things. First of all, it reflected some one-time expenses, and it also reflected something of a shift in our product mix gradually over time towards the PDI product, which is lower risk but also on a marginal basis lower fees as well. So given all of that, we'd still encourage people to think very much in terms of 100 bps as the ROA for the annuities business.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Sure. Let me take a little bit of a step back and talk about our position with regard to the bank channel. So we believe that we have a differentiated strategy within the bank channel. When we first acquired Star/Edison there were about 100 bank partners in total. And consistent with what we've done both in both independent agency and the LC channels, we reduced the number of relationships focusing on the quality of products, the service and the fit with the bank partners that we've chose to do business with. So we reduced that to about 60 bank partners that currently offer our products and we sell through about 80% of those bank partners in any given quarter. But there are three points of differentiation that really affect our profitability in the bank channel. The first is that we provide exceptional service to our banking partners. We have about 240 secondees. Those are life planners that we've seconded to the banks and they provide exceptional service to the bank clients. So we don't have to be the lowest price. We compete on service; we don't compete via spreadsheets. The second is that we focus on death protection. The majority of our sales include mortality and expense margins, obviously. And the other point here is that we have a very high proportion of recurring premium in current products as opposed to just savings products. So over 80% of our sales in banks are recurring premiums and that's something we've been working really hard on and have changed the banks mentality, at least our partners' mentality, toward the kind of products that are sold. And the third is that the relatively little single premium fixed annuity products that we do sell through the channel are re-priced twice a month for new business and they all have market value adjustment or MVA features. And now we really sell only U.S. dollar products, because we've been making that shift that John and Mark talked about. So we feel very good about the differentiated strategy we employ, the mix of products we sell and the resultant profitability of the business.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Eric, it's Steve. Let me take the strategic points that John mentioned and make them a bit more granular. You referenced equity outflows in the industry and we've seen that as well. In our case it's very much the shift from active to passive that is driving that. That's particularly visible in our traditional U.S. style box strategies. I want to point out however that those strategies only represent about 10% to 15% of the total PGIM to AUM. Nonetheless we're addressing that on two levels. First within the equities business itself. We're continuing to invest in growth in areas that have shown relatively greater resilience in the active to passive trend. Among those I would count global, international, income-oriented and the factor-based enhanced indexing that we do in our quantitative management business. So we're maintaining that commitment to alpha generation but diversifying our approach to how we make that happen. Second, and perhaps even more significant, the basic nature of our multi-manager structure provides sustainability and strength. We've seen equity outflows, as you mentioned, but we've also seen robust inflows in fixed income and real estate and strong origination levels in privates and mortgages. That multi-manager structure has been one of the principal drivers of 13 straight years of positive third-party institutional net flows and it continues to give us confidence in our prospects going forward.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Suneet, this is Steve. First of all, we very much want to make sure at all times in the annuities business, that we're operating it on a sustainable basis. So while obviously we seek to be competitive, we also want to make sure that we're maintaining a pricing discipline. In PDI for example, we recently announced a 25 basis point decrease in both the rollup rate and the payout rate and we think that's appropriate under the circumstance. But I'd say that we look at this, Suneet, on both a tactical and a strategic level. First of all, on a tactical level, we'll continue to make the adjustments necessary, as I say, to make sure we're tailoring our product design and pricing it on a sustainable basis. But on a more strategic basis, I think it's going to be very much a story of product diversification, including getting more and more into areas of streamlined and simplified product design. I think our recent track record on how we've managed product in the annuities business and how we've managed our diversification strategy gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to continue this. We've taken PDI from a standing start basically from launch two years ago, only two years ago, to now representing over half of our sales in this quarter; half of our sales even before you account for HDI reinsurance. So that type of success and diversification up to this point gives us, as I say, a lot of confidence in believing that we can take that further in product design along the lines that I mentioned.
Stephen P. Pelletier: I think there will be a lot of different elements where we're looking to, as I say to have a streamlined and simplified product design and some that may be lower cost as well. In a sense, PDI represents already a step in that regard but we'll continue that path.
Stephen P. Pelletier: It is a one-time charge, however, recall that the way it works in any business, the present value of a number that we have to accrete to over time, some 15 plus years out. And so therefore, there is an ongoing impact as you establish a number that on a PV basis now needs to grow to that future value. So our belief is net of all our assumption updates that'll get washed out. But on an isolated basis it has a small, modest drag going forward.
Mark B. Grier: Yeah, that's important. Remember that we grade up to the long-term assumption but current rates are in the books.
Mark B. Grier: No. This is Mark. That's very much still work in process and we're not ready to talk about or take any actions in anticipation of what comes out. I think the main message around the work on capital standards is that all of the signals are clearly consistent with the right approach to insurance.
Mark B. Grier: Yeah, I think maybe just to emphasize part of what you might be asking. Because we never used the captive to arbitrage either reserves or admitted assets or capital, we didn't go into the recapture in a hole. We actually, as you see, went into the recapture from a position of strength. So there are things out there that would have been an advantage in the captive structure that we're going to lose as a result of the recapture.
Mark B. Grier: Yeah, maybe a big-picture way to think about it is that the profitability of the host contract mitigates the risk of the living benefit standalone, and when the living benefit guarantee was in a standalone entity we had to manage all the volatility that went with it. But when it's combined with the host, there are substantial positive cash flows and very stable cash flows from the host contract
