Ken Tanji: Thanks Rob. I'll begin on slide 11, which provides insight into earnings for the fourth quarter of 2021 relative to our third quarter results. Pretax adjusted operating income in the third quarter was $1.8 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $3.78 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense for how our fourth quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items. First, variable investment income outperformed expectations in the third quarter by $570 million. Next, we included a placeholder for COVID-19 claims experience in the fourth quarter that is a similar level to our experience in the third quarter. While we have provided this placeholder for COVID-19-related claims experience, the actual impact will depend on a variety of factors, such as infection and fatality rates, geographic, and demographic mix and the continued acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines. Third, we expect seasonal expenses and other items will be higher in the fourth quarter by $140 million. Fourth, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by about $10 million, reflecting the difference between new money rates and disposition yields of our investment portfolio. And last, we expect the fourth quarter effective tax rate to normalize. These items combined get us to a baseline of $2.27 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the fourth quarter, earnings per share would be $3.05. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power has increased from last quarter, driven by the benefits of business growth, our cost-savings program and market appreciation. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 12. We continue to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding. Our capital position continues to support a AA financial strength rating and have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets were $3.8 billion, which is greater than three times annual fixed charges, and other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses and contingent capital facilities. Turning to slide 13 and in summary, we are executing on divestitures. We are on track to achieve our targeted cost-saving initiatives. And with the support of our rock solid balance sheet, we are thoughtfully redeploying capital. Now I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Humphrey, it's Ken. Just if I could add, as Andy said, we're well prepared. For the purposes of the baseline for the fourth quarter, we just simply put in a placeholder for Assurance at a breakeven because we wanted to neutralize for the seasonality, but it's not a forecast. It's just a placeholder to neutralize the earnings for the fourth quarter.
Ken Tanji: Hey, Tracy, it's Ken. We continue to evaluate the new standards and refine our methods. And we continue to adjust as we move towards the effective date, and the effective date is still over a year away. And the impact also will be subject to rates at the time of the effective date as well as the actions that we have been taking and will continue to make to shift our business to be less market-sensitive. And that will have an impact obviously at the time of the effective date. So overall, we're making good progress on implementing the new standards, but it's too early to provide estimates, and that's where we are.
Ken Tanji: Yes, we've had a long-standing capability and competitive advantage in US dollar business in Japan. And again, our Japan business is focused on sort of the lifetime needs of our customers with a primary focus on death protection, including those that are denominated in US dollars. It does have a long duration profile and it's supported with robust reserves and a high-quality investment portfolio and is very financially resilient. Again, we're not -- it's too early for us to provide estimates. But overall, although the accounting will be modified, we feel very good about the overall profitability of the business, the risk profile, and the financial strength of our Japan business, including the US dollar business.
Ken Tanji: I'd just say, our Japan business has consistently written business above its cost of capital. We are happy with the returns last year, and it's these pricing actions that keep us in good position from both a profitability, but a customer value proposition. So, it's been a pretty consistent story.
Ken Tanji: Yes. And Elyse, in terms of IBNR, the -- it's -- we stayed pretty current on claim activity. So, the lag is measured in weeks and we have a pretty established process to measure that and so that continues. In terms of an outlook for 2022, we have not provided an outlook beyond the current quarter. And based upon, as Andy described, just sort of the continuation of current trends, we think that's the most reasonable approach. The situation is very unique and very dynamic, a lot of variables at play, whether it's social distancing or other preventive measures or vaccines and treatments and variants. So, we've -- in our baseline, we've extrapolated the current trends and that's what that reflects.
Andy Sullivan: So thanks, Erik. It's Andy and good morning, I'll take your question. So let me start by reiterating that PGIM is a business that has demonstrated incredibly strong ability to grow organically year-after-year. And that's really due to the success of our multi-manager model and the team's very strong execution. We've seen $55 billion in net flows over the last five years, and we've seen $11 billion in year-to-date flows. As we've talked about in the past, though, we do want to build upon that track record with programmatic bolt-on M&A. And we've been very assertive in making sure that we're both in the now and in the flow, and we are aware of these transactions in the marketplace. We're leaned into areas that are higher-growth and higher-fee-oriented areas. Three I would mention; we're looking to continue to globalize the business, specifically in Europe and Asia. We're looking to continue to build on our already strong alternatives business, where we have $250 billion in assets under management. And our acquisition of Montana Capital Partners is a great example of that. And we're looking in the area of real assets. As always, we're going to be disciplined in what we do and in how we deploy capital. To your question about sizable deals, we very much feel, if you look across our managers in PGIM, we are at scale. So it's unlikely that you would see us do what I would call a big pure-play scale deal. But to the degree that we would look and potentially do something larger, it would come with a key capability or strengthen us in a material way in a key geography and also bring along with it synergies.
Andy Sullivan: Sure, Eric. It's Andy. I'll take that one again. And let me start on the group life side. So as I'm sure you know and you've seen in the press, Delta has had a large impact on the country. The deaths in 3Q were 3 times what were expected. We were expecting 30,000 deaths, and we saw 95,000. We are a top three life and disability carrier, so -- and because of that, we have a very big and broad book of business. And there's really three effects that I would point to that we saw in the quarter. First, U.S. deaths in the age group between 35 and 54 tripled from a percentage perspective. And we cover a lot of younger workers. The average age of our group block is in the neighborhood of 46 years old. Second, as you probably know and expect, we have a large national account book of business and have a very strong share in health care, in retail and in manufacturing. These are areas where frontline workers are out and about by the definition and nature of their job, and therefore, more exposed. And then, the third thing I would mention is, about 50% of the pandemic impact we saw on the life side came from claims in the southern United States. So, clearly, this is very unfortunate that we keep experiencing this, but we're proud that we're able to deliver on our promises and help these families. As I flip to the group disability side, I would frame it as, we're seeing what we expected to see, and we're seeing what we prepared for as an organization. And as I frame this, this impact on the disability side was not the predominant impact on group insurance. It was the life side. But having said that, the disability benefit ratio was somewhat elevated at 85.9%. There were really two effects that were at play. In our fee-based STD and absence business, we are continuing to see a higher level of absence in STD claims. That really leads to more expense in the business, and you see that show up in the admin ratio. On the LTD side, as we talked about in previous quarters, we had both put up IBNR, but also we had built claims staffing to be able to -- be ready to handle what we expected to come, which we thought we would see enhanced incidents due to both the morbidity impacts of the pandemic, but also the impacts from the unemployment -- the subsequent unemployment. And we are seeing that. Our incidents on LTD was up about 10% in the quarter, and our severity was up as well, about 10% in the quarter. But again, this is what we expected to see, and this is what we prepared for. So we're handling it well. And we would expect, obviously, for this to improve and subside over time.
Andy Sullivan: Humphrey, good morning, it's Andy. And thanks for your question. So as you know and as we've talked about in the past, we do expect our revenue at Assurance IQ to be strongest in the fourth quarter given the annual enrollment season. Medicare Advantage remains a very strong opportunity for us. If you look, last year, we had a little under 1% share in that marketplace, and that marketplace is growing at 10% per year. So there's a lot of space to operate. As you saw in the quarter, we continue to invest in the platform, both in the business overall, but specifically in the quarter, we invested in building out our W-2 Prudential agent force. And what we saw is coming into the annual enrollment period season, we came in with more agents than we had last year, and those agents were operating at a higher level of productivity right out of the gate. So we're encouraged versus last year. As I've said before, we're confident in what the platform can do for us in the long term and its ability to scale.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Humphrey, it's Andy again. Thank you for your question on PGIM. So as we've discussed in the past, we will see natural variability and variation quarter-to-quarter when it comes to flows. This quarter, in aggregate, we saw modest inflows driven by a positive result on the institutional side, thanks to our work at fixed income and real estate. We did experience modest outflows on the retail side as a result of client reallocation out of equities and in the fixed income space into shorter-duration strategies. What I would say is, in any given quarter, you could experience client reallocations, and that can go either way. What we think is very important to keep your eye on is the long-term track record. And as I've said, this is a business where we've experienced a lot of flows over the long term and $11 billion year-to-date. That really comes from both outstanding capabilities and strong execution. We have a broad and diversified product portfolio in PGIM. And we -- as you've seen in the release, we continue to have exceptional investment performance with 94%-plus outperforming benchmarks in the three, five and 10-year period. So we're confident that while there'll be variability quarter-to-quarter, potentially in the near-term, we will be a net winner over time.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Tom, it's Andy. I'll take your question, and thanks for the question. So when you think about our Individual Life block in the third quarter. I'd go through a series of items here. I think we did see lift. Third quarter, I think, as you're aware, is our highest underwriting gain quarter. So there's definitely seasonality that's showing in the results. We also saw in the quarter fewer large face amount claims. And again, that's the type of thing that will vary quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, we happened to just see fewer of those. I guess the -- when it comes to the pandemic effect, in particular, I would say that our block tends to be more oriented towards the Northeast as far as geographic distribution. And I think it's pretty clear that from a US death perspective, it was heavier in the Southern region of the United States. And then, yes, you mentioned this, but the average age of our ILI block tends to be older, and those older-age demographics tend to have higher vaccination rates.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Elyse, hi, it's Andy. I'd be happy to take the question. So, we think the market in 3Q was in and around $17 billion and that's very consistent with what communicated on the previous couple of calls, that we felt the back half of the year would be very healthy. The average funded status for plans is around 97%, which is the best level in 10 years and they still have a very strong desire to transact. We think the total market size for the year will be in the neighborhood of $40 billion and we think that level of momentum will continue in the near-term. This is a space that, in many ways, we're a pioneer in and very much a leader in the space. As we've said in the past, we are very committed to it, and we are going to pick our spots. We're very confident that the strength of our brand and our capabilities and our track record. We're going to gain more than our fair share over time. But in the near-term, we do think the market is going to be healthy.
Andy Sullivan: So, Elyse, maybe I'll start and then Ken could follow-up. So, I kind of went through the dynamics of what's causing the elevated mortality, the three predominant things being the average age, the predominance of our book in certain segments, and the distribution of the claims being in places where the vaccination rates are lower. We would expect those underlying drivers to continue near-term into the fourth quarter.
Andy Sullivan: So, John, it's Andy. I think as we've talked about in the past, we actually have a higher level of both call and claims staff across our product lines. We hired out ahead of what we expected to see. So, we were well prepared as it was coming in. But we think that that level is already reflected in the admin ratio that you see.
Andy Sullivan: So it's Andy, again. I guess I'd say two things. Our expectation for the number of deaths in the quarter take into account what we think the current approach is in the employer marketplace and the current landscape of mandates. To the degree, our book tends to be more of a national account book of business, and there are more mandates in that segment, I think that would be a help to us and a tailwind.
Andy Sullivan: So Tracy, it's Andy. Let me take your question of -- about the drivers. So first and foremost, this is really a statement about our commitment as a firm to helping solve the retirement needs in America. And we continue to see a real need in the pension derisking area. We continue to see the need to lean in and help individuals in the retirement accumulation and deccumulation journeys. This was really about taking two businesses that had great momentum, that were market leaders in their space and combining together the market leading talent market and market leading capabilities. The benefits we expect to see is it will accelerate our decision making as we go -- as we continue to go after the retirement need and sharpen our focus on the retirement space. So that was really the driver, and it's an important step in how we're transforming our business mix and system.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. Hi, Ryan, it's Charlie Lowrey. I'll take that. As we stated in our opening remarks, we're making significant progress on executing to become a higher-growth, less market-sensitive and more nimble business. And this includes, as you rightly point out, the sales of our full-service recordkeeping business and our block of traditional variable annuities, as well as the completed sales of what we've talked about in Korea, Taiwan, Italy and Poland. We have also noted, to your point, that in the past, we're looking at other blocks of business that may include the areas that you spoke about. So we're accomplishing a significant amount, but we still have a lot of work to do. I would note that in terms of our overall goals, we have -- which we stated is between $5 billion and $10 billion of capital that we wanted to free up to reposition, we're already $6 billion into that, right? So we don't need to do other deals at this point. We are very happy with the economics of the deals we've done as we think it reflects the high quality of the businesses we have, but we'll only transact other deals if they make sense for all our stakeholders as we go forward.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. I think what we've always said in the past, Ryan, is that if we can't find good uses for that capital, we will return that capital to stakeholders. But what I would also say is that we are looking both organically and inorganically at ways of redeploying that capital, and organic investment is another way of doing that. So we'll be very disciplined as we go forward in looking at potential acquisitions. The M&A is going to focus on, again, asset management and emerging markets as we increase the percentage of earnings from growth areas and reduce the percentage of our legacy traditional variable annuities but we’ll continue to focus in a very disciplined way on those two areas. Andy mentioned in his previous comment the acquisition of Montana as a capital partner as an example of that, but we'll look at the pipeline that's out there and see if there are good deals to do. If they're not, we'll return capital to shareholders as we have in the past.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure. So, a couple of comments, taking them in order. In terms of organic growth, if you look at FlexGuard as an example, so we have pivoted away from the variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits and then started with new products and are investing in those and supporting those as they grow. And that really ties into becoming a less market-sensitive company, and frankly, a higher growth company. So, that's an example. So we'll look at the product pivots that we do as an example of organic growth. In terms of inorganic growth, I think there are going to be plenty of opportunities as we go forward, especially in the areas that we want to invest in, namely asset management and emerging markets, some of the growth areas. So, over time, I think we will find good places to put the capital. And as always, if we don't find places to put that capital to the extent that we don't have attractive opportunities that meet our strategic and financial criteria, we'll return the excess capital to shareholders as we've done in the past.
Charlie Lowrey: And Andrew, it's Charlie, if I could just add one -- Andrew, if I could add one other thing, and that is what Scott alluded to, which is that we have been extraordinarily disciplined in looking at the pricing of all our products around the world, not just in Japan, but as Scott said, in all the other countries, including the US. And we've been really pleased as we've increased the pricing, as we've had to with the low interest rates, the strength of the sales, and I think that comes from 3 points of view. One is the strength of our brand. Second is the strength of the solutions we provide, such as – with the new introduction of FlexGuard in this example. And third is the quality of our distribution, which is both in-house distribution and through third parties. So, we have plenty of different ways of distributing the product and I think that endures to our benefit.
Charlie Lowrey: Yeah. I'll start and then maybe Ken can add to that, Jimmy. I think what you observed is exactly correct. So it is something that we would, obviously, look at if the market was there, but I think the market is extraordinarily thin at this point for bidders on blocks like that. I would also observe that we have a very relatively small block of business and a relatively young block of business. And as a result -- and one, frankly, that we feel reasonably good about, in fact, quite good about. So if we are, as we've said, going to be very disciplined about the divestitures we make and with an eye toward creating shareholder value, we need to get -- make sure that the -- if we did transact something that it would be a transaction that was in the economic interest of our shareholders. And given the young block that it is, the bid-ask spread, if you will, can be quite large. So we'll continue to evaluate options if they come up. But at this point, we are continuing to run the book, and the book is going quite well. Ken, anything to add.
Charlie Lowrey: Well, why don't I start, Jimmy, with Japan, which I think I covered a little bit before. But I would say that the combined impact of the states of emergency and then the Olympics really did slow things down, and the effect of that really ran through September 29, with the state of emergency. We've come out of that nicely. And we really feel that our channels have benefited from our use of technology, as have our customers during this period. So we really feel like our sales organizations have adapted well to the new environment. And now that we see things out of a state of emergency and returning to a more normal state, you've seen a good sequential quarter. I would also say that, recruiting has been somewhat challenged during a coveted environment. We've also learned how to recruit and bring people on board in a more remote environment. But I think, as we come out of COVID, both the actual sales activity and the ability to recruit will continue to improve, and we see that as a positive sign. In Brazil, our sales have been improving from the combination of having a strong Life Planner model. But more importantly, we've been building our third-party distribution. And most recently, that's now exceeded a-third of our sales. And just a few years ago, that was closer to 10%. So we've seen positive momentum from the channels that we sell in. COVID hit harder -- quite frankly, a bit harder in Brazil than it did in Japan. And again, we're really happy with the resiliency that our sales force has shown there. So overall, we feel good about the trends in both markets. And I think the most recent quarter is indicative of why we maintain that confidence.
Charlie Lowrey: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today. Our performance this year and the progress we're making on repositioning our business mix and advancing the cost-savings program, along with disciplined capital deployment, reinforces our confidence in our strategy to transform Prudential and generate substantial growth. We remain optimistic about the opportunity to continue to deliver strong financial outcomes to all our stakeholders. Thank you again for joining us today and for your time.
