Charles Frederick Lowrey: Okay, well, I think, Chris, there are a couple of questions there. First, let me deal with flows. I think this quarter what we'd say is, flows were slightly higher than we wanted, but not higher than we expected. I think, as Mark said, we -- we're nothing if not consistent. And if you look at last year, we had flows of about $20 billion. So we've averaged about $5 billion a quarter. This quarter, they were slightly higher, I think because of the new product launch that's being made. But we try to manage any acceleration in sales as carefully as we can. Having said that, I think we'd expect sales to trend down somewhat over time, and that's what we hope for.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Okay, Nigel, in terms of the GM transaction -- this is Charlie. We can't say too much about it because obviously it hasn't closed yet, it's supposed to close in the fourth quarter, but I'll make a couple of comments here. One, we think GM did a very good job in terms of managing its pension fund. So we started the process from a very good place. In particular, it's not surprisingly that the -- but not surprising, the assets and the liabilities were relatively well matched, so that helps. More to your point, there's a true-up mechanism at the end of the process that takes into account a variety of different market factors. That's built in. But I'd conclude by saying that we and GM tried to put together, what I call, a very durable agreement that contemplated a lot of market movements. So I think we're feeling very good about our partner, and we're feeling very good about the business itself.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure. Well, we did do a closed-end fund. It was a very successful fund. It was about $700 million for a high yield strategy. And obviously, with closed in funds, you have an initial kind of IPO cost, if you will, and that was roughly $12 million. So that was a big part of the expense gain for the quarter. But we're really pleased with, obviously, the execution of this business and the start of a new sort of strategic direction for us.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: No, I think it's very much the former. It's not performance related. We actually had good performance across all the asset classes this quarter. I'll divide the flows into a couple of ways. But if you look at the institutional flows, as John said, they were reasonably balanced between, obviously, the inflows and the outflows. We've had very good inflows in the fixed income. The outflows were from equity. About half of it was from our quantitative side, QMA, and about half of it was from Jennison. But within the QMA, the interesting thing is there was one passive mandate for which we virtually got very, very little fees. And that was just a client moving out of that particular strategy. The others were more rebalancing, either from equities into fixed income or from domestic into global. So it was not performance related; it was really rebalancing of client assets.
Mark B. Grier: Chris, it's Mark. You can hear from the portrayal of the capital position that we still have capacity, and we still have the theme of being opportunistic with respect to finding things that make sense for us strategically and financially. And making sense financially right now, by the way, is very heavily influenced by the contribution that any capital deployment can make to the realization of our ROE objective. In terms of pension risk transfer, those deals will be lumpy. They're hard to forecast. The market has certainly taken notice of the transaction that we're doing with General Motors, and there is interest. And we believe that over time, this can be a very attractive deployment of capital for us, but it's hard to predict the timing. So I guess the net headline is that we have capacity, we'll be careful with respect to the way in which that capacity's used, we do see both business opportunities with respect to things like pension transfer, as well as other deployment opportunities, and we're going to do everything that's pointed in the direction of the realization of the ROE target.
Mark B. Grier: I wouldn't make an unqualified statement about the commitment to share repurchases. We'll be making the right economic decision. Having said that, pension risk transfer deals are very capital friendly. And so even a fairly substantial pension risk transfer deal may not put a lot of pressure on the availability of capital for share repurchases. We like the picture that's in front of us in terms of capital friendly deployment opportunities.
Mark B. Grier: We haven't parsed it with too sharp a pencil in terms of the pension risk transfer deal. But having said that, the answer to your question, is yes, that's the ballpark.
Mark B. Grier: This is Mark, I'll start with the interest rate question, and then Charlie can discuss the GM question, and Ed can discuss the international question. But with respect to interest rates, I think the low rate scenario that we had contemplated when we were responding to questions 2 years ago about low rate scenarios is coming through. And the impact on us is unfolding pretty much as we had described at that time. If you look at GAAP earnings, we do see a negative impact from lower reinvestment rates either because absolute returns on some of our assets are lower or because there is spread compression with respect to some of the particular products that we sell. But as we have reinforced our belief in the earnings power of the company and the achievability of our ROE target, obviously now, we're in the middle of the low-rate scenario. And we still believe that, that ROE objective is a fair representation of our earnings power in a range of outcomes that includes continued low rates.
Mark B. Grier: Yes, I think your references to recent both published, as well as oral comments about Prudential standards and the capital and solvency regime view of companies that are thrift-holding companies, but also predominantly engaged in insurance and other aspects, so the consideration of capital and solvency standards for insurance companies has kind of been on the front burner. I guess I'd start off by saying the same thing we've been saying for a long time around the SIFI issue, which is, it's a lot more important than we get it right than which label we wind up stuck with. And I think that gets right at the point you're making, which is, are the capital and solvency standards that are being contemplated appropriately consistent with our business models in the way in which risk is realized by a company like Prudential. And then from there you would go to the SIFI question and think about how to apply the right framework. But with respect to SIFI designation, it's very, very much up in the air. The process is underway. I would say it's uncertain with respect to how or where we may come out of that. With respect to the contemplation of capital and solvency standards for us, we're actively engaged in discussions around our interpretation of what's been put out there. We'll be considering either an individual or collective comment letter for the Fed on the solvency standards proposed for thrift holding companies. And we'll be making many of the same points that we've made for a long time, which is that the bank framework doesn't work very well. And that it's appropriate to think very differently about volatility and the way in which risk is realized and the cash consequences of different environments for insurance companies versus banks. And that's an ongoing process in which we're actively engaged.
Mark B. Grier: We look at a lot of implications of different solvency regimes. The Basel frameworks that have come out, as well as other things that we do internally with our own capital management processes. I'm not going to comment on the specific outcomes related to any particular stress tests, except to tell you that we turn it over a lot of different ways and pay a lot of attention to what these things might mean for us. And that it informs us as we comment on the way in which the framework is shaping up.
John Robert Strangfeld: And keep in mind, Chris, that capital deployment means capital deployment of the non-monetizable capital that's in PICA. And these pension risk transfer businesses are done within PICA. That's a noncash requirement, right? It's a noncash use of capital.
John Robert Strangfeld: Regarding our product profitability, Nigel, let me offer you a couple of comments. First, I would bring your attention to the fact that the biggest increase in product was actually in the cancer-related products. And as you know, both for us and for others, those are among some of the highest margin products out there. Secondly, the single premium whole life, probably that's at the lower end of our targeted range of profitability given the current interest rate environment. But again, that represented only about 13% of our sales. Quite a bit higher is the increase taking place in our dollar-denominated retirement income. So if you actually look at our product breakdown, what you see is our #1 product is retirement income. Again, that's been our lead product for half a dozen years. Number 2, for this quarter, which is unusually high, would be the cancer product. Number 3, is our normal whole life. And you only get to single premium with sort of the number 4 product in our portfolio for this particular quarter. So when you look at the total mix, we're actually very comfortable with the profitability of the portfolio that was sold during this quarter.
John Robert Strangfeld: All right, and then on the capital question. The expression that I've used on this is "capital friendly", and not necessarily "capital light". But this is a very efficient deal because of the way in which it goes on the statutory books. This is a good home for this kind of a transaction because of the way in which we recognize the liabilities and because of the way in which we can manage the cash flows on the asset and liability sides of our balance sheet. In terms of issues, the concentration question is the one that's been raised and it has sort of 2 branches to it. One branch is around the notion of a very large deal going on the books all at once. And as you might imagine, we have very carefully considered the impact on our balance sheet of this transaction, very carefully understanding the assets that we'll be receiving as part of the payment of the premium, as well as the investments that we'll have to make ourselves to properly manage against this liability. We believe also in the context, by the way, of total Prudential that although this General Motors transaction is large, it's not out of proportion. When you look at the kind of risk that we want to take and the skill sets that we have in both sides of the balance sheet managing this liability as well as managing the asset. The other branch of the concentration question relates to having all of the underlying lives covered by this annuity coming from 1 employer. And I guess you'd have to argue that there may be some unusual correlation or some unusual longevity outcome related to that population. We haven't seen it, so I think net, we are very comfortable with the capital efficiency, with the skill sets that we have to manage this asset liability and with the fit of this deal in the context of the risk we want to take and the things that we're good at.
John Robert Strangfeld: And this is John, I'd like to add a point. But I wanted to add a point, partly to something, John, you raised and something that Nigel raised a little bit earlier, which is related to both the environment and our conviction around our achieving a 13% goal. And just a couple of thoughts about that. Obviously, from our figures here, you can see a run rate of a bit more than 11%. And our -- so the real question is, how do we get from the 11% plus to the 13%? And from our point of view, what we're thinking about is the things that most principally are going to affect that, that are going to drive us from where we are to obtaining it, is the continuing momentum of the international businesses, which you're hearing a lot about, which you're seeing tangible evidence of; the realizations, number 2, the realization of the Star/Edison synergies -- and you heard comments about being on track with that; the improvement we expect to see from our U.S. businesses, the run rate impact; the GM transaction and active capital management. Those are really the 5 things that are the big drivers that take us from the mid-11% range to the 13%. And frankly, based on where we are and what it takes, we like our prospects for achieving it.
Edward P. Baird: Sure, let me talk a little -- this is Ed Baird speaking. Let me talk a little bit about the product profitability and the sales and the factors that are driving them. As you observed correctly, the -- one of the drivers for the bump in earnings in Gibraltar was the increased sales in the cancer whole life product. And as Mark explained, there is a particular accounting treatment of that, such that you recognize it in the quarter in which the annual premium is received. That's not particularly unique, that's part of the seasonality that influences certain sales. So yes, you will see that in this quarter. You'll see it recur in the same quarter next year and the years thereafter. What you can't be able to predict, however, is what these other sales are going to do to earnings. Let me give you a few examples of this. There are elements this quarter that are advancing, as Mark accurately described them, future sales. So, for instance, the change in the tax treatment from the cancer, the change in the crediting rates on the dollar-denominated products. So those things are advancing some future sales. The flip side of that, however, is that we're just starting to see the emergence of factors that will strengthen sales. What I have in mind here, for example, within Gibraltar specifically, is the growth in the number of banks. We're up to about 60 banks that we're now active with. As you know, we've reported that we inherited almost 100 in total when we combined what we got from Star and Edison with what we had. And we've just been slowly going through those relationships to see which ones we want to add and how much we want to commit to it. So there's a positive trend there that is yet still emerging. Another factor is that one of the things we have done in the independent agent channel, which again gets reported through Gibraltar, is we have just introduced in this past quarter what has long been our leading product in Japan. And that is the very profitable dollar-denominated retirement income product. That's just been introduced during the second quarter. So there are some aspects of the sales in this quarter, and thus, in the profitability that are advancing future things, but on the other -- and those should not be sort of linearly extrapolated into the future. But on the other hand, there are still some emerging very strong positive trends that will net against that. So consequently, it makes it very difficult to say exactly how you should normalize the quarter.
Edward P. Baird: Sure, Ed. Let me talk a little bit about some of the marketplace dynamics. I wouldn't want to reference any one competitor, but I will talk a little bit about the performance of some of the competitors, both foreign and domestic and the influence it had on our sales and the relative profitability that you could expect. You will have noted that some of the companies who were very strong in their sales over the past year in some of these heavily investment oriented products have indeed retrenched, either by putting in place some kind of cap, lowering crediting rates, redesigning their product, or in the case of some of them, actually withdrawing the product. You will note that we've not done those things, because our view, frankly, is that if it is necessary to do that, that means that one was overreaching probably to begin with. So we have abstained from that kind of approach because we put less emphasis, as you know, on chasing market share that we do on chasing profitability. Secondly, the single premium product that we sell is Yen-based, and that, of course, is a currency that has been living at the low end of returns for a very long time, although in fairness even there, the JGBs have dropped as well. So even Yen-based products need to be evaluated as we continue to evaluate all products, but not with the urgency that the dollar-based products have had to be because they've not experienced that same degree of precipitous drop. So we're actually pretty comfortable with the range of these products, and we will continue to monitor. And if we think the returns don't hit ours, then we will make adjustments. But in general, the reason you saw the sales go up here on this product had not to do with the actions we took but rather the actions that the competitors took in pulling back to a position more comparable to ours. I would cite just one very simplistic example. In some cases, some of the competitors have pulled back the discount they were giving for advanced premium from 1% to say, 50 basis points. We were already at 50 basis points. So you could go through a whole litany of product features and find that there's a comparable movement that has made our product more attractive, not because of actions we have taken, but because of the relative rebalancing that some of the competitors have.
Edward P. Baird: I don't think -- I think it's very interesting; I don't know that we could say we lost it because we didn't have it to begin with. Could we have had more, had they not taken those actions? Possibly. As you know, we're still in the early growth mode with this channel. So that even though sales are up 80%, I believe, yes, in the bank channel for the quarter, and that's over a comparative quarter that was up 60%. So I can't complain that we're not getting growth. It's really just a matter of what's available on the shelf. And at the moment, I think we're seeing that our position on the shelf is looking relatively more attractive, because obviously, I think, both because of the pressure of the solvency margin rules, the new rules that I think are forcing some competitors to maybe take a more cautious approach, more conservative approach to their investment portfolio, and therefore, not be able to support maybe some of the higher yields they were providing on these kinds of products. So I think the trends there are to our favor.
