Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I’ll begin on slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the first quarter of 2023 relative to our fourth quarter results. As noted, pre-tax adjusted operating income in the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $2.42 on an after tax basis. To get a sense of how our first quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items. First, variable investment income was below expectations in the fourth quarter by $125 million. Next, we adjust underwriting experience by net $60 million, as we normalize for fourth quarter experience and expect seasonality in the first quarter. And last, we expect other items to increase adjusted operating income by $91 million, primarily due to seasonally elevated expenses in the fourth quarter. These items combined get us to a baseline of $3.01 per share for the first quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the first quarter, earnings per share would be $3.07. The key takeaway is that, our underlying earnings power has improved due to the business growth and the benefit of higher interest rates. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the first quarter. As we as we look forward, we have included other considerations for 2023 in the appendix. Turning to slide 11. I'll now provide an update on the adoption of the new accounting standard for long duration insurance contracts which went into effect on January 1. The new standard applies to our GAAP financial statements and will have no direct effect on our statutory financial statements, cash flows or dividend capacity. We estimate that as of September 30, 2022, GAAP equity will increase by approximately $15 billion comprised of two components. Accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, will increase by approximately $17 billion, primarily due to remeasurement of long duration liabilities with higher discount rates in our Japan business. Retained earnings will be reduced by approximately $2 billion, reflecting the reclassification of non-performance risk gains from retained earnings AOCI and other changes in reserves. Also of note, GAAP equity will continue to exclude certain unrealized insurance margins from products subject to LDTI. As of September 30, 2022, the estimated after-tax unrealized insurance margins related to those products are approximately $50 billion, primarily in our Japan business. These margins are an important factor in determining financial strength and assessing profitability. And finally, we do not expect significant impacts from LDTI on our total underlying earnings power, as impacts across our businesses will largely offset. Turning to slide 12. Our capital position continues to support our AA financial strength rating. Our cash and liquid assets were $4.5 billion, at the high end of our liquidity target range. We have substantial off-balance sheet resources, including contingent capital and liquidity facilities. We remain thoughtful in our capital deployment, balancing the preservation of financial strength, investment in our businesses and shareholder distributions. Turning to slide 13 and in summary. We are transforming our businesses for sustainable growth. We exceeded our targeted cost savings one year ahead of plan and will maintain our discipline and continuous improvement mindset going forward. We continue to navigate the current macro environment with the financial strength of our rock solid balance sheet. Now, I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. Hey, Erik, it's Ken. Overall, we do feel good about our overall capital picture in multiple parts, as you suggest, but I thought it might be helpful to give a little bit of an overall context for our capital management. We've had a very well-established and consistent approach. And we've served us very well particularly last year as we look to shift our business to be less market-sensitive and grow, while also maintaining financial strength and the flexibility. We closed the sales of our full service business and the PALAC variable annuity block last year that released capital at attractive terms. And we also deployed capital to the second largest PRT transaction with IBM. We also, as we mentioned and discussed on our last call, absorbed the capital impact of the assumption update in our life insurance business and the non-economic impact of higher rates on staffed capital. Again, that was expected. It's manageable, and we've appropriately addressed those capital implications. When you put that all together, we ended 2022 in a solid capital position. Our RBC ratios were above our AA objectives and our target there is to be above 3.75%. Our Japan solvency margin ratios are above their AA objectives. We have an HLA balance of $4.5 billion at the Holdco. And as you mentioned, that's at the high end of our target range. And we have a healthy outlook for our businesses with sustained profitability and free cash flow, so that led our Board to authorize $1 billion of share repurchases for next year – or this year, actually, 2023, and that's reflective of our capital position as we end 2022. That also considers the free cash flow outlook for our businesses and our opportunities to deploy capital and also the macro environment, whether that's a potential for another recession or other stress events. So again, when we put that all together, we feel good that we're consistent with our AA objectives. We have a level of flexibility, and that's what our board considered when they issued where they authorized $1 billion in share repurchases for this year and increased our dividend 4%, which, again, is the 15th straight year of dividend increases. So hopefully, I gave you a much broader answer there, but I hope that's helpful context.
Ken Tanji: Hey, Erik, I'll start and then turn it over to Caroline to give a broader business context. But just from a sheer sensitivity to short-term rates, yes, we are benefiting from short-term rates. And generally, overall, our variable annuity business is sensitive to rates, both long-term and short-term. So a rise in both is actually helping us. In terms of short-term rates, we did see a pickup in earnings, because we're earning a higher return from collateral, that's posted on our hedging positions, and that's driven by the uptick in short-term rates. But there's more dynamics going on broadly for the business. So maybe Caroline, I'll turn it over to you for that.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Generally are -- and again, I think I mentioned this on the last call, our overall level of debt has been pretty consistent over the last few years. And we do have the ability to call about $1.5 billion of debt this year in June. But that's up to us. We're not obligated to do so. It is our practice to pre-fund upcoming maturities and calls and we've factored that into our debt issuance plans last year. Having said that, we're going to continue to evaluate the market conditions in our liquidity position and factor that into the decision to -- and the timing to call the debt or not. And we're also going to look at our overall funding needs going forward. And again, our discipline is to pre-fund upcoming plan. So it's really an ongoing cycle is the best way you should think of it.
Ken Tanji: Sure, Tom. We -- as we described, when we updated our assumptions for GAAP, we would be making those same assumption updates for stat and that -- for statutory purposes occurs in the fourth quarter. So that was -- our GAAP impact was about $1.4 billion. It is larger on a stat basis. Stat tends to be more conservative, and that's what occurred in the fourth quarter. That was generally what led to the -- our RBC ratio in the fourth quarter going from above 400% to below it, but still, again, above our AA objective of 375. And we didn't make a capital contribution into PICA to achieve that again as we expected. So, just a reminder of the moving parts there.
Ken Tanji: Yes, thanks for bringing that up. We do have a company in Bermuda called Lotus Re, which is a reinsurer. And it does give us the capability to reinsure business to that entity, and we did so in 2022. As you mentioned, we initially capitalized it and then we reinsured a block of variable life business to that business -- to that entity in 2022, and that was a source of capital release. And all that was factored into our PICA outcomes for the year, which, again, we continue to be above 375.
Ken Tanji: I don't think we want to put a precise number on it. It's an internal reinsurance transaction, but it does improve our flexibility.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Alex, it's Ken. Our businesses are generating free cash flow to maintain our shareholder distributions, but -- and also to support the growth of the business. And we do have diverse sources of cash flow to the parent company. That's provided by our business mix across our US insurance and retirement PGIM and Japan businesses. And they're all expected to contribute over time, I think the way to think about our free cash flow ratio is it's been about 65% given our -- of our after-tax AOI, given our mix of business and growth. And we think that's about right. And we would expect, again, to receive capital from all of our businesses, including the PICA legal entity.
Ken Tanji: Ryan, it's Ken. I think you're referring to our asset adequacy testing. We're not expecting any significant change in our AAT reserves in light of the higher rate environment.
Ken Tanji: Hey, Tracy, no, in terms of the assumption update, that is recorded in – that was recorded in the fourth quarter, again, consistent with established practice for statutory reporting. And nothing new there to report came in as expected, and we did not – we did not need to fund PICA with capital from Holdco as – also as expected. So, nothing really new there.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. Tracy, it's Ken. Just looking back here and as a reminder, we set that a three-year objective in 2021 and the target was initially $10 billion over the three-year period. Later in 2021, we increased that objective as cash flow for 2021 was very strong. And as I kind of highlighted earlier in the call, in 2022, last year, we managed through a number of significant items, which was our assumption update in our life insurance business, the jumping rates and the non-economic impact on stat accounting and then we had the major PRT transactions. And again, when we put that all together, we think we end up to – at the end of 2022 in a very competitive position from a capital standpoint and a healthy outlook for our businesses with sustained cash flow going forward. So yeah, that's what got factored into the decision along with the outlook of the economy with the recession uncertainty. So the $1 billion will put us a little shy of the $11 billion, but it will only take about another quarter to achieve that.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey, Elyse, the impact on our PICA RBC ratio was about 35 basis points, maybe a little bit more. And that occurred with the rise in rates from 2Q through 4Q. And you'll be able to see that in our Blue Book and Green Book combined. So we'll be reporting that at the end of the month. We have been with very active discussions with regulators, and I know many others have across the industry have been as well. There seems to be a good understanding of the issue and a lot of careful consideration being given on how to best address it, so more to come. But rest assured, we're working with our regulators and many others are as well to see what -- how best to address this issue.
Ken Tanji: Maybe I'll just add just to remind people, we do have contingent sources of funding, in particular, our PCAPs, which is $3 billion is a guaranteed source of funding. So, that's an important source of funding in the event of a variety of reasons, including stress.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Again, rising rates is generally a good thing economically. But for this one item called IMR, a decline in rates would help. But it's a pretty complicated and complex item and will also vary depending upon the activity level. So, I can't give you a precise sensitivity as a result. But we factored into our overall capital position in order to make sure we can deal with the volatility.
Ken Tanji: Yes. It has been a company-wide objective. So, the impact is across all of our businesses and the contribution that our corporate centers make towards that. And it does hit the bottom-line. Having said that, we are investing to grow certain business lines, particularly PGIM and International and so they just want to add that dynamic in there as well.
Ken Tanji: Yes, we've maintained Assurance well-capitalized and funded its losses as they've been incurred. Profitability continues to improve and we'll continue to keep it well-capitalized going forward.
Ken Tanji: Yeah, I'll cover that. Actually, one of the things that we disclosed for GAAP is the fair value of that earn-out, and we've been disclosing that as zero. So I think that would give you a good indication.
Ken Tanji: Yeah, because AAT, I mean it looks at a number of scenarios and it also looks at not just the level of ending surplus but also interim periods. And with derivatives, we have some interim periods that offset the impact of higher rates on the ultimate period. So it's a little technical question. But overall, little changes there.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. Sure. So yeah, again, overall, we don't expect an overall change to the run rate level of the earnings. And actually, some of the businesses will have no or little impact, which would be, as you would expect, PGIM, Assurance and Group Insurance. The earnings from our International and Institutional Retirement businesses, are expected to increase on a run rate basis, and that's really due to the earlier recognition of the unrealized insurance margins, which are quite sizable. On the other hand, earnings from individual retirement and life insurance in the US are expected to be lower, and that's primarily due to the slower recognition of revenue for those businesses. Again, kind of some pluses and minuses that offset but that's sort of the segment level information. We, like others, will be providing a lot more information prior to our first quarter earnings when we restate under the new standard. So, you can expect to get a lot more.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure, Suneet. Thanks for the question and our ability to clarify. Yes, we saw the headlines too and we're slightly surprised. The -- our strategy remains consistent with exactly what we have been doing. So, what we've said is that we won't be investing in early-stage companies with less proven track records. What we're focusing on is developing a portfolio programmatic acquisitions, concentrating on more established businesses where we can expand the capabilities and scale of our existing businesses. And this approach supports what you said, which is our strategy of growing PGIM and emerging markets and really focusing on asset management and high-growth international markets that will help increase our fee earnings and growth profile. And if you look at our recent -- most recent four transactions, which include ICEA LION, Montana Capital Partners, Custom Harvest Asset Management, and most recently, Alexforbes, these are all examples of this approach of acquiring more established companies and are consistent with what we have done and what we will do going forward.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure, Mike. It's Charlie. I'll take that. So as you know, we've made significant progress in our transformation so far, but we would also note, we still have more work to do to become a higher growth and less market sensitive company. And as we look ahead, we're going to focus on our financial performance. We're going to focus on advancing our transformation, including the customer and employee experience, and we're going to focus on continuing to thoughtfully deploy capital. All of that, with a goal of creating long-term sustainable value for all our stakeholders. And we think we're well-positioned across our businesses to be a global leader in expanding access to investment -- investing insurance and retirement security. And we'll do that in three ways. We'll continue to invest in our growth businesses and markets as we go forward, we'll deliver industry leading customer experiencing, leveraging our broad capabilities and scope of diversified businesses, and which we'll continue to invest as well, and we'll create the next generation of financial solutions to better serve the diverse needs of a broad range of customers. So what I'd say in summary is that we're definitely committed to becoming a higher growth, less market sensitive company. And our progress will obviously be dependent upon opportunities that arise and the macroeconomic conditions we face, but we're laser focused on what we need to do, and we'll accomplish that.
Charlie Lowrey: Okay, thank you. And thank you everyone for joining us today. I hope we demonstrated the progress we are making to transform Prudential to deliver sustainable, long-term growth and meet the evolving needs of our customers. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our strategy and the strength of our company. For nearly 150 years, Prudential is focused on creating value for our customers and other stakeholders who we will continue to serve as we strive to be the global leader in expanding access to investing, insurance and retirement security. Thank you again for your time today.
Andy Sullivan: So Alex, it's Andy. I'll take your question. Yes, you sort of mentioned some of the effects as we look back from the COVID pandemic that obviously resulted in some headwinds from a sales perspective. But thankfully, as we sit here, those pandemic challenges have subsided quite a bit. We're exceptionally proud of our Japanese businesses. We've steadily increased our market share over time, and we've consistently ranked in the top three for new business face amounts every year of the last decade, that's generated significant earnings and cash flows for Prudential. Our strategy to grow the business is threefold. First, we're very focused on continuing to strengthen and expand both our captive and our third-party distribution; Second, we're going to continue to innovate and expand on the solutions that we deliver to our customers; and finally, and importantly, we remain laser-focused on delivering an outstanding customer experience with a particular emphasis on our digital capabilities. We're very, very proud and good at that. In fact, we're consistently ranked by J.D. Power's in the top three and often number one in policy issuance, policy service and claims. The market remains highly attractive to us, and we intend to grow our position in the low-single digits over time.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Ryan, it's Andy again. I'll take the question. So given the rise in the US dollar and the weakening of the yen, we have seen an elevated level of surrenders in the business. The effect there is really some customers are looking to monetize their gains out of their non-yen products in yen terms. That being said, we saw this effect begin to decelerate in the month of December, and that deceleration has continued here in the month of January as the yen appreciate it. So we would expect as the yen starts to stabilize, this effect will stabilize in the business.
Andy Sullivan: Sure, Jimmy, it's Andy. We have a high degree of confidence in our approach in PGIM. As you've heard me say before, flows are an outcome of really three things; having a broad and diversified product portfolio, great long-term investment results and great distribution. The bottom line is we've stayed very focused on those elements because we know they work. It has resulted in our strong track record over -- with positive flows in 18 of the last 20 years. So we're continuing to expand our product range in vehicles. Just as an example, our ultra-short bond ETF ranked number two in terms of net flow rate in its category. Second, we're continuing to invest in distribution on both the retail and institutional side. In retail, we're maintaining our high activity, high visibility approach with advisers. And in institutional, we added a significant number of new clients this year. And then obviously, finally, our long-term investment track record speaks for itself over three, five and 10 years. The predominant impact that we've seen has been a fixed income impact. And in particular, we believe that sustained higher rates are really good for the fixed income business. So we're going to keep doing what we know works, and we're confident that we're going to be a net grower over time.
Andy Sullivan: So as I've said in the past, flow is very a good bit quarter-to-quarter, especially on the institutional side, they're chunky. So we wouldn't provide a forecast on that. Over the long run, we know that we're going to grow.
Andy Sullivan: So John, it's Andy. I'll take your question. So really, the impact you saw near-term, COVID kept pressure on our recruiting efforts and retention efforts. Fact is, throughout the last couple of years, it was a harder environment to recruit and establish culture with new agents. That impacted our life consultant count more so than our Life Planner counts, but it did affect both. As we've started to transition to more of an endemic, we are seeing an improvement and expect to see an improvement over time. We'll remain focused on two areas; first, strengthening our existing people's performance and we're exceptionally proud of our talent. We have the highest number of million dollar roundtable members who really deliver every single day for our customers. And second, we are continuing to lean in to attract land and develop new agents, which as we come out of the COVID pandemic, we believe will be easier for us. So this is a model that has worked for us very consistently over a long period of time, and we expect to keep seeing steady performance.
