Ken Tanji: Thanks Rob. I’ll begin on slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the third quarter of 2023 relative to our second quarter results. As noted, pre-tax adjusted operating income in the second quarter was $1.4 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $2.94 on an after tax basis. To get a sense of how our third quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items. First, our annual assumption update and other refinements resulted in a net benefit of $16 million in the second quarter, not [ph] included an adjustment for the third quarter. The potential exists for continued revaluation of real estate investments and lower prepayment activity due to the current market and economic conditions. Variable investment income will vary from period to period, however, over time, it has exceeded our expectations. Third, underwriting experience was below expectations by $5 million in the second quarter, and we expect $20 million of favorable seasonality in the third quarter. And last, we include an adjustment of $90 million for other items, primarily due to elevated expenses in the second quarter. These adjustments combined get us to a baseline of $3.26 per share for the third quarter. I’ll note if you exclude items specific to the third quarter, earnings per share would be $3.35. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power continued to improve due to business growth, including the benefit of higher interest rates, partially offset by higher investments in our capabilities and growth initiatives. I would also note that due to continued opportunities to build capabilities, pursue growth initiatives and gain efficiency, we expect an increased level of investments in these areas that will be reflected in corporate and other. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the third quarter. Turning to slide 11. Our capital position continues to support our AA financial strength rating. Our cash and liquid assets were $4.5 billion at the high-end of our liquidity target range. Our regulatory capital ratios were well above our targets and we have substantial off-balance sheet resources, including $9 billion of contingent capital and liquidity facilities. We remain thoughtful in our capital deployment, balancing preservation of financial strength and flexibility, investment in our businesses and shareholder distributions. Turning to slide 12 and in summary, we are transforming our business for sustainable growth. We continue to navigate the current macro environment with the financial strength of our rock solid balance sheet, and we maintain a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. Now I’ll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Ys. Hey Tom, it’s Ken. Yes, we executed planned distributions from our businesses in the second quarter. That cash flow reflected dividends from PICA and Japan and other affiliated cash flows from subsidiaries as well. And again, it was all part of our plans for the year. Our capital position as a result is very healthy. Our regulatory capital ratios are above our AA objectives that would include the benefit of the recent VA reinsurance transaction, but does not yet reflect the GUL transaction, which will be subject to close later. And again, our Holdco assets were $4.5 billion, relatively flat from the prior quarter and a high end of our target range. So again, we’ll benefit from the GUL transaction when it closes and the NAIC IMR proposal when that is adopted. So that’s not yet in our RBC ratios. And these will all be key considerations for dividends from PICA to PFI in the second half of the year, again, with the close of GUL and NAIC’s decision on negative IMR. So overall, we feel very good about our capital position and the outlook for our flexibility looking ahead.
Ken Tanji: Yes. So you’re right, Tom. The proposal is subject to a limitation of 10% of statutory surplus with adjusted for some exclusions. And for us, that’s about $1.3 billion or that you can think of that as about 26 RBC points. So, that’s what it would represent for us where we sit and where interest rate sits right now.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey Wes, it’s Ken. No, it was all planned. So, the distributions we received were all planned, and we didn’t issue any debt in the quarter either. In fact, as you recognize, we called some debt, which again was all planned. So -- and we didn’t pull forward anything. So, it was all part of what our plans were for the year. So, I hope that helps.
Ken Tanji: Sure. The -- what I mentioned there was we have found new opportunities to invest in our capabilities and including growth opportunities and to gain efficiency. It’s building on the programs that we’ve executed in the past and we have increased our investment level there. We’ve put a placeholder in there in terms of our run rate of about -- increase of about $25 million a quarter. And so that’s -- given our plans now, we think that’s appropriate planned increase in the pace of that. I just want to mention that the way we look at these opportunities is they’re often company-wide, and that’s why you see the expenses occurring in corporate, but the benefits then are reflected in our business segments. And then overall, from an expense level standpoint, we’ve maintained basically a flat level of expenses, while we’ve increased the level of capacity to invest in growth and capabilities and efficiencies, the efficiencies that we’ve gained there of giving us that capacity. And so overall, we’ve seen a flat level of expenses, improved level of capabilities, gained efficiencies and improve margins.
Ken Tanji: Well, yes. But if you think about corporate, you should think about that as being an ongoing level of spend in corporate.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey Tracy, it’s Ken. The VA deal, it’s -- the 650 is about 13 RBC points and the 450 from the GUL deal is about 9 RBC points. So, that’s the quantum expressed in RBC.
Ken Tanji: Sure, Tracy. It’s Ken. A number of things there. So, let me cover them if I miss them, make sure I come back to them. But overall, we utilize reinsurance and our counterparties very carefully. We spread our reinsurance across a select group of high-quality third-party reinsurers. And as you would expect, we have standards for that reinsurance that we certainly applied to these transactions. While they’re entering into the business, they do have experience, the management team of these reinsurers have a lot of industry experience and are committed to the business in the long term. But beyond that, we have contractual provisions, some of which you alluded to. But I also want to highlight that we’ll be doing the administration of the business. So, we have complete control over that. And the reserves for the business in one instance will be in a comfort trust and the other to the structure, segregated account, but they provide similar assurances and protections. And again, will be over-collateralized with the procedures for timely settlement. We also -- I want to highlight that have investment guidelines for the investment portfolios for the investments that are held in these trusts or accounts. So overall, when we put that all together, we think the counterparty risk is well positioned for us. I think I covered your questions there, but hopefully, that helps.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Obviously, those are their assumptions. Again, they have the people there on the other side with Somerset. They have a lot of experience, but they make their own assumptions. But also, they obviously are going to be subject to their own regulatory standards in the jurisdictions of which they operate. So, this got a lot of regulatory attention on both their side and our side. And we think that’s also in good standing.
Andy Sullivan: Hey Jimmy, it’s Andy. I’ll take your question. Our Japan operation, as you know, is competitively advantaged with outstanding distribution, great product and a strong brand. And we’ve been quite pleased with the sales results this quarter as we experienced year-over-year growth in our LP, our LC and our bank channels. That growth was aided by higher U.S. dollar product sales. But we’ve also been investing into the business. Clearly, our work on innovating our product designs and enhancing our customer experience is paying off. As we look at the interest rate changes, as we always say, overall higher interest rates are good for Prudential and are good for our Japanese businesses. We do believe that those higher interest rates will obviously give us greater flexibility in our product design and then delivering value back to our customers. So, while we may see a shift of the mix between U.S. dollar and yen denominated, we think we’ll still see strong demand. And as we look forward, we’re optimistic about our ability to continue to grow the Japan business and deliver shareholder value.
Andy Sullivan: So Jimmy, it’s Andy. I’ll take your question, and I’ll just hit it broadly to talk about flows for the quarter. As we’ve talked about, flows are outcome of having great distribution, broadly diversified products and strong investment results. And we’ve been a net flow winner over a multiyear period in PGIM, and we’re quite confident in the strength of our capabilities. And as always, we’re going to continue to manage this for the long term. That said, this quarter, we did see a material reduction in our outflows versus the previous quarters. On the retail end, outflows were $2.2 billion and were predominantly an equity story. We’ve seen retail clients rebalancing their portfolios based on the heels of strong equity market appreciation. On the institutional side, the outflows were $3 billion for the quarter. Again, that’s a material improvement over the previous quarters. These outflows included both equity and fixed income. The equity story for Institutional is the same as that for retail. It’s client rebalancing. For fixed income, we saw some of our clients make asset allocation changes and other shift to passive. As far as an outlook, near term, we expect that this current investor behavior is going to continue. And to your question, our trend is consistent with what we’re seeing across the rest of the industry. Over the longer term, we have a lot of confidence in our PGIM platform, and we know that we’re going to return to strong positive flows and gain market share.
Andy Sullivan: So John, it’s Andy. I’ll take it. Maybe I’ll bring it up a level, just talk about in general as we do de-risking transactions. And in particular, the recent de-risking transactions we did in Individual Retirement Strategies and Individual Life. It is true, we’ll lose some assets under management from the general account. But we -- as you’ve noted, we worked hard and got an IMA. That is deal specific, how long they -- those IMAs go, depending deal to deal. But it does give us the ability to continue to manage a majority of the assets. And at the end of the day, if you look across the risk transactions that we’ve done recently, it’s not really going to have a material impact on PGIM earnings.
Andy Sullivan: John, it’s Andy again. I’ll take that. So -- and I’ll start where I always start when we talk about this. We’ve demonstrated a strong ability over a couple of decades to grow PGIM organically. So, we -- certainly, as we look at the programmatic M&A, we don’t need it to grow. That being said, we do remain interested in augmenting the organic growth plans with programmatic M&A. If you look at what we’ve done recently, Montana Capital Partners, PGIM Custom Harvest and now Deerpath, those are really good examples of the areas that we said we are going to lean into higher fee, higher growth. As we look forward, we’re going to continue to work to globalize the business and lean into areas like private alternatives and real assets. Clearly, any disruptive environment can lead to opportunities. So, we make sure that we stay in the know and in the flow of what’s going on in the industry. But as always, we will remain very patient and be disciplined in our approach.
Andy Sullivan: So Erik, it’s Andy. I’ll take the question. Let me just start by kind of reminding everyone of the strategy. Our focus on emerging markets is part of shifting our overall business mix to be higher growth. And we’re quite pleased with the performance of our EM portfolio, which is obviously, and as you could see steadily growing and positively contributing to our earnings profile. I would highlight a couple of areas. We’re very pleased with our results in Brazil and quite optimistic about our prospects. Brazil posted strong double-digit year-over-year sales growth with success across basically every channel Life Planner, Third-party and Group, and we had another record quarter. Second, I would highlight our Habitat joint venture has contributed steady growth since the acquisition in 2016. As of the end of the second quarter, total Habitat assets under management is $67 million. That makes us number one in Chile and number two overall in Latin America. Third, we’re continuing to invest in emerging Asia and Africa. And then finally, and Charlie mentioned this sort of at the top of the call was this really exciting partnership we have with Mercado Pago, which is for financial subsidiary of Mercado Libre. Mercado Libre is the largest e-commerce system in Latin America and has given us access to the mass market in Latin America, and we’re seeing really nice growth there. So, we don’t necessarily break out the specific growth rates, but this is a portfolio that’s becoming quite meaningful, with our particular emphasis being on how Brazil and Latin America are growing. And as we look forward, we really do believe we’re in the right spot at the right time, and that growth will continue.
Andy Sullivan: So thanks, Erik, it’s Andy again. I will talk about the quarter, and then I’ll talk about the outlook. In the second quarter, ORR came in at $31 million, which was about $20 million below our average expectation. The bottom line there is the slowdown in the real estate market is playing through as we predicted, and we’ve seen lower agency earnings, lower real estate transactions fees and lower incentive fees. As far as looking forward, we would expect near term to see pressure remain on the ORR line really until the market experiences a rebound in the real estate transaction volumes.
Rob Falzon: Hey Jimmy, it’s Rob. So, a couple of thoughts as you’re referring to the eventual adoption of ESR First point ESR is still a work in process and is not scheduled for adoption until like 2025. And so, we continue to work with the JFSA and with the industry to fine-tune the ESR regime, which is, to date, largely mirrored the regime that’s been established on the international side. As currently constructed, it would cause us to look creatively at how we manage our book of business and our sales. So, I don’t think it would necessarily change our distribution and our sales, but where we hold the assets against those sales could be in Japan or it could be reinsured to other jurisdictions in order to be able to make sure that we’re matching the economics of the products that we’re selling into the economics of the statutory regimes in which they reside. So, we’re comfortable that either through a combination of efficacy and getting sort of the right economic outcomes and/or the other levers that we have available to us that we’ll be able to sort of continue the balance of sales that we have and sort of manage the way in which we capitalize and reserve those sales.
Rob Falzon: Hey John, it’s Rob. Maybe just a little further elaboration. In the reinsurance of the PDI transaction, recall that those are individual sort of client separate accounts. And so those -- the separate account business there is something that PGIM will continue to manage. With regard to the GUL business, the agreement that we have there is actually a 7-year initial IMA. And obviously, with good performance, we would expect to continue to be able to manage that even over a longer period of time.
Rob Falzon: Ryan, it’s Rob. I’ll take that. As we’ve talked about in the past, we see really interesting opportunities that exist in the intersection of asset management and insurance you see evolving in the industry. And we’re quite excited about what that implies for our ability to create avenues of growth, both in our insurance and our asset management businesses. So, we’re being thoughtful about how we execute against that opportunity. And that includes organizing ourselves in a way so as to institutionalize our ongoing balance sheet optimization capability. So, think about that on the liability side as we’re looking at reinsurance solutions to balance the use of captives, affiliates and third-party reinsurance, to continue to actively evaluate additional blocks, existing blocks of business for reinsurance and then also looking at flow or new sales solutions. On the asset side, it’s about expanding our lens on the available assets or investments that can generate greater outlook for us. We’re also expanding our capabilities to source those investments either directly or in partnership with others, including things like acquiring capabilities as we did with Deerpath. This is an important component of our broader strategy, which is around enhancing valuation by becoming higher growth, less market-sensitive and more nimble.
Rob Falzon: I think we’re looking at the full range of opportunities that would exist there. And so going from captive to third party and hybrid solutions that would exist in between that.
Caroline Feeney: Yes. Hi Wes. It’s Caroline, and I’ll take your question. So first of all, I’d say, overall, we’re very pleased with the strong results we saw across our entire Retirement Strategies business, with just over $7.5 billion in total sales and record institutional account values of $259 billion. This included $5.7 billion in our Institutional Retirement Strategies business, highlighted by a strong quarter in international reinsurance transactions. In terms of the pipeline overall, Wes, we continue to see strong opportunity in both the U.S. and global risk transfer markets with strong funding positions, both above 100%, and also high intent to transact. And I would be remiss not to mention what was just announced yesterday that we were selected to secure the pension benefits for about 2,000 of PSV and Gs retirees and their beneficiaries. And so far, we’ve seen a record first half of the year in PRT. And while we expect to see a strong second half, we don’t expect to surpass last year’s record pipeline. We also see an extremely strong pipeline in the UK with funded positions that were 110%. And Wes, finally, I’d say that given our expertise and our ability to manage large complex transactions along with our financial strength, we are well positioned to remain a leader in both markets.
Caroline Feeney: Yes. Sure, Charlie. I’d be happy to talk about how we’re growing both these businesses. So first of all, in the Life business, as you said, we have a $12 trillion insurance gap. So we have a strong growth path forward, particularly when you think about the 50 million Americans who are currently underinsured. And as you mentioned, Charlie, we’ve been very successful in pivoting our businesses to products that have a more favorable risk profile. Our new solutions have less embedded guarantees, they’re less capital intensive, and we’re writing new business at attractive returns. And as part of that, we saw strong sales in the quarter, up more than 25% over the prior year. And then on the individual retirement strategy side, we also continue to deliver strong sales and earnings. And in fact, we had our strongest sales quarter since the fourth quarter of 2020 and roughly a 20% increase over the prior year, and that’s anchored by our FlexGuard suite of index variable annuities where we now have over $15 billion in cumulative sales, reinforcing our leadership position as a top 5 player and we also saw strong growth in our fixed annuity solutions, which were roughly one-third of our sales in the quarter and a significant increase over the prior year. So, I’d say that our de-risking transactions along with our product pivots, have put us in a position to be more nimble with less market sensitivity and we see a meaningful opportunity for strong growth in both businesses going forward.
Caroline Feeney: Yes. So Mike, it’s Caroline, and I’ll take your question. So certainly, I’ll start by saying it was indeed a great quarter for Group Insurance. And as Charlie mentioned upfront, we saw record earnings and an overall benefit ratio of 81%. That reflects the execution of our strategy of product and segment diversification and our continued focus on profitability. Total disability new business premiums grew 24% year-to-date compared to the same period last year and our supplemental health business, a core component of our product diversification strategy also saw a strong double-digit growth. And our segment diversification strategy is focused on growing in the under 5,000 lives market. We’ve got great momentum with that segment now comprising about a quarter of our block. We’re also pleased to be achieving that diversification and growth without sacrificing profitability and pricing discipline. The current quarter also reflects favorable mortality experience in the working age population, driven primarily from lower incidents and the impact from positive rate actions on renewals. And also disability continued to see strong results as well. That was driven by lower incidents, strong employment numbers and our continued focus on effective claim management. The disability benefits ratio we saw was our second best reported ever trailing only last quarter. So, moving forward, Mike, we are confident in our Group business. We believe we’re in a great position to continue executing on our strategy while continuing to grow in a disciplined and profitable manner. Because of this, you’ll note that we’ve already increased our expectations for core earnings going forward.
Charlie Lowrey: Hi. Mike, this is Charlie. I think it’s really the former. In other words, if you think about what we’re trying to do, if we take a step back and think about strategy of becoming a higher growth, less market-sensitive and more nimble company, this clearly falls as Caroline and I talked about in the first and second bucket. So we are de-risking and have de-risked and would consider further de-risking transactions if they made sense to stakeholders, but at the same time, using that as a way to pivot to becoming a higher-growth company.
Charlie Lowrey: Hey Mike, one other thing. It’s Charlie. We talk a lot about the investments we’re making in technology, processes, infrastructure and other things. And this is -- what’s pleasing about this is, this is a tangible -- you can see a tangible outcome of some of the investments we’re making, specifically in Group this time, but there are tangible outcomes we’re beginning to see.
Charlie Lowrey: All right. Thank you again for joining us today. We are making progress, transforming Prudential to deliver sustainable long-term growth and to meet the evolving needs of our customers. We are confident that our strategy and mutually reinforcing business mix will enable Prudential to become a leader in expanding access to investing, insurance and retirement security. Thank you again, and have a great day.
