Bernard Winograd: This is Bernard Winograd. Let me try to be clear about this. When we think about the pricing and given the pricing flexibility that our model gives us because of our relative lack of risk and compared to the competitors, we are trying to balance our objectives for return on equity with the market environment. And at each time that we restrike the mix here, we are aiming for a return that is in the high-teens. We have in this business market cycles that are reasonably short but nevertheless typically six months between price adjustments. And sometimes the markets in the interim, in the initial period, move in ways that were not contemplated by our initial pricing. But we're taking a long-term view of this while we're simultaneously trying not to ignore that. So when we adjusted from HD 6 to HDI, what we tried to do was to relook at what it would take at the environment as it had evolved over the following six months since our last price adjustment in order to get back to, in today's market, an expected return over a long-time horizon that's in the high-teens and that's what we did.
Bernard Winograd: Well, it's too early to tell is the answer to that question. Based upon the market environment it encountered, it obviously earned below that market return for the first six months of its existence, but it's well short of the period of time in which we can really know what the ultimate result will be.
Bernard Winograd: Well, it's Bernard. I would say that the right way to think about our Asset Management earnings is to focus on the breakdown that you have in mind, which is the PICAM component to the revenue and then there is the Asset Management fee component to the revenue. I think if you focus on the Asset Management fees and apply reasonable industry standards to the margins that should be expected on that kind of revenue and then you can get to a pretty good understanding of what's going on. And the noise in the fourth quarter, which is just basically the true-up of bonuses at the end of the year, is just that, it's noise. So I think that if you're trying to do annual analysis of what's going on in the business, I think what you've seen since 2007 is a dramatic shift in the mix, where the Asset Management fees are growing quite strongly along with all the net inflows from clients, compounding the effect of improving markets. That's the most reliable annuity like part of a revenue stream that's reasonably easy to model what the earnings impact of that growth are. And then you can just, as you now know, if PICAM is a much shrunken share of the business and it therefore makes it, I think, much easier than it used to be when it was a larger share to estimate the earnings from an annual or even a quarterly basis.
Bernard Winograd: Yes. Inevitably, if you get to the end of the year and you have a strong surge in the business as we did, in the end of the year, particularly in the items where that drives some of the bonus pools, we'll have some catch-up in the fourth quarter. It won't happen every year. But every year that ends strongly, that can happen in the fourth quarter.
Bernard Winograd: I think that the lumpiness in the fourth quarter is just that. But I would also say that in general, what's going on in that business that's relevant to the top line is we are seeing improvements in consumer or, if you will, beneficiary behavior, people saving more again. And we are beginning to see a meaningful trend towards increased company matches, the end of the suspensions of company matches and things of that kind. The pipeline is still quite thin. I don't think that the competitive environment against others is really driving what's going on there.
Bernard Winograd: Andrew, it's Bernard Winograd. Let me try to shed some light on that. I think that we have, as I think you know, a portfolio not in the general account, but on the balance sheet of Mortgage business that was originally supposed to be in support of the now discontinued conduit business. And that portfolio has been one where we've had reserves, added reserves throughout much of 2009. The overall trend is very much down there from $240 million in 2009 to $50 million in 2010. But we do still have periodically an individual loan or in this case it was a portfolio of loans that get to the moment of realization and you find that there's a discrepancy between what you expected and what you actually recovered. So I think what you got here, and we've had some -- I should say, we've had some discrepancies in the other way, too, where on final liquidation we've had a little bit of gains in this line. So I think what you got here is just sort of the statistical noise of the individual loans working their way through. Overall, as I've said before, we feel like we've got this portfolio well reserved for at this point.
Bernard Winograd: Jimmy, it's Bernard Winograd. I think you know that applications for the old product has to be in our hands by the end of January to be honored. So we will have some of this, but not a lot of it. And we don't really know with precision what percentage of our fourth quarter sales were driven by this. But we did make efforts to make the filing with the specifics of the changes in the projects as latest as possible in the quarter didn't actually happen until December 6. And we estimate, best guess, it's probably no more than $200 million or $300 million of the sales experienced in the fourth quarter.
Mark Grier: Suneet, it's Mark. Thanks for that question. That's a very good and interesting question in this environment. Our sense, as we contemplated dividend actions last year, was that there had been a shift in the market in favor of dividends. And I don't want to talk about what we may do going forward beyond telling you that we'll continue to evaluate what we believe is the market sentiment and the market view and the market sensitivity to the mix between dividends and share repurchases, in addition, obviously, in the context of our own capital position and capital redeployment thoughts. So that's kind of a long way of saying it's an open issue about which we continue to be very thoughtful.
Mark Grier: Nigel, it's Mark. I appreciate your sensitivity early in the question to our reluctance to update guidance based on the policy that we've established. And that applies to also talking about some of the very complex and non-linear kind of sensitivities that you asked about. So we will not be addressing those kinds of line item sensitivities. And I'll ask Bernard to comment on the Retirement business.
Mark Grier: Andrew, I get to respond to your question as I think was the case last quarter, you're on your own. We're not going to update you on realized gain on the Star/Edison portfolio.
Mark Grier: When we say we're not going to update guidance, that means we're not going to update guidance, Andrew. I'm sorry.
Mark Grier: This is Mark. Let me just stick in one point which is, there are a lot of moving parts in this. There's the portfolio, there's VOBA, there are reserves, so just be careful about oversimplifying based on what you see in specific asset markets.
Mark Grier: Well, John, this is Mark, and thanks for that question. One thing that we've emphasized in the past is that non-linear nature of the impact of markets on us and that continues to be true for a variety of reasons related to the nature of the calculation of DAC, for example, and unlockings and some of the other aspects, particularly of the insurance products. But the other thing is that we're focused on the holistic outcome and don't want to get particularly tangled up in a line item influence when there are many other things going on to produce the financial results that we report and talk about.
Mark Grier: Yes, again, I appreciate that view, and our sensitivity to this relates to both the narrower issue around non-linear moves and getting it right and, secondly, the broader context.
Edward Baird: Yes. Andrew, this is Ed Baird. The bottom line answer is, yes, I think it's sustainable. Let me give you a few observations and facts to support that point of view. First, as you know, we're still relatively new to the Bank Channel business compared to a number of our competitors. So at this stage, we're still only selling through about 30 banks. That number will increase substantially quite soon as a result of the Star and Edison acquisitions. Both of those companies have been in the business of bank distribution quite a bit longer, and they have more than twice as many 70-plus relationships with banks. So I think from a point of distribution perspective, there's a lot more that we can gain. Secondly, even within the 30 or so that we currently have, we're not even actively selling in all of them yet. So there's still, I think, upside growth opportunity as a result of deeper penetration into those organizations. The additional factor that, I think, will be into this is that the most productive relationships we have continues to be our original one with the Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi. At one point, that constituted virtually all of the bank sales. It's now down into the low- to mid-70%. And the reason it's been so successful because it's growing in absolute terms, it's just that the percentage is not as concentrated as with these other banks. But the reason it's been so productive is because, as you know, from earlier discussions, we were able to use a different business model than the typical insurance company. We send not just a product, but we send a product along with the Life Planner, which makes this model, I think, virtually unique. The success of that particular approach with BTMU has been noticed by other banks, and we're now starting to get inquiries to whether we could expand that model with them as well. The reason I cite that is that that particular model produces an unusually high average premium. So for example, even our highest producing Life Planner model of POJ sells about $3,000 per policy, through the BTMU, that average premium is $10,000. So to the extent that we're able to get this compounding growth through expanded points of distribution, deeper penetration, that can be further supplemented by the utilization of Life Planners and other bank relationships, which to date again is extremely limited. If you put that whole package of factoids together, I think it's fair to say that we think we can continue what is already eight consecutive quarters of steady growth.
Edward Baird: Sure. But first, just to remind you, the valuation, the model that we use for the pricing did not focus or weigh to any measurable degree, revenue growth. I just want to contextualize that issue, nonetheless, as based entirely off of the value at the in-force book and expense synergies that will come from the scale effect that's intrinsic to this Life Insurance business. Nonetheless, in support of the point that John made, which I think is a trigger of your question, we think there is indeed revenue expansion opportunity here. Let me give you a couple of examples. Unlike Key Language was a bankrupt company, these two are not bankrupt, so they don't suffer to a comparable degree. On the other hand, they have undergone severe market stress in the last two years as a result of the overhang of the AIG reputational issues. That's especially true in the arena of third-party distribution, which in those companies is more significant than it has been inside of our Gibraltar organization. So we believe and have some degree of confidence that with the reputation enhancement that will come about through the restabilizing of these companies now that they're closed, we can get considerable improvement. So for example, whereas in our independent agency system, which was pointed out earlier, started at zero at the beginning of the quarter and produced a little over $20 million in the fourth quarter, we do that with just a couple of hundred independent agents. They have well over 4,000 independent agents. That channel in particularly in the last two years had substantial drop-off in productivity. So there's an area where we think we can, even if we just get it back to the productivity levels they were at precrisis, offers considerable opportunities. The other is, as you know, when you're managing a proprietary distribution system, you always have this balance between scale and productivity. And that's why you see quarter-to-quarter the size of our sales force will fluctuate. Now that we will be growing the size of more than doubling the size of the distribution force in Gibraltar, which is a little over 6,000, we'll be adding over 7,000, it gives us a rich set of opportunities to decide how we want to calibrate between expanding the reach geographically around the country or tightening up through standards to a higher level of quality and productivity. So that doesn't lend itself to a precise number, it just shows it gives us an array of options that I think is quite promising.
Edward Baird: Yes, it's a little bit of both. It's more of the number of banks at this point. We've sent well over 300 in total. Currently, there are about 170 that are active inside the system. Now because they go for a period of time, one, two years and then they rotate back and either become Life Advisors or serve somewhere else within the organization, they serve multiple roles, I should point out. Some of them act as trainers. Some of them act as active player coaches, whereby they not only train, but they actively sell. And so we give set of options to the bank as to what role they would like our re-distributed Life Planners to play. And again at the moment, that's primarily within the BTMU relationship, that these other banks are now in active discussion with us as to how they can utilize them either as wholesalers, trainers or as active personal distributors. So I think an opportunity there, as you say, is we have within the Life Planner model, a steady source from which we can pull to feed into the bank system.
Jamminder Bhullar: Yes, because the corporate bond yields are actually lower in some cases, even though government bond yields are higher. So that's the reason I was asking.
Jamminder Bhullar: No, that's true. And the reason I was asking is because in Richard's comments, I think, he mentioned a couple of positives, which is Japanese government bond yields rising and the U.S. government bond yields rising. But he didn't mention any offset and the 35% of the portfolio is actually corporate or non-Japanese government corporate, which some of them are U.S. corporate. U.S. corporate bond yields are actually lower now or lower at the beginning of February than they were at the end of June. So that would actually be an offset. So that's the reason I was asking.
Jamminder Bhullar: But anyway, a couple of questions I had. The first one was on POJ Life Planner growth. It's been slower recently than it's historically been, even adjusted for the transfers to Gibraltar. So just wondering what your long-term expectation or aspiration is for growth in the POJ Life Planners? Obviously the base is a lot larger than it used to be, but what's your growth and growth expectation and then I have another one.
John Nadel: John, I guess, I was hoping you could give us an update on the overall M&A environment and your appetite for additional deals, especially just in light of the fact that obviously your international team is busy and you've got some transition going on in the leadership with the U.S. businesses. So I was wondering if you could give us an update.
John Nadel: And then just finally, if I could just go back to Nigel's question around EPS sensitivity, and Eric please, don't cut me off immediately. I guess I'm wondering what makes your businesses so difficult to quantify that sensitivity to macro-factors when so many of your peers are able or at least willing to try to do so for us. I mean, during the crisis, you guys were able to give the sensitivities despite the non-linear issues on your risk-based capital ratios at lower SMP levels. And I guess I'm not sure how this would be so different from that exercise.
John Nadel: Yes, if I can interject, I'm thinking about it holistically, too. I'm thinking about it from the perspective of not necessarily can I get my first quarter 2011 earnings estimate right on target. I'm trying to figure your company is worth more when market conditions are better, and I'm trying to figure out how much more your company is worth.
