Ken Tanji: Yes. Hey, this is Ken, I’ll take that. First, our variable annuity business continues to be very profitable and that’s, although, it’s a bit lower, it’s still has a high ROA and a strong ROE. We’ve mentioned in the past that we’d expect the ROA to trend over, over time as policies both move into lower fee tiers and as we continue to diversify our product mix to solutions with less equity market sensitivity. So that continues to play out. And while the ROA is a general – generally a good benchmark for profitability, it will adjust when markets move significantly. And interest rates have declined pretty significantly in 2019 down by about – over 100 basis points year-to-date. So while the decline in rates increases the account value, it affects earnings by the combination of higher benefit ratios and higher DAC amortization. So despite the decline in rates, again, the business continues to be very profitable and generating quarterly cash flow, we still like the profitability albeit at a lower ROA.
Ken Tanji: And then the other area for the quarter was International, where we did see a shift of some expenses and a higher level of expenses in the quarter.
Ken Tanji: And I’ll just add for the quarter, keep in mind, corporate was lower and there was sort of a couple of pieces there. We had lower long-term compensation expense related to the change in our share price. That as we mentioned will no longer occur going forward as we’ve modified our long-term compensation program to no longer need to have that stock price flowing through our expense. And then corporate expenses were also a little bit lower. So if you look at corporate and international, they were somewhat offsetting.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Hi, Erik, it’s Ken. There’s actually a number of ways that you can think about this and look at this. So I’ll first – I’ll start with the baseline that we gave at the end of the second quarter going into third quarter, which was about $3. So that was sort of where we thought in the middle of the year our earnings power was. The third quarter results came in at $3.22 and that was a little bit above that because we had favorable variable investment income and a favorable underwriting expense across our businesses. And as I mentioned in our last comments, the expense is kind of offset between corporate and other international. So if you adjusted that, you’ve got to a number that was a little better than $3. Now, in the fourth quarter baseline, you do have a number of items, like I said in my opening remarks that make it a little bit below our typical earnings level. The first is our seasonal expenses that nothing unique going on this year, typical to what we see in the fourth quarter. We have the Financial Wellness implementation costs, again, very consistent with what we articulated at Investor Day. And then third, we have an expectation of little higher expenses in our international businesses. If you put those items altogether and you adjusted for that, you’d be back at earnings level a little bit over $3. So I think that’s the way we’re thinking about our earnings power over those timeframes.
Ken Tanji: Yes, sure. I’ll cover that. Again, a year ago when we issued guidance, interest rates were in a different zone and our guidance a year ago assumed 2019 would have interest rates above 3% if you use the 10-year U.S. treasury as a benchmark. We were at rate levels that are now over 100 basis points below that. And when we gave that guidance last year, we mentioned that our sensitivity to 100 basis point decline would be $0.30 per share. And that’s kind of what we’ve experienced as we’ve gone through the year and that’s what we’ve experienced in our financial results as well. So the impact that we’ve experienced in 2019 is very consistent with what we provided as sensitivities again a year ago. But for me, here, the rates are at a lower start point and we also have more U.S. dollar business in Japan. We have more business that’s crediting rate minimums. So there is, and it’s not linear as well, and we do have a greater impact. And you also have to consider there’s an impact on the present value of claims at a lower discount rate. So those are the reasons that we have more interest rate sensitivity now, and it all has to do with the lower rate environment.
Ken Tanji: The interest rate impact, again, assuming rates don’t change, does build over time, eventually it does dissipate as the portfolio more fully turns over. And this is exactly the experience that we had. If you go back a number of years as we shifted from the then rate environment to what was the more recent rate environment, now we’re going through that again. So that phenomenon is not new. It’s how it plays out. And so I think it will work its way through in multiples waves as you go out, but again, dissipates eventually over time as the portfolio turns over.
Ken Tanji: Yes. So first, I’ll start with ATT, given lower rates, we would have a rise in asset adequacy testing reserves. But we do have derivative, interest rate derivative hedges that would have gains as well to offset that. So we still feel very good about the RBC level of our – of Prudential Insurance Company of America. In terms of our capital returns, that’s a decision that the Board will make in December. And we’ll get that information out once the Board makes that decision and does its authorization. Our free cash flow profile has been very consistent and our capital management approach has also been very consistent. So for now you can factor that into your thinking.
Ken Tanji: Tom, the one thing I think, that I think you have a little bit off there is the $150 million of seasonal doesn’t all occur in corporate and other, only about half of it does. So I think if you make that consideration you’re more in line with where our corporate and other run rate has been.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Tom, our cash flow engines are still very much intact. So, first for the businesses that have been providing quarterly dividends, PGIM and our annuities business, as you can see those have been very consistent and regular and paid quarterly. And Japan paid a dividend this quarter and the third quarter as well. And we’ll be filing for a dividend from PICA in the fourth quarter. So, yes, rates will decrease net investment income and have some modest impact as we talked about with our sensitivities. But in general, our cash flow picture is quite strong and quite consistent.
Ken Tanji: Yes, sure. No, that wasn’t a onetime adjustment. So that adjustment occurs to update our discount rates related to our best estimates of insurance liabilities and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. And it didn’t lead to a charge for the quarter. Having said that, we had other gains as well. And if you looked at a GAAP net income, it was actually above operating income. So overall, our GAAP profile was pretty in line with our operating profile.
Ken Tanji: Yes, I think you should think of it as for – we said $0.30 for five quarters, call it $0.28 for four. And that’s sort of the annual drag.
Ken Tanji: And also don’t forget, we have the – we have the lowest fees and some of the best investment performance in the business and therefore within the pension sector, we’re very well positioned as well.
Charlie Lowrey: Let me just – this is Charlie. Let me start in and then others can join in. So we said with Assurance that there would be a certain amount of expense synergies. I think we said $25 million to $50 million next year and then additional after that. So you can expect those to come in over time. Those are separate and distinct from some of the other expenditures that we’re making or some of the other savings we’re seeing in the margin improvements.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. John, this is Charlie. Let me start and then some others will jump into it. Let me just start philosophically about sales. So the answer is as interest rates decrease, absolutely, sales will – may well decrease as we change pricing, and as certain products become much less profitable for us and we’ve always talked about a sustained level of profitability over time. And so what we have to calibrate between is making sure that our products meet our hurdle rates on the one hand, and two, sustaining distribution on the other hand. And we’re always calibrating between that, but we will – we have already and will continue to raise pricing, lower crediting rates to do whatever it takes in order to maintain a level of profitability that makes sense for the company and shareholders. And at the same time, look at what a minimum level of sales would be in order to maintain, what is a world-class distribution system as we go forward. That’s what we’re toggling, and that’s why we’re toggling on those two issues. And you will see that as we go through. But we have already raised pricing and taken multiple pricing actions both domestically and internationally.
Charlie Lowrey: Well, that’s – John, I can cover that real quickly. When sales come down, yes, naturally, you would expect that cash flow would improve because we’re not – we don’t need to hold capital associated with new business. So that the direction is, is as you described.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes, sure. I’ll just sort of echo some of the things that Rob mentioned earlier. And I sort of described how you can think about whether the baseline that we described coming out of the second quarter or our results for the third quarter adjusted for the things that were a bit favorable or the fourth quarter baseline we provided adjusted for the elevated level of expenses. All kind of gets you to an EPS number that’s a little bit better than $3. And then, our businesses are growing. We articulated some of our growth thoughts at Investor Day. And now we do have a lower interest rate environment so that eats into that a little bit as we described and given sensitivities to. But then on top of that, we have the margin improvement that we have underway, which again, we’ve articulated and given measures for as well as the impact of Assurance IQ acquisition, which we expect to be accretive in 2020. So I think those are all the components that we think about as we look to 2020 and would encourage you to think about for yourself.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. But keep in mind, again, this is a young company and a growing company and we didn’t expect it to be material to the fourth quarter. But we feel good about the progress we’re making and the outlook for 2020 and 2021.
Charlie Lowrey: Thank you. So as you heard, we’re committed to delivering on our purpose of providing financial opportunity to more people and we look forward to keeping you updated on our progress in the months ahead. But before wrapping up, I’d like to take a moment to recognize Steve Pelletier, who is retiring next month following an extraordinary 27-year career at the company. Thank you, Steve, for your many contributions to Prudential throughout your career. And for those of you who are not in the room here, but on the telephone, I wish you could see his grin, which is from ear to ear, as he participates in his last earnings call. And with that, I’d like to thank you again for joining us today and we look forward to more conversations in the future. Thank you.
Scott Sleyster: Hi, Alex. This is Scott. I think, Darin, gave some guidance on what will be recurring and non-recurring, but there’s a couple of big things going on. First of all to the specific quarters, as I mentioned before, we see evolving regulatory oversight and we’re trying to put the infrastructure in place to continue to be at industry best practices. And some of that’s rolling out actually not just in Japan, but around the world. As I mentioned at Investor Day, we also have been following some of the technology upgrades and the digital upgrades that occurred in the U.S. We kind of follow what worked well and we’re rolling some of those out across the Board. And then this quarter, we actually had some additional litigation and other reserves. And finally, some things we’re doing on process improvement and automation. So, I would say it really falls into those two big buckets. We were playing a bit of catch-up on the – improving regulatory best practices. And then we had some significant initiative rollouts that we were doing in International, that I would say lag the U.S. by about a year. We’re most of the way through that. And so I think if you look at the adjustments, we have, call it, $55 million in accelerated additional spending in the fourth quarter that will disappear as we hit our run rate going into 2020. I think we would say that’s largely our new baseline.
Scott Sleyster: Hi, Humphrey, this is Scott. I’ll take that. The $55 million really related to the Life Planner business, as you pointed out, we had a – we actually had a kind of overshot on what we thought our expenses might be in Gibraltar this quarter. We do still expect in Gibraltar a modest level of elevated expenses. I think where we guided you last quarter that would continue to about mid year. The really sizable amounts of that were picked up in 2019. So I’d say those are relatively de minimis, and I think in the guidance on expenses that were given on the overnight we’ve captured that bleed in. And I would say it’s not really very significant in Gibraltar.
Scott Sleyster: Hi, Jimmy. This is Scott. Let me take that a couple of ways. One, the corporate tax law change did in fact impact everybody in the industry, but it touched us in both POJ and in the Life Planner business. So there was the national tax authority was reviewing the rules and there was a four or five month period where you didn’t know what they were going to look like and then an implementation period after that. In the case of case of POJ, I would say the effect was more modest because of the clientele being business owners and high net worth and some of the products that are coming back. There we’ll continue to sell some of the new corporate products. But more importantly, the Life Planner growth across our channel has been strong really across the board, so that that’s favorable. I would say in the case of – in Gibraltar it’s really a more significant challenge. We’ve been seeing more competitive. We had the corporate product. We’ve also continued to see pretty intense competition in the bank channel market. And we’ve also imposed some pricing discipline where we’ve favored kind of recurring premium, mortality-based products versus some of the more income oriented products as rates came down. So when you combine those three effects, I would say, in the case of Gibraltar, the issues are more challenging. In the case of POJ and Life Planner generally, they’re more transitory in nature.
Scott Sleyster: Yes. A couple of comments. Our business there with Habitat actually has performed very, very well year-to-date and we actually had very, very favorable and [indiscernible] performance based on the underlying markets this quarter. That being said, I would say we’ve been in touch fairly frequently with what’s going on there, and I wouldn’t really downplay what’s going on there, it’s, you know, it’s relatively serious. I think the people there are concerned about the unrest. That being said, one of the – one of the responses and one of the request if you will, the demands that are out there and the factors impacting insecurity relates to people being nervous about old age retirement and so there is actually proposals to materially increase the deposits and then call it the generosity of some of the systems, we may or may not benefit that much from that because sometimes when they increase the deposits, they don’t allow fees on them and what have you. But in general, I would say, I think it’s a serious situation down there. That being said, we’re actually quite well positioned and we’re in a space in the market, where the demands of those that are feeling disadvantaged are looking for government actions that would be supportive of our sector.
Rob Falzon: Erik, it’s Rob. Let me just sort of pick up on that, sort of looking ahead off that baseline. Ken mentioned in his commentary that we do have interest rate sensitivity going forward and we’ve given some guidance on that. So that’s sort of updated and will be a headwind as contrary to what would otherwise have underlying business growth. And then obviously, the very significant increase we have in growth is a result of capital deployment from shares. The other piece to think about with interest rates is that we’ll have lower sales that come out of that in a lower interest rate environment as well, or at least that’s what we’re anticipating. Recognizing all that, we are being very proactive. We’re managing sales through product pricing, design and mix. We’re managing costs. So that includes implementing the previously announced financial wellness initiatives that that Ken covered as well. And we’ve been actively deploying capital for growth. That was evidenced very clearly in the Assurance IQ acquisition, which is not sensitive to rates or equity markets. But also the things that we’ve done in PGIM and its investment capabilities and its distribution capabilities and the other global technology and distribution initiatives that we have, all of which we think will contribute to fundamental growth, and then obviously, as I mentioned, the share repurchases. So deploying capital for growth, all of that we believe gives us the ability in combination with what’s happening on international in terms of our continued ability to grow the inforce that gives us confidence that we can continue to show a differentiated level or we can show going forward a differentiated level of growth and ROE vis-à-vis industry in light of the sort of the macro headwinds that we outlined.
Rob Falzon: So they just call out in the deck – it’s Rob, in the deck that we provided, we gave you the sort of a sensitivity of rates based on the delta between our third quarter new money rates and the yield on the portfolio that’d be turning over on a go forward basis. That’s about 65 basis points. So vis-à-vis where we are today, if rates modestly rise to something that’s sort of in the mid-2s, not very different from where we were just a little while ago, this phenomena begins to wear off.
Rob Falzon: John, it’s Rob. In our – if you look at our alternatives portfolio, a couple of things to note, one is it’s extraordinarily well diversified. There in excess of 2000 underlying companies invested through somewhere around 300 funds in that portfolio. So we do not have any particular concentration. To the extent that we have direct investments in companies in that portfolio, which come about as they do in these kinds of strategies by co-investment rights. They are primarily, if not exclusively in private equity, not in venture capital, and therefore tend to have significantly less volatility. And any of those underlying investments are relatively small. So, we obviously in the context of our alternatives portfolio, we have out in underperformance that’s a reflection of markets and overall segment performance. We tend to have a little less of the idiosyncratic performance as a result of single investments. We’re not entirely immune from it, but nothing to particularly call out there, well-diversified and relatively conservatively positioned.
Rob Falzon: Elyse, it’s Rob. Let me just sort of jump in on the ROE portion of your question. First, I’d note that in the third quarter we had an ROE of – in excess of 13%. So, while we had headwinds associated with equity markets, we did have positive impacts – headwinds associated with interest rates. We had positive impacts with the movement in equity markets. And if you think about the little better than $3 quarterly baseline number that Ken triangulated around, that would still represent an ROE that would be about 13%. And so, when we provided our outlook of 12% to 14% ROE, it was obviously in an environment where interest rates were much higher. But the expectation was that absent those interest rates, we would be in the midpoint of that, 13% is the midpoint between 12% and 14% was more sort of a baseline expectation as opposed to the high-end of our range. With the headwind in interest rates, it could put a little bit of pressure on that, but I think that the statements we made with regard to that range of 12% to 14% have not changed materially by virtue of anything that’s occurred since the point in time where we’ve gave out that guidance, absent the recalibration for interest rates.
Steve Pelletier: John, its Steve. Maybe I’ll amplify Charlie’s comments and get a little bit more specific on what I think is a primary example of it, which is in the annuities business. Recently with the decline in interest rates, we have been active in making product changes that reduce the level of product benefits and effectively increased pricing. But that relates to over the past couple of months reducing payout rates by 40 points to 45 points in some of – in our products by reducing a roll-up rate on HDI by 50 basis points. This is something that we do as Charlie’s mentioned in the normal course of business, in order to manage the business for sustainable, profitable growth. Well, certainly looking to maintain relevance with distribution partners and a competitive value proposition for customers. We’ve seen some competitors take some actions, but frankly, we’ve made more changes than most. And as a result it’s possible that we could see our sales trajectory decline in the near term and we simply see that as an outcome of how we manage the business. And I would mention, as how we’ve managed that business for an extended period of time. If you look over a multiyear period in the annuities business, we’ve certainly been active in the marketplace throughout, but we’ve been significantly more active during periods where capital market conditions were more supportive of product features and at issue returns. And we’d been relatively less active in periods where capital market conditions were not so supportive, if that over an extended period of time that is built the in-force block in that business that has the characteristics, pardon me, Ken mentioned earlier of strong profitability, robust returns and solid cash flow.
Steve Pelletier: Humphrey, it’s Steve, I’ll take your question. While Rob called out a specific fixed income institutional outflow this quarter, the general story throughout 2019 has been a pretty strong inflows into fixed income and some other asset classes, and a pressure on equity flows, so negative flows in the equity space. Really experienced across the industry as I would say, the active to passive headwinds picked up again this year. Given the relative fee rates across asset classes that migration of assets from asset mix from equities to fixed income has that impact that you noted on our average fee levels. Now I should emphasize we’ve been able to significantly mitigate that by drawing a lot of our flows and including our fixed income flows into specific strategy – strategies that have a solid fee levels. But nonetheless, the cumulative impact is, as you as you pointed out. I would say though that this gradual migration of assets from equity to fixed income of asset mix from equity to fixed income, especially fueled by fixed income appreciation in recent quarters due to the declining interest rate environment. While that might be a source of pressure on fees, it’s also highly supportive of margin in the business. Fixed – and we have scale economies throughout our asset management complex. But the fixed income businesses where those scale economies are most attractive and flows – increasing contribution of fixed income to our asset mix will be supportive of margin expansion in the business.
Steve Pelletier: John, this is Steve. I’ll answer your question. I think I don’t know about the immediately present the state of the flu season, but I think that we did see in this quarter our life mortality in the individual life business have some experience that was a counter to what we normally see as the seasonal trends. Normally, the third quarter is a – tends to be a positive experience in life mortality. It didn’t play out that way this quarter. We saw the unfavorable experience in this quarter in blocks that have really generally trended quite favorably over time. And as a result, we believe that this quarter’s result is more of a random fluctuation rather than indicative of any underlying issues or trends. I would say also in relation to the third quarter mortality experience being different from normal seasonal patterns in life, we saw exact the similar phenomenon play out in the retirement business. A business that normally has in the third quarter less favorable reserve experience and in this quarter because of a similar mortality trends the business was able to realize outsized reserve gains, again, kind of pushing away from the normal seasonal patterns. And I think this speaks to our complimentary business mix working out as we’ve intended to and as we’ve designed it to.
