Robert M. Falzon: Thank you, Mark. I'm going to give an update on key balance sheet items, financial measures and other related areas of interest starting on slide 19. As of year-end, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 484%, with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $15 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio as of the end of the first quarter is well above our 400% target. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 877% and 929%, respectively, as of their most recent reporting date, December 31, 2015. We expect these ratios to be above our targets as of their fiscal year end on March 31. Looking at liquidity, leverage, and capital deployment highlights on slide 20. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $4.1 billion at the end of the quarter. The decline of about $1 billion from year end was driven primarily by our shareholder distributions, debt reduction and acquisition funding. The excess over our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to deploy over time for strategic and capital management purposes. Our financial leverage and total leverage ratios as of March 31 remained within our targets. During the first quarter, we returned roughly $700 million to shareholders, including $375 million of share repurchases under the $1.5 billion authorization for the year. And in March, we funded the purchase of our stake in AFP Habitat in Chile, with a purchase price of about $530 million. As John noted, we maintained our capital capacity at a level not meaningfully different than what we reported at year-end. Let me provide an update on a few other noteworthy items. The fair value of our yen equity hedge was about $760 million at the end of the quarter, compared to $1.7 billion at year-end. The decline in fair value is, as expected, in response to the 7% strengthening of the yen in relation to the U.S. dollar during the quarter and corresponds to an increase in the U.S. dollar equivalent of yen earnings in Japan over time. Expected cash flows from the yen hedge in 2016 reflect scheduled settlements that are essentially unaffected by the change in fair value. While the fair value of our equity hedge declined sequentially, it continued to operate as designed to protect the value of our businesses and the overall return profile against currency moves in our largest overseas operation. On our energy holdings, our net unrealized loss on the energy sector fixed maturities, excluding the closed block, at the end of the quarter, was about $200 million, essentially unchanged from year-end. 83% of fixed maturities were investment grade. To update you on the variable annuity recapture, on April 1, we recaptured the living benefit risks from our captive reinsurer, moving the rider risks into our statutory insurance companies to be managed together with the base contracts. This marks a major milestone in our initiative, which is on track for completion over the course of the year. Now, I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert M. Falzon: Jimmy, we expect to be able to cover it more holistically in our second quarter call. I can offer some comments on where we are.
Robert M. Falzon: We remain on schedule to recapture VA captive, as I mentioned in my introductory remarks. We're doing that in phases – the entire project – through 2016. Recall that the first step of that was actually accomplished last quarter when we got the regulatory approval for our statutory framework. And then the second step is what we've mentioned, which is as of April 1, we've done the actual recapture of the Living Benefit rider from the captive back into the ceding companies. We have some remaining steps in front of us. They're around ALM strategy, around some of our hedging strategies, implementation of those, and then operationalizing and reporting around those as well. I think the important takeaways are that one, we're – this is part of a broader strategy we have around a priority of reducing volatility in our reported results – and ensuring that the very strong fundamentals that we have in our businesses are being mapped to and visible in our reported financial results. And I think in the first quarter, you've seen some of the benefits of that in terms of the reduced volatility that we had in our capital numbers in the quarter.
Robert M. Falzon: Well, again, Jimmy, it's a multiphase. And so, simply upon recapture doesn't mean that there's instantaneously the pro forma effect of what we ultimately hope to accomplish with regard to the recapture initiative as opposed to the physical recapture itself. And I think what we've said is, we can accomplish all of this and we're confident in doing so, that there will be no adverse impact to our overall financial resources; and in fact, we expect increased financial flexibility as a result of the completion of the initiative.
Robert M. Falzon: Sure, Suneet. So, as we've mentioned in the past, our businesses generate a significant amount of capital and there was no change from that in the first quarter. I think we provided sort of rules of thumb that are helpful around that. And that's the fact that about 60% of our operating earnings translated to free cash flow. So, you can think about that. While it varies in any given quarter, you can think about that as being a capital generating capacity in the form of free cash flow. And as I said, that's sort of representative of what we would see over a longer term, but also in the first quarter. There were significant capital deployment actions during the course of the quarter. So, as I mentioned in my introductory remarks, we had about $0.7 billion of shareholder distributions. That was in the form of both share repurchases – and that's an elevated level. Recall that we increased our buyback program by about $0.5 billion at the end of last year for this year. We increased it from a $1 billion to $1.5 billion. And it was also in dividends. And recall, that we also increased that dividend rate by in excess of 20% last year. So, those were the distributions. We funded about $0.5 billion from our Chilean acquisition. Now, that we had already earmarked from our capital capacity that we articulated at the end of the year, because it was an imminent transaction. So when you think about apples to apples, the Chilean acquisition was already taken out of the capacity number. And so, the remaining variable was the fact that we reduced our debt by about $0.25 billion. It was maturing and we paid that off. So, thinking about sort of going from year-end to the end of this quarter, that you generated internal capital capacity that was sufficient to fund our shareholder distributions. The M&A activity and strategic investments were taken care of in our prior allocation of capital. And you have left the debt reduction, which would be sort of maybe a placeholder for the order of magnitude of change in our total capital capacity from year-end to where we are now.
Robert M. Falzon: Good question. So let me bring that up a level and, if I can, respond to that more holistically. So, first, the hedge is doing exactly what it was designed to do. As and if the yen has depreciated, that has yielded proceeds to us. We've been able to take those proceeds and redeploy them, either in the form of share repurchases or in the form of investments in order to restore the ROE that otherwise would have been lost by virtue of the depreciation in the yen. To your point, as the yen appreciates, you get things that could go the other direction. So, hedge settlements would go instead of from the Japanese companies to the holding company, they would go the other way. However, the point is that ROE is protected in either direction. And we've actually experienced this in the past. The higher yen earnings contribute to sustaining our targeted enterprise ROE because what happens is, over time, our yen earnings are higher. It creates greater dividend capacity, and that translates ultimately into greater U.S. dollar dividends coming back to us. So, when we actually think about that yen hedge, it creates capital capacity when there's a depreciating yen. When there's an appreciating yen, what happens is we have something that I would consider to be more of a liquidity issue. Which is we temporarily have to fund the mark on those going down to the Japanese companies, but that ultimately works its way back to us in the form of higher earnings and greater dividends coming back to the holding company.
Robert M. Falzon: That would be correct. So, two thoughts on that. First, with regard to this year particularly, as I alluded to in my introductory remarks, we actually have locked in our settlements for this year. So, we have about $0.5 billion for the entire year of pre-tax gains that are locked in for the year and in fact will be coming our way, regardless of what happens to the yen rate during the course of this year. That's one. Two, the settlements beyond this year are actually staged out over long periods of times. And that is – and actually with the intent of trying to match up dividend paying capacity against settlements that we might otherwise have against those hedges. So, we're actually very conscious of that and ensuring that it doesn't create a short-term liquidity dislocation.
Robert M. Falzon: And this is Rob. The only thing I'd add to Charlie's comments is that, I think, as we've communicated, when we made this investment, this investment was accretive to what we viewed to be our hurdle rate ROE. So, when you sort of think about the returns that we expect to get on this, you can look at what we've paid for it, think about the ROEs that we expect to generate; that would give you an indication of what would be a sustainable level of ongoing earnings coming out of that investment.
Robert M. Falzon: So Sean, of our $8.8 billion alternatives portfolio, hedge funds are a little over $1 billion of that, so about $1.1 billion. So, a little bit more than 10% of the portfolio in hedge funds, so not an overweight allocation to that. Within that portfolio, we've got some 40 different funds. They're diversified by strategy, by asset class, geography, their sources of the alpha that they generate and the level of hedging that they undertake to do. We're actually quite pleased with the portfolio. We would look at the first quarter results as being something that would be kind of an outside of a couple standard deviations of expectation, that normally within a body of distribution around what would be volatility in the market, we would actually expect our hedge funds to mute volatility as contrasted to what you saw across the entire industry, including in our portfolio in the first quarter. So, we think we have a very carefully designed portfolio that we're actually quite pleased with, and we remain committed to retaining that as a portion of our alternatives portfolio.
Robert M. Falzon: So, Steven, it's Rob. I'd say a couple things in response to that. One is, those are our actuarial expected returns as opposed to what our portfolio managers would expect. I would think our portfolio managers would concur with you. They're expectation is actually to produce a higher return, but when we build in our returns for budgeting and forecasting purposes and for purposes of communicating to you, we think about a level of conservatism in that. And those are the numbers that we express. That would be one. Two, yes, if you look at the overall composition of our portfolio, you would say that it's got a conservative tilt to it. As I mentioned before, with respect to the hedge funds, our expectation with the hedge funds is to mute volatility as opposed to produce outsized returns. And then, similarly with respect to what we've got in our private equity allocation, which is about a quarter of the total alternatives budget, we look at that as – we don't take what you would consider to be sort of venture capital risk in our private equity – but rather more traditional private equity which would be further in in the risk spectrum.
Robert M. Falzon: They're the signatory to the BIC, but as I say, manufacturers will be expected to do certain things and provide types of information to support the distributor in fulfilling those obligations.
Charles F. Lowrey: Sure. So In terms of sales, on the Life Planner side, and then if you want, I can do Gibraltar, but sales were up about 15%. And that's half, as indicated before, due to the Life Planner growth of about 6% and then some due to the productivity. But the Life Planner growth has really come from the sales manager growth, which is really up 7%. And we talked about that for about the past year, where we've increased the number of sales managers. And that has a lag effect but then goes to the increase in Life Planners. So, the real answer is it really is the – both the productivity and the number of Life Planners that has led to the growth. And there's a little increase in premium, but not really that much. It's mainly the Life Planner growth and the solid growth there.
Charles F. Lowrey: We're seeing some increase in competition, but we have such a range of non-yen products – and it's retirement income, it's whole life, it's fixed annuities – that we enjoyed a great deal of increase in the sales of the past quarter were in non-yen products. So, there may be more competition, but we're still seeing significant growth in that area.
Charles F. Lowrey: Well, I think it is affected us obviously over time. We've been dealing with low rates for a long period of time. They're obviously lower now than they were before. But we have, I think, proactively either eliminated products or lowered crediting rates or commissions, and we've been doing that for some period of time. In the last earnings call, I think I articulated that we stopped selling any single premium life or retirement products in the third party channels. And we've reduced crediting rates in some of the – in our other captive channels. So, we will continue to monitor this very closely. The other way it has affected us, I think, is that we have sold more U.S. dollar products, and we've done that for a couple of reasons. One, as you said, rates are much lower in Japan, so on a relative basis, they're better in the U.S. But also, the appreciation of the yen has led people to think, gosh, with yen I can buy more dollars and therefore U.S. dollar products are more attractive. And with a wide range of suites – the suite of a wide range of products that we have in the U.S. – I think our product offering is quite attractive. So we have, if you will, taken advantage of the lower rates by virtue of the products that we offer, and we'll continue to very proactively manage our product mix in order to protect margin.
Charles F. Lowrey: Well, I think the amount we have on our books is returning what we want. The – obviously, we're not immune to negative interest rates, and there's some impact on our margins on the new products we sell. But again, we're looking at those products and we're lowering crediting rates and commissions and, in fact, eliminating some products that don't meet our hurdle rates.
Charles F. Lowrey: Um, I think what we have said is that the – we closed on March 1 and that the – we're very pleased with what we have so far in terms of earnings. Now, one month does not an acquisition make. And those earnings are in part coming from the stable cash flow and the dividends that come up. And part of it is from the encaje. And obviously, with the encaje having invested March 1, that was a good time to invest, given the quarter. So, we're pleased with the first quarter. It meets our original assumptions and return expectations and we'll see how it goes from here.
Charles F. Lowrey: Well, I think the last comment you made is absolutely correct. I think the issue with Japanese consumers is one of having lived with a low interest rate environment for a long, long period of time and looking at the interest rate differential with the U.S. And yes, you are right. They do take the FX risks. But over time, what they believe and what their experience frankly has been, is that the FX risk is not as great as the interest rate differential and therefore they're willing to do that. You've seen it with the U.S. dollar product and you've seen it with the Aussie dollar product. And they're very savvy, because they'll go back and forth from time to time. Now, most of the product we sell, as Mark suggested, is life insurance based, it's protection based. So they buy it for different reasons. It's not savings products, per se. But they do look at the interest rate differential and then make decisions accordingly, and they have for a long period of time because they've been living in an environment where those differentials in interest rates between Japan and then the U.S. and Australia have been there for a long period of time.
Mark B. Grier: Yeah. First, with respect to the notion of an off ramp, that's a pretty vague concept that hasn't really been operationalized yet. So I wouldn't be thinking in terms of the options that we might have to reconfigure the company in a way at this point that would make an off ramp a clear option. The reference is primarily to the ongoing designation process, which does involve an annual redesignation, and in the context of the way the annual redesignation works, we retain the ability or the option if we choose to, following a redesignation decision to contest that decision and to contest that decision in court. So, the principal option that's referenced there is the process that we go through every year in redesignation and the fact that options remain open to us as we're redesignated.
Mark B. Grier: Well, and this is Mark. Just remember how much of the profitability in Japan is driven by mortality margins and expense margins, not investment returns.
Mark B. Grier: Eric, also keep in mind that retail investors in Japan don't take a lot of other risks. They're very conservative in saving in the mattress as opposed to buying stocks for example. So this is one place where they just may choose to take risk instead of other places.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Sean, this is Steve. I'll address your question and thanks for it. We don't see any fundamental changes in PRT market dynamics. We think that the propensity to transact is still very strong. When it comes to interest rates, a big impact on propensity to transact is not just what rates are today, but what is a plan sponsor's expectations about rates in the future. And we see increasingly, a reduced expectation that rising rates will address the liability. So, we still see healthy propensity to transact. Obviously, market conditions have, in some cases, impacted funding levels, but we've also seen, especially in the large case market that we specialize in, we've seen plan sponsors undertake steps to protect those funding levels through various types of hedging instruments. Not with us, but in their investment activities. So, like I say, we still see healthy pipeline. I will mention that since the close of the quarter, we have announced a longevity deal in the UK with Legal & General of less than $500 million. So as I said, we still see healthy pipeline. And when you consider the increasing awareness of the longevity risk, when you consider the rising PBGC premiums, we still see lots of inclination for plan sponsors to pursue this solution.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Steven, this is Steve Pelletier. I'll address your question. I would say that if you look at our equity business overall, it is a business of active management. I would characterize it in two buckets. First, is our quantitative management. That's an area that we've been building out significantly over the past several years and we look to continue to do so. The other bucket is our fundamental equity management business, in particular, U.S. large cap growth. But increasingly, over the past couple of years we've been seeking to diversify that fundamental equity management business, also including areas such as International and global. So, we don't look to intend to get straight into the passive space. We think that's a space very well spoken for. But...
Stephen P. Pelletier: Well, we have seen the pressure, especially on actively managed equities. And like I say, we don't intend to address that challenge by going head-on into pure passive products, but we look to diversify our active management capabilities, both on the quantitative side and on the fundamental side.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Randy, it's Steve again. I'll address your question. I'm not going to get into an apportionment of legal liability. I'm sure you understand that. But I would say that – I would point out that manufacturers will have a responsibility to perform certain processes and provide certain information to distributors so that they can fulfill their obligations under the contract. And we are making the necessary preparations to do exactly that. I think if I could, just to address some other questions that I know have come up on other calls regarding the DoL, just to make some broader comments. The final rule does contain some meaningful improvements. We still think it creates significant challenges and changes in the industry as a whole. It can increase compliance costs, although I would say that that's not an overly consequential matter for a company of our size. And it can also contain, as you were pointing out, increased exposure to legal claims. As such, we think it's more important than ever to really avoid those unintended consequences that we spoke about last summer on Investor Day, and insure continued access to education, advice, and product solutions. That's the position we've taken consistently and we'll continue to do so. If you look at our three businesses most impacted on Prudential Advisors – and here I'm more talking about the differences between the original regulation and the final one – if you look at Prudential Advisors, the final rule did make the process for obtaining the required contract under the BIC exemption less onerous than it originally was. And it also permits us to deal on a negative consent basis with clients who had accounts established prior to the beginning of 2018. So that's helpful. Final rule, also clarified how proprietary products can be sold to IRA owners, providing we address some significant new requirements. Again, that's useful. So, for Prudential Advisors, compliance and business processes will change, and we'll be ready for those changes. And we fully expect that unit to continue to play an important role in our distribution strategy. For annuities, and you touched upon this in your question, Randy, the DoL did attempt to clarify the circumstances under which higher compensation for the sale of more complex products requiring more upfront time by the advisor is permissible, so long as that compensation is reasonable. And what that means will play out over time. The final rule did not include an exemption that would have favored lower cost products, such as index funds over higher cost, higher value products. And so, while these changes could help mitigate adverse impact on the VA sales, we do want to emphasize, we think it's really still premature to offer any predictions as to what that impact will be. That's going to play out over multiple years through the lens of advisor behavior and firm behavior. So we'll see what that proves out to be. For Prudential Retirement, the third business I'd mention, the final regulation does contain meaningfully clearer delineation between investment advice and investment education, and we think that delineation will allow us to continue to offer our asset allocation services to DC plans. It's come up on other calls about the sales exception for plans with 100 and more participants. In the original rule that was changed to a $50 million or above in assets exemption or threshold. The bulk of our business focuses in the larger case market and we expect the vast preponderance of our business to continue to qualify for either exemption threshold.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, this is Steve again. That really wasn't a factor in our ORR results, our other related revenue results. The year-on-year decline that Mark cited in his review was really driven by performance and incentive fees, which were impacted by market turbulence and by strategic investing, which was also impacted by market turbulence.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, I would just describe the recent trend and the recent quarterly trend in this category has been about $30 million.
