Kenneth Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 relative to our third quarter results. As noted, pretax adjusted operating income in the third quarter was $1.6 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $3.44 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense of how our fourth quarter results might develop we suggest adjustments for the following items: First, variable investment income was below expectations in the third quarter by $25 million. Second, we adjust underwriting experience by $10 million to normalize for third quarter experience. . And last, we include an adjustment of $350 million for expenses and other items. This includes elevated seasonal expenses and lower international earnings due to timing of seasonal premiums in the fourth quarter. In addition, as Charlie mentioned, we are implementing changes to our organizational structure as part of our continuous improvement process, and we have included an estimated restructuring charge of approximately $200 million that will be incurred in the fourth quarter.  We expect these actions will create operating efficiencies and provide reinvestment capacity to build capabilities. This will allow us to realize additional efficiencies, strengthen our competitiveness and fuel future growth. These adjustments combined get us to a baseline of $2.75 per share for the fourth quarter.  I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the fourth quarter, earnings per share would be $3.48. The key takeaway is that our underlying earnings power continued to improve due to business growth, including the benefit of higher interest rates. While we have provided these items to consider, please note that there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the fourth quarter.  Turning to Slide 11. Our capital position continues to support our AA financial strength rating. Our cash and liquid assets were $4.3 billion within our liquidity target range of $3 billion to $5 billion. Regulatory capital ratios are above our targets, and we have substantial off-balance sheet resources, including approximately $9 billion of contingent capital and liquidity facilities. We remain thoughtful in our capital deployment, balancing the preservation of financial strength and flexibility, investment in our businesses for long-term growth and shareholder distributions.  Turning to Slide 12 and in summary. We are transforming our business for sustainable growth. We continue to navigate the current macro environment with the financial strength of our rock solid balance sheet, and we are maintaining a balanced and disciplined approach to capital deployment. Now I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Kenneth Tanji: Tom, it's Ken. Our GAAP results included the mark-to-market on interest rate hedges and a portion of that increased our negative IMR balance for stat. But our RBC ratios remain above our target and didn't require a capital contribution.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. Sure. First, let me start with our Japan businesses financial profile, which the businesses are high quality profitable, financially strong, generating earnings, strong earnings and have good solvency margin ratios under the current regime. The FSA is taking steps to implement new capital standards and that's underway with adoption still now a couple of years away.  But generally, we still believe our businesses are well capitalized, financially strong, and that would be evident under any reasonable capital standard. We also have ways to manage the outcomes we can reinsure business internally or externally to better match the economics of the business if we need to do that. And so we're -- it's something that we're looking at and working on. We're also advocating for reasonable and responsible standards and we'll have strategies to adapt to the new potential regime.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. So I think, Ryan, we expect, as you just heard from Charlie, a number of benefits in the way we're transforming but also financially, the restructuring will result in annual cost savings that will be greater than the restructuring charge of $200 million. And those savings will provide expense capacity to invest in capabilities and gain further efficiencies sort of, as Charlie described there to help offset inflation and also to grow our businesses. And the way we think when we put that all together is we'll be keeping expenses flat over the near term. . And that's, again, how we think of things holistically, not just the saves but also combined with the investments in growing our businesses while keeping operating expenses flat and improving margins. And that's the continuous improvement mindset that we're striving for.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes, sure. It's Ken. Yes, that -- the benefit of admitting the negative IMR as part of the new standard is -- has been adopted and is in effect for our third quarter results. We were able to admit $1.3 billion, which is at the cap level relative to our surplus, so that is already reflected in there.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes. It's Ken. The deal-related costs for the reinsurance with Summerset Re will be incurred at the time of closing, and those have not been included in the baseline. And I'm sorry. And obviously, I think your second part of the question was the benefits of the restructuring or the benefits of the reinsurance will occur subsequent to close, obviously. .
Kenneth Tanji: Are you say the organizational restructuring, is that what you're referring to or the reinsurer. I'm sorry. We will see benefits in 2020 for pretty soon thereafter, there will be a portion that's highly -- that's effective in the first quarter and then thereafter.
Kenneth Tanji: Sure. The initial impact of the reinsurance of the structured settlement the Prismic was modest, and that was impact -- that was in our RBC ratio for September. And so we had the impact of the initial portion of that. But over time, it will also enable capital benefits as we reallocate the retained investment portfolio. And so it will -- we had some impact immediately, but they also will have continued impact as we reallocate the investment portfolio.
Kenneth Tanji: Yes, it's Ken. So the reinsurance of our variable annuity block closed in April. And so we had the benefit of that effective April 1, and it is one of the considerations we made as we looked at our RBC and our dividend capacity and factored into the dividends that we made in the third quarter, which was $1 billion from PICA.  So we did get the benefit. It's one of the things we thought about when we looked at the overall level of our RBC and then decided to make a dividend to PICA of $1 billion in the third quarter.
Kenneth Tanji: Sure. Yes. The bigger moving pieces, like I just mentioned, was the $1 billion that the holding company received from PICA as a dividend. And then we also made a $200 million investment in Prismic and then the other would be ordinary course, interest expense and shareholder distributions. And those are the main components that led to a very small change in our HLA.
Charles Lowrey: Ryan, it's Charlie. Let me take that at a high level and provide you some context and then turn it over to Ken to specifically answer your question. But in terms of the restructuring program, we made good progress towards becoming a higher growth, less market-sensitive and more nimble company. . And if you think about what we've done, that's including releasing a significant amount of capital through the disposition of market-sensitive and/or low-growth businesses and products executing a series of programmatic acquisitions to expand our investment capabilities and growth potential. Launching Prismic, another arrow in our quiver, if you will, enhancing our mutual reinforcing business system and then exceeding our initial expense goal that we established a number of years ago.  But we've also said that we plan to continuously improve and build upon the progress we've made to further accelerate our vision and our growth objectives. We operate in an increasingly competitive environment. And in order to remain competitive and grow sales and earnings, we will continue to focus on further investing in our businesses and technology, reducing our cost of capital, enhancing the risk-adjusted returns we earn on our products and investments and transforming our operations to produce efficiencies while enhancing both our customer and employee experience.  So we're taking steps to create a leaner, faster and more agile company, including simplifying our management structure by reducing management layers, complexities and costs with the goal of bringing our integrated teams closer to our customers and our clients. We're also empowering our employees with faster decision-making in part through investments in technology and data platforms. And as we make progress in each of these areas, we'll update you as we have in the past. So with that as context, Ken, let me turn it over to you to answer the specific question Ryan had.
Charles Lowrey: Sure. It's Charlie again. As part of the continuous improvement process, we'll be simplifying our operating model and organizational structure, as you said, really streamlining decision-making to create a leaner, faster and more agile company so we can better meet the needs -- better meet the needs of our customers while driving growth and efficiency.  So we are far more focused on optimizing organizational structure through organizational design and investments in technology as opposed to offshoring. That is the predominant direction in which we're going. .
Charles Lowrey: Yes. It's Charlie again. Let me take that. We've done many acquisitions that have significantly grown the company over time. And these acquisitions include companies of various sizes as well as teams of specialists. And programmatic M&A, to your point, will continue to play a role as we think about the development of the -- of what we want to do going forward and a series of well-executed programmatic M&A transactions will become material over time. As a result, we continue to look at a variety of opportunities and different sizes. . But we're continuing to be thoughtful about the deployment of capital, especially in light of the current macroeconomic conditions. And our M&A interest continue to be focused on mature companies that support our strategy of growing PGIM and emerging markets by which we can expand our capabilities or our distribution and continue to increase the scale of our existing businesses. But regardless of size, we're going to be thoughtful about evaluating the strategic and the financial merits of each transaction.
Charles Lowrey: Sure. Let me take a step back and just tell you generally how we're thinking about this. This makes really an example of our open architecture solutions and is a very important additional component of our strategy to become a higher growth, less market-sensitive and more nimble company. We formed Prismic with Warburg Pincus and other global investors because we see significant opportunities that exist at the intersection, as Rob said, of asset management and insurance.  And we're perfectly positioned to take advantage of those opportunities in the business which we have. And we're excited about our ability to leverage third-party capital and reinsurance to drive the incremental growth in our insurance, retirement and asset management businesses. And Prismic, to get, to your point, really reinforces and enhances our mutually reinforcing business system in 3 ways.  First, we can reinsure portions of our in-force business like the structural settlements transaction we just completed and have PGIM continue to manage the majority of assets locking up capital to become less market sensitive. And to your point, we'll look to our retirement and life businesses for those assets.  Secondly, we can write new business that could be reinsured to Prismic, so forward flow. And since Prismic is mainly supported by third-party capital, we can write additional retirement and insurance business to further accelerate our growth and at the same time, increase PGIM's assets under management.  And finally, Prismic can reinsure third-party blocks, which would again increased PGIM's AUM. So there's a lot of potential we see for Prismic, and we're being thoughtful about how we execute against these opportunities and have recently reallocated resources to further optimize and cap our will further optimize our capabilities since Prismic is such an important component of our mutually reinforcing business system. So it's going to be in the life and retirement businesses mainly that we think about reinsuring other blocks, but we could think about others as we go forward.
Charles Lowrey: Okay. Thank you again for joining us today. We're entering into the next chapter of our evolution with a unique business model and growth strategy that positions Prudential to help current and future generation secure financial future. We are confident that our strategy and mutually reimbursing business model will enable Prudential to be a global leader in expanding access to investing insurance and retirement security. Thank you again, and stay well.
Andrew Sullivan: John, it's Andy. Maybe I'll just add in because you asked about PGIM we're going to continue to work to globalize the business. And as we've talked about before, focus on higher growth, higher fee areas. So you should think about private alternatives and real asset capabilities.
Andrew Sullivan: This is Andy. I was just going to add in. We have a lot of ability and flexibility to navigate those changes that are coming at us. We obviously have incredibly strong distribution, both captive and third party. We have a very wide product portfolio from both a yen and U.S. dollar perspective and single premium and recurring premium and we've been very successful at delivering a top-notch, great customer experience that we've been recognized for. So the strength of that business complex will really enable us to navigate the changes that are coming down the road.
Andrew Sullivan: So Jimmy, it's Andy. I'll take your question. So this quarter, we experienced third-party outflows of $5.7 billion. On the retail end, outflows were $1.9 billion. That was predominantly an equity story. We've seen clients rebound for a variety of reasons, including to recognize gains as the funds have performed well.  We have produced strong equity performance with 89% of our equity asset performing benchmark in the last year. On institutional side, outflows were $3.8 billion. Net outflows were primarily fixed income. We are seeing a lower level of gross inflows into this asset class. Investors are hesitant to come back in until it's clear rates have stabilized.  We also saw 1 large low fee rate mandate lapse in institutional. As to your question, industry or specific, these are consistent with the industry. And in particular, the fixed income headwinds are consistent. As far as our outlook looking forward, a stable higher rate environment will be good for our flow. So we know that once rates stabilize, we expect to benefit flow-wise.  Your question around fees, obviously, it depends very much on the mix of assets, but we're being very successful in bringing inflows into higher fee rate strategies, in particular, into the private alts areas of our business.
Andrew Sullivan: Yes, Wes, it's Andy. I'll take your question. So ORR came in at the quarter at $37 million. It was predominantly driven by the real estate space. So this is a pretty consistent story. That's been the last few quarters.  Our agency earning decline from the real estate slowdown, and we saw lower real estate valuations and transactions. As far as the go-forward look, you are correct. We now expect our ORR to average about $40 million per quarter. That lower run rate, again, is flowing directly from the slowdown in the real estate markets. we're expecting to see lower agency earnings as well as lower private incentive fees. And while this will vary quarter-to-quarter as always, we expect the patterns that we've been seeing to be more muted in this environment.
Robert Falzon: It's Wes. Let me take that question. The -- first of all, this is a regulatory framework that's still in development, and I want to emphasize that. It's a regulatory framework that to date has been based on the international, the ICS capital standards that have been developed, and those standards are actually not -- don't necessarily reflect the underlying economics of more iteration product, particularly in the U.S.  So we continue to work on the international front on the ICS, and we continue to work with Japan as well in terms of how that ultimately gets reflected into their regime, whether it's modified at the international level or not. But what we found is one of the coming of the current set of proposals is that they don't quite get the economics right when you get into the -- the types of long duration products that are typically sold in the U.S., both on the life side and on the retirement side.  So that's an area where industry continues to work with the regulators and we're hopeful of making progress there. As Ken mentioned earlier, to the extent that's challenged any way that we do have alternatives that are available to us to think about how we would then manage that product on a go-forward basis.  There's a strong demand for the products in the Japan marketplace. So for Japanese consumers like the U.S. dollar-denominated products. And so the industry will want to continue to sell those products in the marketplace, and we'll come up with solutions for being able to do that and be able to finance that on an economic basis. .
Robert Falzon: Tracy, it's Rob. So we're partnering with a group of very large global institutional investors. Their intent is to operate with scale. And their investment horizon very much aligned with our own is quite long term. Prismic itself has an independent Board of Directors, and that will govern the route toward growth and otherwise. But there are no put or call provisions embedded in the agreement that we've got with Prismic.
Robert Falzon: Suneet, it's Robert. I'd sort of add as sort of a general market observation to Charlie's remarks is that we've seen investors that are behind many of the reinsurance vehicles in partnership and otherwise, having an increasingly higher appetite for a variety of different products. So this started out very much if you look at the early reinsurance transactions in the sort of very vanilla insurance space and in the very vanilla annuity space of fixed annuities.  And over time, what you've seen on our own transactions as well as others is that now is expanded into variable annuities. It's expanded into GUL, and we do see that that's a trend that's likely to continue. There's a robust appetite and that appetite as it gets -- as investors get more comfortable with the dynamics of the insurance marketplace and business model that their appetite will continue to grow. So we see interesting opportunities, both domestically and importantly internationally as well.
Robert Falzon: Mike, it's Rob. So yes, PGIM will have an appetite for doing both flow and balance sheet from Prudential as well as third parties. We will look to put -- and yes, we will get the asset management on those blocks as they're brought into Prismic. So that's part of the arrangement that we have with Prismic. And then separately, we'll make a decision as to how much we invest in Prismic on a go-forward basis. . As of now, our ownership in Prismic is at a 20% level. It's not a contractual application for us to stay at that level. But having said that, we think that the returns that we get for a capital that could be deployed through Prismic when you think about the returns on the underlying blocks enhanced by the fees that we get from from our asset management business could be quite attractive on a risk-reward basis.  And so we would have some appetite for continuing to invest in those sorts of business when they significantly enhance the fee components that we get out of that business, which on an overall basis with a reduced risk profile of the earnings stream on a go forward.
Robert Falzon: No, I would say that -- it's Rob again. Sorry, Mike, that nothing material to update you on from last quarter. We have a very high-quality overall real estate portfolio, including the office components to that or component of that. And we continue to see resiliency within that portfolio, as you would expect, given the experience that we have there, the dedicated team that we have from an underwriting standpoint and the quality of the overall portfolio.  So while on the -- from a valuation standpoint, but updating our valuations and the valuations of the collateral supporting office loans continues to come down, but our LTV still remain quite low on a relative basis, and we feel very comfortable with the overall portfolio exposure there.
Robert Falzon: See, from a VII standpoint, Wes, it's Rob. I think about that as having 2 components to it. One is the returns that we get from our alternatives portfolio and the second being the level of prepayment income that we get from the fixed income portfolio. I think we've guided to the fact that we expect lower levels of prepayment income on a go-forward basis. That was the primary contributor to the below expectations in the current quarter.  So I think you should expect to see that. On a go-forward basis, we generally don't provide an outlook. What I would say is that as even the current quarter, we have a good portfolio that's very well diversified. And so while there are different components of it that performed up and down in the current quarter, we would expect that to continue in future quarters as well. In this particular quarter, real estate performance was off, as you would expect.  But actually, our private equity portfolio performed quite well. And just to be very clear, within our private equity portfolio, we have a very small exposure to sort of the DC area. So it's more core private equity. And even within that, it's a fairly significant component of that that's in high yield and debt strategies. And so that sort of caused some stabilization within that private equity portfolio.  So I think that we will vary as markets do, but we continue to believe that we'll perform on a relevant basis quite well.
Caroline Feeney: Yes. So Jimmy, it's Caroline, and I'll take your question. So as you mentioned, this quarter, Individual Life did see favorable expense experience and that includes a number of onetime items, but it also, as you mentioned, does include the release of a legal reserve.  So Jimmy, it's our practice to regularly review our legal reserves and then make appropriate adjustments reflecting activity within the quarter. And the release this quarter reflects the results of that review. In terms of the outlook for life overall, I would say, in addition to what you saw in favorable expenses on the life side, we also saw strong investment results and also underwriting results that were largely aligned to our expectations and overall fundamentals of the business continue to remain very solid, and we're very optimistic about the growth there.
Caroline Feeney: Jimmy, I would not comment on the specific size of a particular legal reserve, as I said. We saw favorable expenses overall and part of that was the release of a league overserved, but we do not comment on the specific size of a case.
Caroline Feeney: Sure, Tracy, it's Caroline, and I'll take your question. So I'll first start off by saying, Tracy, we've been a long-time support of regulations that provide consumer protections while ensuring that all Americans continue to have access to quality advice and the solutions they need for a secure retirement.  So the proposal was just released 2 days ago, and so we're very much still in the midst of thoroughly reviewing and analyzing it so we can assess any potential impact on our customers and specifically their ability to access critical retirement products.  And you specifically strike you about. So we do realize that in the proposal, there appears to be a focus on fixed indexed annuities, which today, for us, accounts for less than 20% of our total annuity sales, but are also part of a well diversified suite of annuity solutions as we continue to focus on delivering valuable solutions to help our customers meet their retirement savings needs -- that being said, I will just reiterate that we're still in the process of reviewing the proposed rule. And finally, I'll just add that under the last proposed rule change, we implemented policies and procedures to comply with the final prohibited transaction exemption in a timely fashion, and we'd expect to do the same here.
Caroline Feeney: So what I could improve on Yes. So Tracy, what I couldn't comment on is others in terms of their IMO channels and whether they'd be prepared or not. What I will say, particularly, and I'll just reiterate with the last DOL-proposed rule, we were very much ready as an entire enterprise across all of the various businesses where there was any impact, and we are ready to comply with the rule. And as I mentioned, we would expect to do the same here. That would include all of the distribution channels that would, in any way, be impacted by the new proposed rule.
