Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'd like to give you an update on some key items under the heading of financial strength and flexibility, and then address guidance for 2014. Starting on Slide 25. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels consistent with what we believe are AA standards. For Prudential Insurance, we manage to a 400% RBC ratio, which we believe gives us some cushion against our AA objective. We began the year with an RBC ratio above 450%. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio continues to be above 450% at Prudential Insurance after giving effects to The Hartford transaction and other activities in the first 9 months of the year. Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 728% and 899%, respectively, as of June 30. These are comfortably above our 600% to 700% targets. Looking at the overall capital position for the Financial Services businesses on Slide 26, we calculate our on balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target, and then add capital capacity held at the parent company and other subsidiaries. At the end of last year, prior to funding the Hartford Life acquisition, our on balance sheet capital capacity was roughly $3 billion, of which $1.5 billion to $2 billion was readily deployable. Through the first 9 months of this year, we funded The Hartford acquisition, declared 3 quarterly common stock dividends of $0.40 each, for a total of about $560 million, and repurchased $500 million of our common stock, totaling roughly $1.8 billion of capital deployment and returns of capital. These capital uses were more than offset by excess capital generated within our businesses, resulting in available on balance sheet capital capacity of about $3.5 billion at September 30, including about $1.5 billion that we consider readily deployable. As you know, we announced a new $1 billion repurchase authorization in June, which extends through June 30 of next year. We executed $250 million of share repurchases during the third quarter under this authorization. Turning to the cash position of the parent company. Cash and short-term investments, net of outstanding commercial paper, amounted to about $4.5 billion at the end of the third quarter. This reflects senior debt issuance of $1 billion, as well as $500 million of senior debt that matured during the quarter. Our recent issuance prefunded $350 million of debt that will mature in 2014. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing debt, fund operating needs or redeploy over time. Now I'd like to talk about our earnings guidance for 2014. Let's start by reviewing the key assumptions and considerations that underpin our guidance as summarized on Slide 27. First, to level set. Through the first 9 months of 2013, our earnings per share, excluding items we identified as market-driven and discrete, was $6.76. Recall that throughout the year, as we discussed our results, we called out additional items that tend to fluctuate and were, in the aggregate, tailwinds to results including excess returns on our non-coupon investments and favorable mortality in relation to average expectations. Adjusting for these items, as if they were roughly in line with midpoint expectations or historical averages, provides a run rate of approximately $6.50 per share for the first 9 months or about $8.65 per share on an annualized basis. We believe this provides an appropriate starting point for our 2014 guidance. Our guidance assumes a 2013 ending S&P 500 level of 1,760, which is near to today's S&P, and then 6% growth for 2014. Our international insurance business nondollar earnings are hedged and therefore, locked in at JPY 82, and KRW 1,150 to the U.S. dollar. Interest rates were assumed to follow a yield curve based on current rates. Lastly, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 28%. Pulling all of this together, our 2014 earnings guidance range for our Financial Services businesses on an adjusted operating income basis is $8.75 to $9.25 per share. Now I'll turn it back to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Chris, it's Rob Falzon. No, that's on point. What we did is we further updated that base lapse assumption. We brought it down from -- brought it from 9% down to 7%. We also tinkered with the dynamic lapse assumption and the sensitivity of customer behavior to the in-the-money-ness of their policy, and the combination of those 2 are the primary drivers to the $1.7 billion that you're looking at.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, that's a very difficult thing to calibrate because it's a slope, so it sort of depends on where on the curve you are. But the order of magnitude of change would be sort of in the same range as what you're looking at on the base lapse assumption.
Robert Michael Falzon: Steven, it's Rob Falzon. No, on the -- our -- unless we're talking about the GMWB, to be clear. Our GMWB falls under FAS 157/133. Under that accounting, we use risk neutral accounting for it, so it's not stochastic modeling. It's actually a market-neutral view of that liability that uses market rates for returns as opposed to best estimates for return. So by way of example, Mark highlighted them in his talking points upfront, that's the calculation that has equities earning 75 basis points, fixed income earning 2.25 over the life for a blended return on the account values of 1.5%. So it's not a stochastic modeling of expected account values but rather the risk-neutral view of that.
Robert Michael Falzon: We don't provide guidance on share repurchases specifically, Steven. I think, as you know, our board authorized $1 billion of stock buybacks in June of this year. That extends from June of next year and out of that $1 billion, we implemented $0.25 billion in the third quarter.
Robert Michael Falzon: Nigel, it's Rob. It's a good question. There is a statutory impact as a result of the charge that we took. However, that impact is entirely offset within our PrucoRe entity where these writers reside by the gains that we have from the macro interest rate hedge we have within that entity. So as a result of that, there will be no capital capacity impact as a result of this assumption update.
Robert Michael Falzon: So Jimmy, it's Rob. I'll answer the first question and turn it over to Charlie. In terms of our view of assumption updates, there's an accounting outcome and that's programmatic, and I think we've described for you how that math is done and you could place your own judgments as to how conservative that is. We gave you the reinvestment rates. They result in particularly large claims, way out in the future when the account values grow at those very modest levels. And then those claims are discounted back at a LIBOR curve or the swap curve at a very low rate, which reflects today's rates. When we look at our own expected case modeling for purposes of our anticipated cash flows, as a result of the assumption update, we believe there's been a significant increase in the present value of our cash flows associated with this book of business. And so that's kind of our economic lens on that. In terms of the second part of your question, which is the reversion, yes, to the extent that through the 1 33, it's going to always be marked at market through the swap curve; to the extent that we actually realize better returns than are forecasted, will result in reversions going toward us at points in the future.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, Mark, let me try to answer your question without giving an outlook on '14, and tell you how I sort of think about the framework for capital capacity and capital generation. Start with the net income of the business. So if you look through -- and adjust that for the noneconomic things. So we always start with our capacity that we had at the end of last year, that was around $3 billion. We had net income, before FX remeasurement and NPR, of about $2.2 billion, if you did that calculation. And then deduct from that the capital deployment things that I called out to you, which was the combination of dividends, the stock repurchases and The Hartford acquisition. As a result of that, you had the difference between those 2 is about $0.5 billion worth of positive capital net generation. There are a number of other things that run through for the first 9 months of the year. However, all those other things wash each other out. And so when you look at where we were at the end of last year and where we are as of September, it's about that $0.5 billion difference between what we generate in earnings and what we redeployed in the 3 ways that I described. There are times when we have other things moving through capital capacity but that's not creating a lot of noise in this particular year.
Robert Michael Falzon: Well, in our guidance, we're not providing anything specific at a business level, Mark, so I actually can't respond to your question directly. Just to be clear, the starting number that I gave you, we did eliminate the excess non-coupon and the excess mortality. And so that's out of the numbers on an enterprise level basis. But the guidance we're providing is at an enterprise level without bringing it down any further.
Robert Michael Falzon: So if you look at the -- recall that our account -- statutory accounting for this particular product follows what we call a modified GAAP, so it's not traditional stat. And so if you look at the change in the hedge target, that would have been about $1.4 billion.
Robert Michael Falzon: That's the reserve charge. When you look at the capital implications of that, you have to tax effect it. And then we have to add to that some additional risk capital that we had to put in. So the net capital number, absent that reserve charge, that's what ran through the P&L in the statutory books, would have been about roughly $1 billion. And yes, it was $1.1 billion and it was entirely offset by the gains that we had on the macro hedge.
Robert Michael Falzon: It's a cumulative gain on the macro hedge, not just a quarter's gain. So it was the gain that we had in there that we never count as part of our capital capacity. And generally, you have -- it's a protection against rising interest rates, so it gains as rates rise.
Robert Michael Falzon: Ryan, it's Rob. I'm not going to speculate on what interest rates will do in the future. What I will tell you is that when you look at the -- I think, I can give you the rates that we set our AAT at last year, and then you can make your own forecast as to what that may do in the future. You've just got to give me 1 second to run that down. I would say, the rates on -- that we set at the time that we set up the reserve for long-term care were significantly below today's rates. I'll have to -- rather than scamp around now and try to find it, I can follow-up with you and give you that number.
Robert Michael Falzon: Actually, let me just follow-up, Ryan, when we set the rates -- as of September, where we set the rates a year ago versus today, we're about 56 basis points higher than when the LRR was established last year. Specific answer to your question.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure. Chris, this as Charlie. We think that those kind of transactions are all about diversifying risk. And we review our risk management strategies for our living benefit guarantees on an ongoing basis. And while we've looked at reinsurance and we'll continue to look at Prudential reinsurance transactions up until this point, they haven't been as compelling to us. So we approach the issues in a slightly different way. First, we lowered sales to an appropriate level relative to our overall business mix, so we're down about 60% from year-over-year. Second, we lowered the risk profile of our existing VA product, as Mark described. And third, we've diversified and are continuing to diversify our product range into other products with different or complementary risk profiles. So for an example, we launched our PDI product earlier this year, which has no equity risk because it's based on fixed income. So we'll continue to look for ways to add products to diversify risk further, as well as continue to look at reinsurance where it might make sense both to our existing book and on a prospective basis.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Okay. Well, let me answer Jimmy's second question, which has to do with disability and the benefit ratios. So the disability ratio this quarter was -- on a normalized basis, was 96% versus the year-ago of 96.5%. So we've come down slightly. It is worse than it was last quarter, which was 93.2%. Now we said the process wasn't going to be linear and that we're going to kind of grind the ratio back down, is the words we've been using, and that's exactly what we're doing. But if you look at incidents, severity and termination for a moment, third quarter to third quarter where we did see improvement, incidents decreased, severity was slightly higher but terminations increased. And I'll come back to termination in a second because that's an important part of the equation. Third quarter and second quarter, we have both incidents and severity both increase somewhat, severity more than incidents, which more than offset the increase in terminations. So you did have a little bit of a backstep there. But I think the issue and the important issues, we've been working really hard on claims management. And the terminations in both cases have gone up. So we're dealing with the problem. We're about 1/3 of the way through it at this point. We're repricing certain cases. We're letting others lapse and we're working on the terminations themselves, which are showing material improvement. So we'll get there but it isn't going to be linear. But if you look on a sort of 4-quarter rolling average, I think you'll see improvement as we go forward.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: I think so. Because if you -- this is Charlie, by the way. If you look at the drivers of that, it was really an increased margin from increasing fees and less increasing expenses. And so that drove the ROA, along with a lower take [ph] factor. So the combination of that and if you extrapolate out our assumption, should be that, that's a sustainable margin going forward.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: I think what we'd say there is that we're comfortable with the level of sales we have today and sort of leave it at that, right? We wanted to reduce the level of sales, and we did because we think about a number of different aspects when we think about level of sales. One is the product and making sure it's profitable and we've taken steps in that direction. Second is to ensure that it still fulfills the customer need and it appears to be doing so. And the third is the overall percentage of business mix. And Mark and John talked a lot about business mix overall. And that can be a governing factor. So between those 3 variables, we come up with what we like to think of as a level of sales which we'd be comfortable with, and we think we're comfortable with the level of sales we have now.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Sure. It's Charlie. Clearly, the funding ratios have gotten better. If you look at the latest Mercer study, you see that the average funding ratio is probably around 91% or so, with interest rates and equity markets rising. But I think it's fair to break the market down into 3 different segments. And the first is what we call 0 to $1 billion, maybe 0 to $2 billion. And that's mainly a cash market. And there's always a certain number of these transactions that are done year in and year out. And we have seen a slight uptick in activity here but this is pretty much business as usual. And there are lots of competitors in this space, especially in the 0 to $1 billion range, so I'd say a little bit more here but more or less business as usual. Then you get to $2 billion to $4 billion range, there's definitely more activity in this range. There are more conversations taking place with clients, and there's a lot more consultant activity here as well. And this is either a cash or, at the upper end of the range, kind of an in-kind market so there are less competitors here, but we're definitely having more conversations in this range. And then finally you get to the jumbo range, which is what we characterize as $4 billion and above. And here, what I would say is that we're having the same number of conversations but the intensity of those conversations and specificity of those conversations has increased. Now as we've always said, these will be episodic and they have a very long lead time, so conversations are absolutely happening. And here, there are far few players in the market. So I think you can segment it into 3 different areas but, in general, I think there are more conversations taking place, and at the upper end of the market the intensity has increased.
Charles Frederick Lowrey: Okay. We have not had a change of heart in terms of profitability. I think the conditions have gotten better. I think, your -- and you recall -- your recollection is correct in that 2 or 3 years ago, we expressed some concern over the pricing in the industry and we pulled back and, in fact, had negative lows for a number of quarters, and that, I think, reflects the discipline we showed. But what we're seeing in this market, it's interesting, is more RFP activity in part because we think some of the HR departments are less focused on health care going forward. They've kind of looked at that and now are refocused on their plans. So we see more RFP activity, which is, we think, real. In other words, not as many check bids in the marketplace, and so there's a little more plan turnover. What I'd also say is that we've seen some price stability in the marketplace. Pricing was going down for a period of time, it seems to have stopped as plan sponsors realize they can only squeeze so much out of a rock before they start losing in service. And so we have -- what we've seen is that we are not necessarily the low bid and we are still winning some plans because they've gone back to looking at service and quality. Now you can't be way out of line, but you can -- you don't have to necessarily be the lowest price in order to win the business. Service and quality are absolutely factors that are coming back into play. So we're not going to win every case. We still have our price discipline, but there are cases that we are winning and the pipeline looks pretty good going forward.
Mark B. Grier: Yes. The decision not to pursue this issue in court was a business judgment that was made by management and the board. And we believe it's the best decision for the company. We, by the way, I would say, have a fundamental difference of opinion with respect to the liquidity basis for designation. However, we also believe that, moving on is the right thing for us to do and that we will now continue to play a constructive role in the development of things like capital standards and the supervisory framework, and so we're moving on with it. In terms of where we stand, our supervisory, regulatory and capital regimes are all evolving. We'll be fully cooperative and responsive with respect to the supervision by the Federal Reserve and we'll seek opportunities to provide constructive input on issues that are important, like capital standards.
Mark B. Grier: There are a lot of moving parts in this, but the gist of your point is that the directional impact of higher rates is good. But again, there are a lot of moving parts.
Mark B. Grier: Well, capital planning, broadly, will be part of the supervision process with the Federal Reserve, yes.
Mark B. Grier: I would characterize it more the way I just said it, which is pretty general and that is that capital planning is one of the issues that will be part of our supervisory process. I don't want to be more specific than that.
Mark B. Grier: Well, the short answer to that is no. This is still very much evolving and there's a lot of input flying toward Washington about the consequences of a number of aspects of the Volcker Rule. And we don't have a very good picture at this point of what that might mean for us. However, hedging activities are core to our business. And these are not proprietary trading type activities that would be the target at least of the spirit of the Volcker Rule. We use derivatives to reduce risk, not to increase risk.
Mark B. Grier: Well, certainly, the complexity and lack of transparency, combined with volatility and size of the embedded derivative liability in the Annuity business is important. I would say that we have opportunities to work hard on explaining this and focusing on the economics versus the accounting, and working with the regulators to get pointed in the right direction around a sensible economic solution to thinking about risk and capital.
Edward P. Baird: This is Ed Baird responding. Not by a lot, because the consumption tax is applicable to third party. And third party is a smaller portion of our distribution than it is for some other companies that you may be monitoring on this. So we don't anticipate any material impact next year.
Edward P. Baird: Yes. Let me explain a little bit about what happened in this quarter and then might lay a foundation from which you can drive some of your own extrapolations. So the overall drop was driven, as Mark pointed out, primarily by what happened in the bank. And that was a targeted reduction. The single premium product, which dominated last year much of the bank distribution of the roughly $1.4 billion last year, about $900 million of it was single premium. That product can work pretty well in a flat or rising interest rate environment, but in a dropping interest rate environment, it's not a product we want to be in. And that's why, as you'll recall, over the earlier course of the year, we put in a series of constraints, which culminated in ultimately our shutting the product down. So that's a big number that has dropped out of the overall production. If you then switch over to the -- and I think, by the way, within bank channel, you will see growth over time, but it will take time for that recurring premium growth to make up for the loss in the single premium. So that drop was precipitous and intended, whereas the growth equally intended would be more gradual. If you look over on the Life Consultant side, the flat sales is actually extremely good news for the reason that Mark pointed out. We were able to achieve essentially the same sales in this quarter as we did this time last year through Life Consultant, but with 2,400 fewer salespeople, which allows us to reduce agencies, real estate, et cetera. So that's about a 20% reduction in the headcount, which was fully made up for about equally between productivity measured in number of sales and the average premium. Those 2 are very healthy signs for this business going forward. I anticipate that the headcount, the reduction, our rate will slow down, gradually stabilize. And as a result, we'll follow precisely the pattern we followed a decade ago when we took Kyoei, now Gibraltar, to the same pattern. And if you look at the Life Planner, that was down a little bit, but I'm not so much concerned about that because of where the drop came from. As you well know, 3 factors drive sales. The headcount, which in the case here, continues to be pretty healthy at around 4%. That's probably as good as we can continue that in light of the emphasis on quality. The productivity actually rose slightly. So the only place where there was a drop, which produced the overall drop in Life Planner sales, was in the average premium. And that dropped relatively substantially by about 8%. I'm not too concerned about that. I view that as episodic, not in any way indicative. And the reason I say that is if you look back over the last 4 or 5 years, a lot of our sales growth was driven by, on average, about a 4% to 5% increase year-by-year in the average premium. So typically, what we have had and what I anticipate recurring again in the future is you get about a 4% growth in headcount, you get maybe a 4% or 5% growth in the average premium, you get a smidgen out of productivity and that gets you to the double-digit, which has characterized the historic pattern and I would expect us to return to that in the future. I hope that's somewhat helpful.
Edward P. Baird: Yes. The yen-denominated product, at least on the retirement income side, is very common product in the small business market, which is a significant market for our life planners, particularly some of our more experienced and successful life planners. The dollar-denominated one is used more traditionally in the individual market for the purposes evidenced by its name, retirement income. So you get a number of factors here. Part of it is the currency factor. But it's difficult to isolate that because there has also been rate increases on both currency-based products over the last year, 1.5 years. So it's a little hard to know precisely what might be driving it. But I will point out that the dollar-denominated retirement income has been the lead product in Life Planners, specifically in POJ, for probably 5, 6 years now. And over that period of time, you will have seen that the currency rate has fluctuated rather dramatically. So I wouldn't attribute too much significance to just a single quarter's movement in the currency. I suspect you will see this retain its position as a lead product for POJ regardless of currency movements.
Edward P. Baird: They tend not to -- over time, over a cycle of movements on the interest rates, they tend to be priced in relatively the same region, so it has a lot more to do with what's going on in at any one particular time in the capital market than it does, necessarily, what we're targeting in our pricing.
