Robert Michael Falzon: Thank you, Mark. Now turning to slide 19. I'm going to provide an update on key balance sheet items and financial measures. We view the RBC ratios at Prudential Insurance, or PICA and PALAC as well as the composite RBCs shown here to be important measures of our financial strength. Having said that, as we've highlighted previously, we manage our annuity risks using an economic framework that includes holding total assets to a CTE 97 level with the ability to maintain that level through moderate stresses. As a consequence, over time we may see some variability in the excess of PALAC's RBC over our target ratio. We expect that the reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% as part of the Tax Act will result in a reduction of statutory deferred tax assets and an increase in certain statutory reserves, which will adversely affect the statutory capital position of our domestic insurance companies for 2017. However, while statutory results are not yet filed, we expect that our Prudential Insurance, PALAC, and composite RBC ratios will each continue to be above our current 400% AA target as of year-end, including the estimated impacts from the Tax Act. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 893% and 935% respectfully as of September 30. These solvency margins are comfortably above our targets and we estimate that they continue to be so as of the end of the year. Looking at liquidity, leverage, and capital deployment highlights that are on slide 20, cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $4.4 billion at the end of the quarter which was consistent with last quarter. Cash inflows during the quarter supported approximately $635 million of shareholder distributions which were about evenly split between dividends of $321 million and share repurchases of $313 million, and also funded debt maturities and other business operations. Our financial leverage and total leverage ratios as of year-end remained within our targets. And as John noted, we returned $2.6 billion to shareholders during the year through dividends and share repurchases and announced a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend yesterday. I would also remind investors of two items we communicated in our guidance that we expect to have a positive impact on adjusted book value in the first quarter of 2018 of roughly $1 billion. We'll implement the new accounting standard that impacts the treatment of equity investments and which will result in a reclass of net unrealized gains of approximately $900 million from AOCI to retained earnings. In addition, we intend to eliminate the one-month reporting lag in our Gibraltar operations so that Gibraltar's first quarter results reflect January through March activity. This would not result in an extra month of Gibraltar earnings in our 2018 results, but instead would essentially result in an adjustment to opening equity. Now, I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Ryan, it's Rob. Yeah, we're comfortable that, again, on average over time, the 65% ratio of free cash flow is something that the businesses will continue to produce. If we look at the impact of tax reform, we expect cash taxes to actually be lower over the course of the next few years, primarily from not incurring U.S. taxes on repatriations from Japan and the utilization of accelerated tax credits on our U.S. taxes. So we expect most of the near-term increase in after-tax AOI resulting from tax reform to actually translate into free cash flow, even including the amortization of the one-time toll tax that we mentioned of about $500 million. Longer term, there are more variables that come into play, but we generally expect reform to be neutral or a positive to future year's cash – cash flow. And so, we remained with our guidance around the 65% free cash flow ratio.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes, it is. So, what you saw is, two of the biggest pieces related to that came through as of year-end. So that was the reduction in the DTAs and the increasing of reserves, primarily around AAT reserves that get adjusted as a result of the lower taxes. So, those are both baked into the numbers that we'll produce as of year-end, and while we haven't published those yet, and therefore we don't want to be overly specific, we're comfortable that that number is going to come out ahead of our – or above our 400% target for AA as we're currently labeling that. The remaining piece that's a potential would represent about half of the 100 basis point decline in RBC that we had given for the totality of the impact of tax reform. When and how that actually manifests itself is still unknown, but we've assumed that a recalibration of the metrics without any adjustments going from 35 down to 21 (36:16), the impact of that is (36:20) something where we would still be able to maintain our 400% RBC using our available cash – our available capital capacity. Some of that capital capacity exists within our on-balance sheet, off-balance sheet, and earnings that we obviously generate during the course of the year as well.
Robert Michael Falzon: Sure Suneet, it's Rob. So, first of all, big picture – this is a good story and it's consistent with the prior messaging that we've been giving around the increased stability and predictability around our Annuities business. So let me break it down into pieces. Let me talk first about the last part of your question which is the hedge performance during the course of the quarter. So, we include volatility in our hedging. We don't hedge the VICs directly, but we have options and other things and they – and so, volatility is expressed through that. Our actual breakage month-to-date for February was only around $45 million. Now I'll remind you, that's on a liability that's in excess of $9 billion. And so that's consistent with the kind of hedging efficiencies that – and effectiveness that we've been seeing in prior quarters and prior years. If you look back at the fourth quarter, the way in which we look at our effectiveness, we're at 90% or above in terms of our hedge effectiveness. So, the second piece then in terms of volatility. So obviously there are multiple pieces of volatility that you want to think about. There is a direct increase in hedge costs when volatility increases within a period. And to the extent that volatility gives rise to breakage, you have that indirect cost as well. Now, those costs are subject to the fact that one, as I noted we hedge at 2 (41:45). Recall that we have our auto-rebalance feature and that allows us – as volatility is typically associated with declining markets, we're rebalancing out of equities and into fixed income. And so our exposure to that is declining as markets increase in volatility and decline. In terms of the broader, then, impact of vol on our earnings, the long-term cost of our hedging is included in our AOI. That's the AP factor that we set upfront when we look at our fees and we anticipate how much of that is going to flow into AOI as opposed to what's needed in order to settle out the liability. The period costs, in any given period the plus or the minus, is part of how we define breakage in that period. So, if volatility goes up and the cost of our hedging goes up, that's going to be defined in our breakage. And then, to the extent that we have any inefficiencies, that will be in there as well. That gets amortized into our AOI via changes in our benefit ratios. And to-date, that's actually been a positive number and it's contributed modestly to the elevated ROAs that we've been reporting. And so as part of our guidance, I'll remind you that what we did is we said that we were expecting that that mid to 125-ish ROA would migrate down over time as we took the opportunity of relatively high equity markets and high profitability coming out of the business to recalibrate how we go about hedging our annuities book, an increase in the use of derivatives and hedges as we did that. And so we undertook that and that was fully in place by the end of the fourth quarter. And therefore, we further benefited from the fact that we had, in addition to our product hedges, a capital hedge overlay on top of that against equity market volatility. And all of that's consistent with what we've been messaging in the last four quarters around, expect a slight decline in ROA and the exchange for that is going to be less volatility in our earnings and our cash flow, which we think is a good trade, particularly given the elevated levels of both markets and our profitability. Final piece of that, equity markets: obviously if vol's up and equity markets are down, the – that – all things being considered, we rather equity markets were up: that enhances the profitability of not only the Annuities business but our other businesses as well. That – any equity market declines are ultimately reflected in our earnings through unlocking of the K factor (44:18) in our benefit ratios. But recall a couple things: One is, there's a mean reversion assumption in there and that mutes the impact of it. And because of the hedging that we do, both the product hedge and the capital hedge that I described before, we significantly offset the impact of a decline in equity markets. And that's what we've been talking about, again, over the last few quarters. We are using the higher level of earnings to reduce that volatility and then shore up our earnings and our cash flow or reduce the volatility around that. So, we do better a rising equity market, but we're well protected in downturns and expect a muted earnings impact from what we saw – the likes of what we saw in February from the combination of volatility and directions in markets.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, to the extent the auto-rebalance leaves people within – more skewed toward bonds and equities, they stay in that position until a point at which the equity markets rise and auto-balance begins to work in the other direction. So if you have an environment where equity markets remain relatively flat, they'll be in a fixed income instruments. Obviously, the duration of that fixed income fund is sort of – it's sort of a mid-range duration. I remember it specifically, five years, six years, something like that. So as interest rates rise, as they're in that over time, they'll get higher yields out of that as the yield in the – on the assets in that fund increase. Now, if equity markets further decline, obviously they're going to be protected from that because we'll continue to auto-rebalance out of equities and into fixed income. And so, they'll eventually hit a floor where further equity market declines will be – they'll be fully insulated from those kind of movements. Steve, I don't know if you want to elaborate on that.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yeah, so let me share a couple observations, Tom. First, let me start with the caveat that our book here is a relatively small book. So, we've got 215,000 policies, 6 billion in reserves, and you can kind of put that in the context of others in the industry that are much more significantly in this product. A couple other things I'd also mention just to sort of lay out the nature of our book. We're – it's a more recent vintage book, Tom, so that's when plan designs got more conservative. And about two-thirds of the book is Group as opposed to Individual. And, again, the plan designs were more conservative in the Group long-term care policies than they were in the Individual. With respect to our assumptions, we look at those every year. So, yeah, we did the big assumption update in 2012 and had the GAAP loss recognition event. I think that's what you're referring to. But every year we continue to look at that. And the assumptions that we have in place for that book, we look at both with regard to our own experience and with regard to industry experience and we are in line, if not generally on the more conservative end of that industry experience that's available to us. Now, I'd throw a caveat in there, and that is that our book is relatively nascent as I mentioned, so it's got – a little over 1% of the book is actually in payout at this point in time. And I'd say the same thing of the industry, which is that the experience of people is still evolving and that we all have to watch for how that experience may change, what we've currently seen. So, while assumptions may reflect experience to-date, that's not to say that experience can't change as more and more of the book goes from the deferred status to active status. And then, so get to your very specific question, we have a cushion above our loss recognition that's in excess of $500 million, and so we feel pretty comfortable with that level of cushion with the realization that we'll constantly be updating our assumptions. And we'll look to do that in the second quarter of next year.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve. Let me address your question. And I'll just start by saying that, as you know, we regularly review our product pricing and update key assumptions as appropriate. And there are a number of factors that we consider as part of that, tax impact being just one of them. I think the most meaningful impact from the tax reform will likely not really be derived in regard to new product sales, but rather simply from applying lower tax rates for the results of our In-Force business. For products that do, where our at issue returns do benefit from the tax reform, I think it'd be reasonable to expect that some portion of the benefits realized from that will be competed away over time. However, we see this happening over time and at varying rates of speed in our varying businesses, depending on the competitive landscape in each of those businesses. And throughout this, our primary focus will continue to be ensuring that we price our products for sustainable profitable growth. In terms of the lowering of tax rates and does that impact the value proposition that we offer to customers, we don't believe so. We believe that even at lower tax rates, our insurance solutions continue to offer a strong value proposition and help to meet our customers' financial needs.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Yes, Erik, we do see a very, very healthy pipeline at the start of the year, and it's for the reasons that you mentioned. Ability to transact is bolstered by increasing funding levels and that's driven by both an uptick in rates and the contributions that you mentioned. A significant number of plan sponsors have made contributions in 2017 to their plans and they have until September to do so and to take advantage of the lower 2017 tax rates. So, ability to transact is very strong and propensity to transact continues to be bolstered by the factors that we've mentioned before on these calls, such as rising PBGC premiums, increasing awareness of the longevity risk, and that increasing awareness being reinforced by new mortality tables. So, all of those factors around both ability and propensity to transact really make for a healthy pipeline here at the early stages of the year.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Yeah, I'll just add a couple of points, Rob. First of all, just remember that the fixed income vehicle is a corporate bond fund, and so spreads come into play as well. But also, just a more fundamental point that we've consistently emphasized. The auto-rebalancing program is not an account value optimizer. That's not what it's about. It's about the support of our risk profile over an extended period of time and making sure that we're able to responsibly offer the benefit that we do in our product design. So that's really the underlying and fundamental purpose that we very much discuss with our customers' about the auto-rebalancing program. It's not meant to optimize account values.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Alex, it's Steve. I'll address your question. First of all, incentive and performance fees often do have some seasonality. It's not unusual to see them emerge in the fourth quarter, if we've earned them. In terms of what happened this quarter, we saw those elevated incentive fees actually across multiple asset classes: we saw it in fixed income, both public and private; we saw it in real estate; and we saw it in our equity businesses as well. Over time, we have been drawing increasing flows to strategies that do carry incentive fees and that's particularly true in our fixed income business. So, it would not be unusual to see a growth in the strategies over time and possibly emergence of greater incentive fees in our earnings patterns over time.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Alex, again, I'll address your questions. It is not at all surprising for us to see elevated lapses and withdrawals in this quarter. I'd mention a couple of things. First of all, just in terms of the market conditions, we expect to see elevated lapses in our – as interest rates rise. And interest rates rising is usually associated with alternative solutions becoming available that clients may go into. I would also recall that that correlation of rising interest rates is built into how we manage our actuarial assumptions in the business and our risk management in the business. So, that kind of dynamic relationship between rising interest rates and lapsation is really built into what we do. On a longer term basis, I'd also recall that as more and more of our In-Force business emerges from a surrender period, we would expect to see that. In terms of new product design, we just last week launched a fixed-index annuity product. And so, we see that as offering a fuller suite of product designs to our distribution partners and their clients and we have other products in the course of this year that we expect to introduce into the marketplace.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Tom, I'll address your question. The activation of the auto-rebalancing program is not based on overall certain level of market decline. Actually, auto-rebalancing would, under normal circumstances, kick in well before a 10% market decline. Again, to emphasize, the auto-rebalancing program is driven by our evaluation of the risk profile in each and every one of our HDI products and then the aggregation of that change in risk profile of all those individual contracts. That's what drives auto-rebalancing activity: change in risk profile of each and every contract. As to the asset reallocation topic, maybe I'd ask Rob to comment on that
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, it's Steve. I'll answer the first part of your question. As I mentioned, in a rising interest rate environment, we would expect to see withdrawals and lapses in the variable annuities business. Rising interest rates are usually associated with the emergence of alternative solutions, and thus it would be only natural to see increased lapsation in that for that reason in addition to the emergence from surrender charges, as you mentioned, as a longer term trend. And again, I just mentioned that we have thoroughly incorporated that correlation into our actuarial and risk management underpinnings for this business. The assumptions we make call for a dynamic relationship between direction of interest rates and lapsation.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Humphrey, it's Steve. I'll address your question. We've seen secular pressure on fees in the Investment Management industry overall. And actually, that's been not just in the active space, but also in the passive space. There's been considerable fee compression. In the face of that, we've been able to keep actually pretty stable fees overall in our book. Now – and to address your question, rather than speak about the fee rate on outflows versus fee rate on inflows, I'd point out, we have not been immune in all portions of our platform to fee compression. That's not where our stable fee rate comes from. We've experienced that fee compression in various parts of our platform, in particular, in retail portions. However, we have been able to draw flows into higher fee-yielding strategies in – particularly in fixed income, as you mentioned, and in other areas as well such as real estate. So given the multi-manager model and given our ability to draw flows into a variety of strategies, including ones that yield higher fees, we feel well positioned to compete even in this period of secular pressure on fees.
Stephen P. Pelletier: So remember the size of the book is – yeah, if you look at the two-thirds versus one-third that would be probably a pretty good indicator. I don't have the number off the top of my head, Humphrey, but I think it's – we'll have someone follow up with you specifically, but I would think about it being roughly that order of magnitude, because they're both relatively nascent books.
