Richard Carbone: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. At the beginning here, I will cover the third quarter results. And then, I'll come back later on and cover our capital and liquidity position, our earnings guidance for 2011 and how we look at our ROE potentials. As you've seen from yesterday's release, we reported common stock earnings per share of $2.12 for the third quarter based on adjusted operating income for the Financial Services Businesses, or the FSB. This compares to a $1.78 per share in the year-ago quarter. I will start with some high-level comments on the current quarter and then discuss the impact of some discrete items. In our Annuity Retirement businesses, results are benefiting from continued growth and account values, driven by strong sales and net flows as well as cumulative market value increases over the past year. In the Asset Management business, we are benefiting from higher Asset Management fees, driven by growth in assets under management as well as the absence of credit-related charges in the current quarter. Low earnings from our U.S. Protection businesses resulted from an increase in Individual Life claims in comparison to better-than-expected experience a year ago and less favorable underwriting in Group insurance. Our domestic results are also benefited from net favorable unlockings in the quarter, reflecting updated estimates of profitability based on our annual actuarial reviews as well as market increases in the quarter. Our International businesses are continuing to perform well with record earnings for the quarter and strong sales driven by our competitive position and expanding distribution in Japan. As you saw in our earnings release, we changed our definition of adjusted operating income, or AOI. To exclude hedging differences from our variable annuity living benefits, mark-to-market on our capital hedge and the nonperformance risk that we've referred to as NPR. As a result, these items will no longer be reflected in our business segment results, although they will continue to be included of course in GAAP net income. We revised the definition in connection with changes of our hedging program, which Mark will discuss. We believe this presentation will provide a more meaningful measure of adjusted operating income and while they will be more comparable or compatible with our peers. Operating results for the quarter reflected several discrete items, including the impact of our annual actuarial reviews of experienced and actuarial assumptions that we typically complete for our Insurance and Retirement businesses in the third quarter of each year. And I'll go through them now. In the Annuity business, we had a benefit of $0.38 per share from unlocking that reduced amortization of deferred policy acquisition and other costs and a further benefit of $0.26 per share from the release of a portion of our reserves to guaranteed minimum death and income benefits. Our Individual Life business benefited $0.08 per share from the reduction of net amortization of DAC and related cost as a result of the completion of their annual review. Group Insurance results, better than in $0.04 per share from reserve refinements, driven largely by their annual assumption review. Going the other way, an unlocking in the Retirement business resulted in net charges of about $0.02 per share. In total, the items I just mentioned had a net favorable impact of about $0.74 on our earnings per share for the third quarter. Our results in the year-ago quarter also benefited from favorable unlockings, largely driven by a 15% increase in the S&P 500 and other discrete items that we identified then. With an estimated contribution of $0.57 per share. Taking these items out of both the current and prior-year quarters, or year-ago quarter, will produce an EPS increase of about 14%. Now moving on to the GAAP results of the FSB. We reported net income of $1.2 billion or $2.46 per share for the third quarter, compared to $1.1 billion or $2.35 per share a year ago. GAAP pretax results for this quarter include amounts characterized as net realized investment gains of $278 million. These gains reflect $89 million from the hedging differences and related items, including NPR, that were previously reported within adjusted operating income. The remainder of the net gains was largely driven by general portfolio and activities and foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Impairments and credit losses were $91 million in the quarter, book value per share on a GAAP basis amounted to $67.81 at the end of the third quarter. This compares to $49.71 a year ago. Excluding unrealized investment gains and losses and pension and postretirement benefits, book value per share increased $9.24 from a year ago, reaching $6.40 at the end of the quarter. I will discuss, as mentioned earlier, I'll discuss our capital liquidity later on after Mark discusses the business results. And now on to Mark.
Richard Carbone: Okay. Andrew, during the multi-year plan -- well, right now, you've seen on the balance sheet, on that slide that listed all of our capital, our capital position. You saw after the Star/Edison acquisition, we had about $1.8 billion to $2.3 billion of capital capacity, our available capital capacity. My remarks during the projected period were that, from 2011 through 2013, that number would grow significantly. The assumption in the multi-year ROE projection is that the excess capital or the capital above that $2 billion number will be invested in a 12% return and that $2 billion number will be sitting at sort of a short-term bond rate or embedded in the general account but not delivering a 12% return. So it's the capital above that, that will deliver the 12% return.
Richard Carbone: I wouldn't say never. I wouldn't say never, and I wouldn't say it's always going to be $ 2 billion. It's our planning assumption for the multi-year period.
Richard Carbone: And Nigel, this is Rich. I think I understood your question, and I'm looking now at Slide 11. Your question relates to that part of blue box on the left, Capital Generation & Deployment, okay? So our assumption in this ROE progression is that available capital in excess of the $2 billion, that Mark just talked about, is reinvested over this time horizon at a 12% after-tax return. And so, there's a 12% impact in the numerator, right? In earnings of that capital that's being generated over this three-year time horizon. So I think it's important to know that, that is pretty neutral assumption to buybacks and to an acquisition in eight P/E. So if we took that same capital, and I can't tell you what it is, in a buyback or an acquisition in eight P/E, or it was invested in the balance sheet in our businesses, that's just the capital above $2 billion, this is important, at 12%, you would see an ROE in 2013 of 13% to 14%.
Richard Carbone: Yes, and Nigel, that's not something I think we're prepared discuss. As Mark mentioned and as John mentioned, it's not the lion's share that's ROE progression.
Richard Carbone: You're correct in your prior assumption. Right now, I think we're using that 50-50. 50% is going to be plowed back into the businesses and used for dividends, and the other 50% may arise as kept-available capital.
Richard Carbone: Well, we're not targeting $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We will have $1.8 billion to $2.3 billion after the Star/Edison acquisition. And where that bounces around during year will depend upon sales, business growth and capital generation. So I wouldn't get too obsessed with the $2 billion to $2.5 billion. I think the best way to understand is, we think that, that's what sort of where we're going to be throughout the year.
Richard Carbone: It's Rich. It's not a meaningful number, Tom, number one, because it's so far out of the money, it's relatively cheap to put it on, because it doesn't really, as Mark puts it, become interesting until the S&P hits 800. That's number one. And two, it's more of a capital hedge across the company. And when we put this in place, it's not just for the S&P. There are other things that we think about where we're trying to protect the capital of the company but the bottom line is, it's really small.
Richard Carbone: We're amortizing the premium here. And so, really the mark-to-market of this thing can only be on the upside because we're writing off the premium, because it's a purchase option.
Richard Carbone: Tom, the other thing is you'd have to reduce equity because you give yourself credit for having the hedge. The ROE might go up.
Richard Carbone: Well, why don't I take a crack at that, and then I think Mark has a couple of things he might want to add. That $2 billion is not cast in stone. It's going to ebb and flow, and I think it's going to more ebb than flow. I mean, it should decline over time, that's one. Two, we are holding that today. It's there today. We think about it for business growth. Annuities may go the other way. They may have excess sales and we'll need to use that to fund new DAC and support the capital in the business on the growth side, not on the downside. It's there for the credit cycles that we can't predict and when they come. It's therefore surplus or regulatory capital in the event we have got to put up some AATs [ph] (1:32:14.7) for the interest rate environment that we face. So I guess I could take the entire amount and whack it up against every segment and reduce their ROE. But I think it's also fair to say, now I'm really going to get over my skis [ph] (1:32:31.0). It's financed with debt, Tom. It's not technically financed with equity of the company. It's debt capital.
Richard Carbone: We've got the CFO of the International businesses here, Ken Tanji and he worked on the deal. So let me have him you to take a crack at that since I didn't do such a good job the last time.
Richard Carbone: And Tom, let me just add one thing to that and maybe barely address your question. And we could agree to disagree on this because the timing, but those cash flows that Ken is talking about are constantly reducing the investment in that company. And so, when we look at the five-year time horizon and reduced that investment by those healthy cash flows, because we're not needing to fund new business, they will be writing some business. As Ken mentioned, the 100% of earnings is coming back to us, new businesses must be funded internally with capital generation. So we're taking down that purchase price. And as we take down that purchase price, by the time we're all the dealing's done and the synergies are out, we are looking at it in the range of an eight multiple. Because we're looking at it as an unlevered 12% ROE. And that's, I think, the disconnect between you and I on this. It's a timing thing. We're not going to see it until all, as they say, the dealing is done. But that cash flow is the critical point here. It's constantly paying down the investment.
Richard Carbone: It's just the proportion of permanent items to taxable income. So as your permanent items become less proportional to your higher taxable income, your effective tax rate naturally rises.
Richard Carbone: We cannot break it down by quarter, but keep in mind, by earlier comments, right? That the eight months worth of earnings of Star/Edison in 2011 are completely offset by the financing costs and the integration cost. So net-net at the end of the year, there'll be CRO, and that's in the guidance. And the only thing we'll be the left would be additional shares outstanding.
Richard Carbone: On the first one, we've got to wait until 2011 is gone and all what we've talked about on Star/Edison is behind us, right? So the ROE pickup from Star/Edison is not going to begin until '12. Because we've got the drag of what I've, I think, repeated now twice in 2011 from the Star/Edison economics, okay? The biggest drivers in the ROEs is actually flows...
Richard Carbone: It's not linear. The emergence of capital is not linear. In 2011, and it's not 50-50 in 2011, including the part that's coming back from Star/Edison. The Star/Edison is going to use a pile of its money to do for the onetime costs. But you make a fair point. Most of the 2011 capital emergence is going to be plowed back in the businesses, but there is some that will emerge and by the end of the year, we'll still have some excess capital.
Richard Carbone: Well, I will tell you that, first of all, we're in very good terms with the rating agencies. And second of all, we've scrubbed the place pretty clearly with respect to our exposures around rates and markets and credit and anything else that can happen. And the positioning with respect to thinking about capital is exactly as we portrayed it, and as I discussed earlier, and as John, I think, reiterated. We have a healthy attitude about it, and we will do things to enhance the value of the company and provide an attractive investment for our shareholders.
Richard Carbone: Let me start Colin. The Wachovia JV proceeds. A long time ago in a very different time, but we contributed that JV to PICA. And that bolstered the RBC of PICA, and I don't remember by over 100 basis points. And the surplus benefit that PICA got was $2 billion. When we monetized the output, we got gross proceeds of $4.5 billion. We paid a bunch of taxes. I think we paid, Peter is here, we paid $700 million, $800 million in taxes. We left $2 billion in PICA, because maybe that that's in their RBC. That sitting in their RBC in excess of $400 million today. And then they dividend it up about $2 billion in the first quarter of this year up to the holding company. Some of that was used to fund some other activities. And that's where the money is coming from. Part of the money, of course, is coming from off the balance sheet to fund Star/Edison. That's where it's all the news.
Richard Carbone: There is no assumed growth rate. We build it up by the earnings growth rate. So each individual business has an earnings growth rate. We figure out what the regulatory capital needs are based on those growth rates, and it's not an assumption. It's actually a calculation driven from their growth rates.
Richard Carbone: And once again, no. There's not an assumption in the growth rate of required capital. There's an assumption or there's all a build up of all of the multi-year plans. There's a calculation of the capital needs that those plans require. And any excess is what I was assuming would be the substantial excess of available capital over the multi-year period above the $2 billion place key per cushion, which is once again, it's just an assumption at this point in time and it's going to be re-evaluated every quarter.
Richard Carbone: Great question. Some of that capital is coming from our International Insurance businesses in Japan with the remainder coming from PFI, which is where you see that cash is all at PFI of course.
John Strangfeld: Thank you, Rich. So as Mark and Rich have described, Prudential has been steadily and consistently gaining ground for this period of financial and economic challenges. Looking down the road, we are confident that we will achieve the 13% to 14% ROE objective for 2013 that Rich has shared with you. Our business is operating in attractive markets. They are highly competitive. They are well led. And collectively, they make up a very attractive portfolio. A portfolio with both growth prospects and downside protection. In addition, effective capital management remains an important lever. We believe we have shown we have the skills to identify attractive properties to acquire unfavorable terms and integrate successfully. We believe our just-announced acquisition Star/Edison insurance companies fulfill the criteria of a successful deal. We expect Star/Edison to contribute an ROE in 2013 that is compatible with our corporate goal for that year. We consider this to be an excellent financial result, especially considering our confidence in achieving the expense saving to drive our expected returns. As those stage are more fully achieved over time, Star/Edison's ROE will further increase. Star/Edison also have significant benefits that we have not attributed to its financial results. First, Star/Edison significantly broadens and deepens our distribution in captive agency and bank distribution in Japan while adding a substantial independent agency channel. Although we expect to generate meaningful sales from this distribution, our purchased price attributed almost no value to new business. On the contrary, the value of the in force block we are acquiring, as well as the expense savings we expect to achieve, support virtually the entire price we are paying. That's why we expect to record almost no goodwill from this transaction. Second, product manufacturing and administration of our Japanese insurance companies are increasingly done from common platforms. That means, the benefit of greater scale will accrue to Prudential of Japan and to Gibraltar, and not just to Star/Edison, leading to enhanced margins across the board. Finally, Star/Edison is expected to improve both the amount and diversity of cash flow to our parent company to support shareholder dividends, potential acquisitions and other activities. Star/Edison builds upon our success in Japan making our business there even stronger, and from an enterprise context, represents a very positive enhancement to our overall portfolio. Now as I close the portion of this meeting that has been dedicated to our prepared remarks, I want to provide some broad context to call whose content has traveled both the current and longer-term strategic issues. We have been consistent in our focus on maintaining an attractive mix of very good businesses, with the earnings power and to produce superior returns with above-average consistency. Our successful execution has put our businesses and leadership positions in our chosen markets as evidenced by gains in sales and flows, and business momentum is strong. We are very well positioned to serve the attractive broad markets for retirement accumulation and income products in the U.S. and Japan. The multiple dimensions of Prudential provide valuable and high-quality diversification, whether it's distribution channel, geographies, business models, risk and profit drivers and market focus, mixed together is very attractive. Our capital liquidity and investment portfolio provides strength and flexibility. And finally, our seasoned management team has proven execution skills as operators, innovators, acquirers and leaders. With that, I'll stop. We appreciate your interest in Prudential, and we now welcome your questions.
John Strangfeld: And Andrew, you should think of that as a conservative baseline assumption and not something that's cast in stone with respect to a target. And also, don't link it too closely to being held in very low-yielding liquid assets. That's a kind of a broad 40,000-foot sort of normal piece capital that sits there.
John Strangfeld: Well, Andrew the plans that we'll be making for the excess capital that we're going to generate that we already have and will subsequently generate, I think that we'll talk about it as we go forward.
John Strangfeld: Well, let me address a second question first and then I'll hand it over to Rich. In terms of the $2 billion assumption, we characterized our thoughts on capital around three considerations. One is broadly mixing offense and defense and watching the environment making sure that we're careful and we're well-protected in the possibility of another round of stretch [ph] (1:14:46.7) with respect to the markets or the business. So the comfort level with respect to that dimension would matter. The second thing that we've focused on under the offense category is the growth potential in our businesses. And as we've commented on now for five or six earnings calls, we continue to experience very good sales results and very good flows. And so, the opportunities to deploy capital organically remain pretty attractive. And then, the third influence on that consideration is the external market environment as it relates to possible acquisition opportunities or other discrete applications or deployments of capital into the market beyond our normal organic capacity. And so, we'll consider or we'll continue to weigh all three of those factors: the offense-defense mix; the organic growth opportunities, which we think are considerable and attractive; and the possibility of an opportunity in the market to put more capital to work through some sort of a nonorganic transaction. You want to think about that $2 billion is representing upside. Just because in the sense that's the way you worded the question, as we go through time and things become clearer with respect to any of the three elements that I talked about, you ought to think about that $2 billion is representing upside.
John Strangfeld: This is John, Nigel. Just to add one other thought to that to, I think an aspect of your question. Most of this growth is attributable to the organic progress of the business, not to the excess capital. And within organic, most of that progress is not about the S&P, it's about strong fundamentals, sales, inflows and the like. That's what we think is a particularly strong underpinning to this outlook.
John Strangfeld: Tom maybe, one more comment on something that you'll identify with, which is, we paid about 80% of the appraisal value at a 12% discount rate for this. Now bridging that to the ROE outcome that we think is very attractive even with purchase accounting and everything else in it, a few years down the road, it is kind of the connection between the upfront economics. And again, at a 12% discount rate, that's probably a pretty healthy discount rate to apply to these cash flows. And paying 80% of that appraisal value is real value. And then, as you see it play out in our ROE discussion, is this will make a meaningful and attractive contribution. I've seen too many numbers to comment on your P/E arithmetic, but we like where this goes on a GAAP basis, all-in, and we also like the upfront economics as reflected in the ability to generate cash but also maybe more concisely as reflected in what we paid versus a 12% appraisal.
John Strangfeld: I think John, it's also fair to say, this is John, that we haven't lost sight of the fact that if we don't think we can put it to work, we got to give it back, from a standpoint of achieving our own expectations of ourselves. And we still think, this remains an attractive environment, prospectively, in terms of potential opportunities to invest in our business beyond the outsized growth that we've achieved in some of these areas. Obviously, AIG concluded we're a very attractive counterparty that fulfill their objectives. It's possible, other circumstances may arise. It's hard to predict. So that is investing in our business and outsized growth, whether it's M&A or whether it stock buyback, it's the function -- the concept of active capital management is not lost upon us.
John Strangfeld: Since last quarter, I've had earnings call where we talked about excess capital. We've obviously taken very meaningful steps in this piece of this Star/Edison. Now granted not dollar per dollar, by virtue of the way we've approached this, but we're at it.
John Strangfeld: I think it's been our practice, John, not to give sensitivities. They're not linear. There's so many knock on effects and other things that could happen. If the S&P ends the year higher than we thought, and everything keeps going on after that, under our assumptions, you know the 8% will do a little better.
John Strangfeld: No. The swing is the one that Rich, shared with you. I'll be happy to get into all the detail with you offline.
Mark Grier: And maybe just one elaboration on the arithmetic that's in that. As you've heard in my comments, the incremental return opportunities in several of our businesses related to organic growth are higher than 12%. As Rich characterized that as a neutral assumption, it is. And in fact, with respect to the businesses that I highlighted in my comments on ROE emergence, we have opportunities better than 12%.
Mark Grier: Well, Andrew (sic) [Nigel], whatever capital generation is coming out of our multi-year plan is reflected in the numbers that Rich talked about.
Mark Grier: It's Mark. Let me make a couple of comments on the way you're approaching this. In terms of the broad view of hedging and the change the we've made, what we've done is basically taken the same framework, the same fundamental approach, but applied to the metrics somewhat more realistic economic assumptions, and as that relates to the comments I made about the use of risk-free rates for asset accumulation results as well as discounting cash flows that are far in the future. So you should think about what we're working with is a reference point that we've defined that's more or less constructed the same way, but in fact in the current environment scaled down relative to the GAAP liability because of the use of somewhat more realistic but still what I think almost anyone would consider to be very conservative market-type assumptions that drive the conclusion about the value. At this level of rates, we believe that the calculation according to GAAP substantially overstates the liability. And at this level of rates, we also believe that movement in rates, changes in rates, generate larger changes in the value of the liability than are reflective of the actual underlying economics. So again, we've defined a reference point that in this current environment is basically a scaled-down version of the definition of the liability and the changes in the liability as rates change from this very low level. And as a result of that, in terms of the pure GAAP liability, for example, we will benefit as rates go up. And to think about your question of having locked-in returns, with respect to the GAAP liability and ultimate GAAP results, we haven't. We have some exposure there because there is now a difference between the economics of our hedging and the GAAP-reported liability, and in any particular period, changes in the liability that might go through the income statement. So we think, as a result of this, we can manage more effectively over time as rates change and also as we employ more realistic interest rate assumptions, to achieve our margin objectives. But having said that, they're part of what you're saying is right, which is that interest rates are locked in when we booked the product. And I think, Bernard has said in the past, that at this point in the cycle, we're not achieving necessarily upfront the return objectives that we expect to achieve over time.
Mark Grier: Just to refresh your memory, for a while we had on what we described as a plain vanilla short. That was carried, as in characterized as a macro hedge within the Annuity business. We don't have that hedge on anymore. We've replaced it with a scaled down, somewhat scaled-down version of a highly structured trade that will get very interesting if the S&P gets back down in the 600, 700 range. But it's not so interesting at this level of the S&P. And the amortization and the cost of that is not in the Annuity business anymore. It's in Corporate and Other -- it is a more general capital macro hedge. But at the current level of the market, you want to consider it to be irrelevant. Again, it'll get very interesting as a very low levels of the market, but around this level doesn't matter.
Mark Grier: Yes, both parts of that. The results of the hedge and the amortization of the cost are now outside the Annuity business.
Mark Grier: Yes. Let me extend Richard's comment on the sort of overall stress test aspect of having that the capital on the balance sheet as well as potential other applications. In the Annuity business, with the market where it is, you can't do a calculation that would tell you, you need that $2 billion to support the Annuity business. But that's not part of sort of any economic reality today. If you wanted to fine tune an assessment of a capital-protection strategy, given the exposure that's in our -- and now let's talk about statutory capital, because that's really what we worry about, if we're in a stressed environment. If you wanted to look at how you would protect statutory capital against the real stressed environment and the ultimate sort of downside tail, you would come up with a cost that's much, much, much less than the $2 billion aggregate capital cushion on the balance sheet. So we can talk about this may be offline, but if you crunch through this and look at tail protection strategies and what it would mean for the Annuity business, you wouldn't have the conclusion of capital hog, particularly, given the downside protection we get from our auto-rebalancing products features. You wouldn't have the portrayal of this as a capital hog, and you wouldn't have anything like $2 billion of raw capital on the balance sheet. You might have a structured protection strategy that would be much less expensive and effective than the range over which you need it.
Mark Grier: Well, this is Mark. The short answer to a lot is yes. However, let me just qualify it. The volatility piece that you're talking about will be scaled down considerably in what you might think of as a more normal rate environment. The things that drive the difference between the economics and the accounting right now, I don't want get too elaborate. But the thing that drive that difference have a lot of convexity. And if you think about interest rates, for example, returning to even somewhat more normal levels from what looked to be extraordinarily low levels, those differences will get smaller and smaller. So the answer is yes, but to some extent, driven by the environment that we're in, they are more volatile in this neighborhood than they will be in an environment that you might think of as more normal.
Mark Grier: And Eric also as also reminder, from Mark. Prudential, along with just about everybody who is in this business, wrote a lot of business at higher levels of the market. Remember how this was booming in '05, '06 and '07. And the accounting economics of that of the older pieces of business have quite a lot of leverage as the market goes up from this level. So we will be, based on the just the planning assumptions and I guess what seems to be coming true in the policy environment, moving through layers of business that had been booked to higher levels of the market that will kick in with respect to earnings in ways that are also going to drive those numbers to improve. And that's complemented by the fact that we have been growing a lot at lower levels of the market when others weren't necessarily as active in the market. And Bernard's made the point that we attach a lot of value to being in there day in and day out and having sort of the qualitative comparison to dollar cost averaging with respect to the booking of the business. And the fact that we have business that were not at much lower levels, and that as the market goes up, we'll be moving through business that weren't on at much higher levels, will also both contribute to the financial outcome.
Mark Grier: Well, we've got all those -- yes, those aspects as well as the historical old Lifetime Five embedded derivative book.
Mark Grier: John, directionally in terms of how you're asking the question, I go back to what John said. We face the rich man's problem of generating and having capital to deploy. And we have an approach to managing capital that we believe has historically been very shareholder-friendly but also directly supportive of high quality and attractive business initiatives, and that won't change.
Mark Grier: Colin, it's Mark. Reflecting consideration of the current low-rate environment, we did make changes to our Annuity lapse assumptions in the quarter. And particularly reducing the assumed lapses, and that's all reflected in the numbers that I went through. Your point's well taken. This is something to which we're sensitive and we're paying attention to the behavioral implications of where rates are and then how we should be translating that into what we're recognizing. And I believe, based on what I've sort of generally been paying attention to in the market, we may be towards the leading edge of addressing the persistency issues. The fact is that a higher persistency net is positive for us. But if that has been considered as reflected in adjustments that were made this quarter.
Mark Grier: On the utilization, I guess, I'm using the word lapse to reflect the business staying on the books longer. I'll let Peter talk about the more technical-packed issues.
Mark Grier: And Colin, on the DAC, I was a bit puzzled by some of those remarks because when you have a change in lapse, and we now think that more of our customers will remain with us over time rather than less, but that shouldn't necessarily change the amortization period. In other words, we have a 25-year amortization period to DAC. And yes, there'll be more customers around for that 25 years. But we're not expecting mortality tables to change. You got a 25-year amortization period because we think they're not going to be with us after 25 years for other reasons and not surrender. And so, what we do is, we may move, we have moved, some of that DAC amortization towards the back-end of that 25-year period. But we're not going to extend the 25-year period without mortality change, and we did not do that. The other thing I think is important is to talk practice. To have amortized at least 50% of the DAC and Ken used to be the CFO of the Annuity business, if I'm miss-scoring stuff in here. It's our practice to have expend or written-off at least 50% of the DAC before the surrender period expires.
Bernard Winograd: Mark, it's Bernard Winograd. I think I would return to the comment I made at the last quarter, which is the product cycles here are pretty short, but sometimes, they're a little too long, in the sense that you can have significant moves in the markets that put you above or below what your expected return is on the long term, which is how we think about and how we price. And we have to react to that, of course, and we will in the normal course of the product cycle of the business. But you can certainly have periods like this, where things like the current environment that are outside what you would have anticipated. The hedging strategy changed and is only indirectly associated with this, in the sense that we take a view of the degree of logic that is embedded in strict market neutral calculation of our approach to hedging. And when it's completely illogical as it can be when interest rates are either very high or very low, we're going to step away from that. Once you say that's what your -- you're thinking about it, then you also have the accounting consequences. But it's not a driver of the pricing decision.
Bernard Winograd: Eric, it's Bernard Winograd. I think the answer to that is that it's like we do feel that we have -- through our product design a competitive, sustainable advantage here. And that scale is modestly helpful, but it's really driven by the product design and the auto-rebalancing feature, which show so much of the cost, and therefore, the risk out of our economics compared to what we see in the competitive universe, means that we feel like we can either take -- as Mark said, either take market share or margin sort of at will in the business. So we can't predict the exact shape of the competitive responses. We'll ultimately call out, although it hasn't created an on-point competitive response yet. But as long as we're the only people out there selling something that works for both the customer and the manufacturer and the distributor, it's going to continue to grow. One more thing. I do think that it's -- we will reach a practical limit as to our penetration of distribution channels that we haven't reached in the past couple of years. That is, when we started this, so to speak, we had a fairly dominant position in the independent broker-dealer channel but we weren't that -- didn't have that significant penetration near the bank or the wire house world. And that ramp-up will, at some point, have to flat out, and we're just not there yet.
Bernard Winograd: That's correct. We have actually significantly increased our investment in infrastructure. We've gone from 12 servers to 24 to 36 in order to be able to process the business every night and do all the calculations that are involved in this product. But the incremental operating cost is not in anyway proportionate to the incremental profit opportunity.
Bernard Winograd: Well, that the assumption -- it's Bernard again. The assumption underlying a plan is consistent, which is, we've used the forward curve. And that has some marginal impact on values in the accounts under management. But the driver, the primary driver of growth there has much more to do with the flows and the expected flows because the world is looking for fixed income investing. And we have good track records that are winning business in that contest.
Bernard Winograd: We're not prepared to give you an assumption for -- we give VACARVM contribution in the '11 guidance, Randy, sorry.
Bernard Winograd: That's difficult given the integration plans that we have and the onetime costs. The pattern will be lumpy as we incur those costs. So we don't need -- we can't break that down to a specific period.
Bernard Winograd: Well, I think first of all, we appreciate the advice. And secondly, we do feel, as we've said, that we have a lot of flexibility to adjust the market and that the product cycle here gives us the opportunity to do that. We're not, with regard to whether the 6 will come down or not, I think the only thing I will say about that is that our 6 is not the same as everybody else's 6. And it does not, because of the auto-rebalancing feature, the consequences to us of maintaining 6 are not the same as would be to others.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: I was wondering if we could focus on a couple of things. First, actually, if we could talk a little about the quarter's earnings. Rich, you highlighted a bunch of onetime items and I'm just trying to reconcile a couple of these to get to a base earnings run rate for the quarter. If I think about what happened, for example, on Individual Life and the DAC adjustment, you referred to as $52 million as the benefit, and yet, there's a credit showing there in the expense line for $67 million, which suggests to me that you're looking at your pass-on rate is probably double that.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: Okay, I'll enjoy that. And secondly, in terms of -- I'm happy to see it will raise a little less capital to fund Star and Edison. I was wondering, Rich, if you could just walk us through -- you've brought in $5 billion of proceeds from the sale of the JV, where did all of that go that, in effect, there's only $2.2 billion of it left that you can redeploy in the Star and Edison, if you can help us with that. And then for Mark, you made a comment on the call here about what happens to your Variable Annuity business and its ability, I guess, to generate a lot of earnings, if markets rise. And that seems to me that you're overlooking what if interest rates don't. And you see an uptick in utilization of the lifetime benefits on the product from clients who like to use them for their income feature. Perhaps you could comment on that.
Colin Devine - Citigroup Inc: Mark utilization is not lapse to be fair utilization is starting the lifetime withdrawal. That's not a lapse.
