Mark B. Grier: This is Mark. Quickly on the first one, we're absolutely on-track with respect to the transactions and processes associated with de-thrifting, which isn't actually a word. But we anticipate the completion of that process on schedule this summer. In terms of the lessons from watching what's happened to Met, I don't want to comment specifically on line items, and there's been a lot of discussions picking at the different parts of the framework and the way questions get asked. But I'd just emphasize that our view all along has been that the basic banking-type approach to balance sheet and stress tests will not be appropriate to apply to an insurance business for a variety of reasons related to the nature of assets and liabilities and the way in which risk is actually realized. And also I'd add the long-duration nature of both sides of the balance sheet. And I think if we're learning a lesson, it's that, that hypothesis is right. That basic framework doesn't work very well. You wind up with the need to make a lot of exceptions and explain a lot of things that just don't make sense because there's an application of basic rules of the road that just don't fit very well with respect to the insurance business model versus the bank business model. We have filed comments in response to the Fed's NPRs consistent with that statement and consistent with what we've said all along, which is it's more important that we get this right and that we fight over the labels that get put on one company or another. And I continue to believe that, that's true. And we've provided pretty thoughtful discussion of the way in which we think the right framework differs from the pure cookie-cutter banking-type framework and looking at businesses like ours. And again, I would say if anything, we're learning that it really is true that it doesn't work very well. And then finally on the question of nonbank SIFI, we're part of the process. With respect to commenting on the latter, we continue to attempt to engage with respect to opportunities to educate and discuss our business models and the way in which risk comes through for us, and as a result of that, how we think we should be looking at solvency and stress test-type questions. And I expect that we'll have the opportunity as we go through the process to discuss both issue around whether or not we should be designated as a SIFI, and within that context, how we should be approached in terms of understanding the solvency measures and criteria.
Mark B. Grier: We certainly wouldn't be looking for standalone books, this is Mark. Just elaborate a little bit. I guess, if there were something in it incidental to a very compelling story, we'd have to think about it. But we're certainly not in the market to buy variable annuity books.
Mark B. Grier: Mark, let me answer that question more broadly, and then I'll come to the capital piece of it because I think it is important to elaborate on how -- why and how we have the conviction we do about our ROE aspirations, and capital's certainly one of the elements. When we talked about this in the past, we've been very consistent in saying there's really 3 things that are going to enable us to achieve our goals for ROE expansion. One is the superior business mix and the strong performance of our high ROE businesses. Second is the deal-related synergies in Star/Edison, and the third is the capital management. So let me -- by expanding slightly, let me just hit each of those 3 briefly, particularly in the context of where we are in this quarter. Superior business mix thesis holds. If you look at our international businesses, which now represent nearly 50% of our earnings, we had strong performance and exceptional fundamentals. If you think about our asset management businesses, we're feeling very, very good about that business as well. The variable component of revenue was less strong this quarter than it sometimes been and that will fluctuate. But in terms of the overall vital signs, investment performance, asset flows and revenue growth of base level fees, that business is doing very well and we have no different change in our thinking regarding the prospects for the return potential in that business. Annuities life, retirement, they're strong as well. So Group clearly has been unhelpful in its performance in recent times, and we recognize that. But we have to keep in mind, that business is the smallest of our reporting segments, which represents in a good year, 5% to 7% of our earnings. So that while we're very intent on fixing it, and I don't mean to minimize it at all. It's not driving our overall business mix element of the achievement of our ROE. The second piece, which I'll hit much more briefly is Star/Edison, you've heard from our comments that that's an important part of our retaining our ROE aspiration, and that holds absolutely true as well. And then the third piece that you specifically surfaced, Mark, was the capital management fees, and that's a combination of investing in our businesses, opportunistic M&A, returning -- also opportunistic divestitures, which you've seen us do as well, as well as returning shares to our -- returning cash to our shareholders as well. And it's a blend, and we continue to view it that way. So when I think of the overall picture and then taking expansive approach to your questions between the business mix and deal-related synergies on Star/Edison and the strong capital management, all 3 of those remain essential elements to what we aspire to do, and we're holding the course of our expectations and aspirations.
John Robert Strangfeld: I would say that with our highest daily value strategy that we are very comfortable with that and would not be, especially domestically, interested in acquiring any other VA block of business.
John Robert Strangfeld: Sure, we're happy to do that. Let me provide some overall context to the disability as well, and I'll talk little bit about life because I think they're very different issues. But over the past couple of years, the disability ratio has been moving up. But let me give you some context to previous years because the disability ratio was 86%, 87% and 89% in 2007, '08 and '09, respectively. In 2010, it did jump to 95%. We started to look at it then. We thought that in part, it was due to the economy. By the beginning of 2010, this was clearly on people's radar screen -- or by '11, excuse me, by the beginning of 2011. So by June of 2011, we had hired a consultant to review the pricing, the processes, the procedures, and in fact, are raising pricing. So the first point want make because I don't want people to think that we woke up yesterday and were surprised by the benefit ratio. We have had our eye on this for a while. Now we do think we can contribute part of this to the economy. That explanation is obviously getting a little bit long in the tooth. So again as part of your question, we're continuing to experience some of the same issues we've described before, especially on the long-term disability side, which is higher severity, higher incidence and lower terminations. And terminations -- the terminations that are occurring are for lower amounts resulting in smaller reserve releases. So what we've concluded is that we can't expect these results to self-correct totally on an improving economy. So we have been and remain in the process of repricing a book. Obviously, that won't happen overnight as cases are into 2 to 3 years. So it will take a while essentially for the lump to move through the snake but we've been working on this for a while. In addition, as John mentioned, we brought in Steve Pelletier, one of our most experienced managers, to run the business. And I think this says a lot about the seriousness with which we're taking the issue. So we've asked Steve to come in and re-examine everything, see if we missed something. So I hope you take away from this part of the explanation of our current performance is that we recognize that we have an issue and that we're dealing with it. But let me also talk about the life side of the business, which John touched on for a minute because this is a very, very different part of the equation. In this business, as you know, the benefit ratio tends to be seasonally weaker in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter. And as Mark said, this was certainly true in this quarter but to an even greater extent than we'd expect from a seasonal basis. We went from the benefit ratio in the fourth quarter that was the best in 5 years, to a benefit ratio in the first quarter was the worst in 5 years. And clearly, the composition of the block of business didn't change significantly in one quarter's time. And interestingly, over the longer term, the 5-year average benefit ratio for this business was just over 89%. So it's been reasonably steady over that 5-year period, which is to say that when you look at the experience in the first quarter, which is primarily for an increase in severity, not in incidence. And by the way, we've actually had the actuaries scrub this data. We don't see anything that will lead us to believe that there's anything but a one-off -- that this is anything but a one-off quarter, which would not imply a continuation of elevated benefit levels. Having said that, we're doing a lot introspection. And again, asked Steve to look to make sure that no stone's unturned in terms of looking at all the issues and make sure that our premise is correct. So that would be kind of the discussion of the 2 sides of the coin, if you will. And I hope that answers your question.
John Robert Strangfeld: Jay, this is John. Let me offer a couple of observations. One is, we made a decision back in 2009 to issue guidance once a year and then to neither affirm it or to update it. And we're going to stay the course of that approach. But having said that, while not putting a specific number on it. I would say that we think that the current quarter is not fully reflective of either our earnings power our business momentum. And just picking 3 things off of that. One is the group life experience that Charlie talked about. The second is the asset management variable revenue component. In the third is corporate and other and a couple of things that Rich mentioned. And just looked 3 specifically. I think it validates this concept of the current quarter is not reflective of earnings power of momentum.
Richard J. Carbone: That wasn't -- the REMI [ph] transaction only added to operating debt and it's going to be used to fund the operating needs throughout the year. It didn't add to capital debt. It was operating debt.
Richard J. Carbone: Well, the price increases have been in the low-double digits on average. I mean, you have some that are less than that, some that have more than that. And I think from the market's perspective, I think you're seeing a lot of people increase prices, so I think this is par for the course.
Richard J. Carbone: Sure, happy to do that. Basically it was a tough quarter-over-quarter comparison, right, on ITSICOM, because last year, we had a boost from gains on foreclosed real estate assets in the interim portfolio, which provide a significant amount of gains. And this year, we had a drag from valuation declines on certain properties in funds, especially in Europe and Asia, that was the main cause, and specific properties in a few funds. But I'd say, looking forward to the economic conditions in Europe are affecting valuations of property, which may continue to affect ITSICOM [ph] going forward. As John and Mark both have said, this is a volatile segment, and it will go up and down. We've reduced the size of the proprietary investing significantly, or strategic investing significantly over the past few years, but there's still inherent volatility. We still have some legacy investments that will go up and down. Having said that, the other thing I would mention is what John touched on originally, which is the quality of flows within the Asset Management segment. We experienced significant positive flows of $8.6 billion, $4.5 billion of which were Institutional. And $3.2 billion which were retail. The interesting thing about the retail said was about 50-50, fixed income and equity. I think what that reflects is, one, it's very good investment performance, but 2, our investment over the past few years in the retail business. So that's led us to 12 consecutive quarters of record AUM and record asset management fees going forward. So I think for the business, as a whole, it's doing reasonably well. But I think it's fair to say that we will experience and continue to experience a certain amount of volatility in ITSICOM. And part of that could be because of what's going on with Europe. We'll just wait and see.
Richard J. Carbone: Sure. Absolutely. On the full-service side, we're not seeing a lot of turnover -- plan turnover. So there's not a plan -- a lot of plans out there and we're still seeing a fair amount of price checking in the marketplace. So we're starting to see a few more RFPs, but we're not sure whether those are price checking or real. We'll wait and see on that. But you can really categorize the negative net flows of 4 different categories, and we look at this every single quarter and analyze it in detail what the negative flows have been. So let me give you some categories and some percentages. The first one would be M&A or bankruptcy, right? And 50% of our outflows were because of M&A and bankruptcy where we're just on the side of the acquiree not the acquirer, and so you lose the plan. The second would be relationship changes, and this is a smaller percentage, but we're a plan sponsor. If there's somebody new that comes in or a new consultant comes in, and they just want to make change of some sort. The third is interesting. The third is pricing and we talked about that. And 60% of the cases we lost were below our target range or our target return that we would like. Now obviously 60% and 50% that of the more than 110%. So some of the M&A cases we lost puts us in the guise better be lucky than smart. Some of those cases were below our target rate of return. But we really do look at that very, very carefully. And the fourth is frankly, there are a few cases and these were less than a handful of cases and a small percentage both in terms of number of cases and in terms of dollar amount, but there were a few cases we lost we would rather have kept. But at the end of the day, we ended up with a record AUM of $146 billion on the full-service side. Now part of that was due to market obviously, but we still feel pretty good about that. The other interesting point about the business in general is the change in business mix. So we also had record AUM on the Institutional investment side with almost $94 billion. So if you look at the mix, the IIT business went from 32% of the total of AUM a year ago to about 39% of the total AUM at the end of the first quarter. The IIT, the growth came from investment only stable value business, as well as our pension risk transfer both of which we think are growth businesses with good rates of return, going forward or target rates of return. So we're quite pleased about the business. We're keeping the discipline on the full-service side, and we think the mix, the change in mix of business is not all bad.
Richard J. Carbone: I don't think we gave target returns on any specific product. But don't forget that twice in 2009, we raised prices significantly. And as a result, our sales and I'll get the percentage a little bit wrong but our in 2010 by about 30% or so. As a result of that, we haven't really changed our pricing. And so competitors have come back to us, if you will, in terms of pricing, which makes us relatively more competitive in terms of sales. So we feel good about the returns we're getting. But it's not because we've had any recent price decreases in order to boost sales.
Richard J. Carbone: Yes, I think what we look for in this business as in other businesses is sustainable, profitable growth. And that the level of sales comes out of that. And we don't target necessarily a level of sales. If we think we need to raise prices and the sales comes downs a little bit, we will do that. But what we look for is an acceptable rate of profitability and the amount of sales comes out of that function.
Richard J. Carbone: I would say, again that, we'll look at the profitability of the product, and the sales will come out of that. So I don't want to predict any particular level of sales going forward one way or the other.
Edward P. Baird: Yes, Tom, this is Ed. This is an element of all of the above as you would imagine. As always seasonality is a factor, yes, you're right. Product mix, that's a factor, and there's probably more of that going on now than usual because you have the Star/Edison life consultants moving away from their old company products to the Gibraltar products, so you have a lot of that. And then you have the normal fluctuation that takes place on a book this size. So when we filter through all of those moving factors, we don't see anything going on there that's of the slightest concern to us, frankly. It's a very steady book of business, very consistent profitability, very comfortable with what's going on, particularly in light of the magnitude of change that's taking place, this is actually very minor.
Edward P. Baird: They're all done through Gibraltar, Tom. So POJ is not involved at all. And the way it works, just to take you inside the structure of it. We actually have a third company, which you're probably familiar with, we call it Prudential Gibraltar Financial, but it's part of the Gibraltar segment. So it operates as a separate company. All of our new business on banks is being done through that company, but it's all reported through Gibraltar; the Gibraltar subsidiary. POJ never has done any bank business. The reason that it may even be a question in your mind is that we have taken and consistently have taken life planners out of the POJ organization and have transferred them over to Gibraltar to be seconded to the banks. But that's the only connection between POJ and any of the bank business.
Edward P. Baird: Not so much within Gibraltar. There is -- that is a steady trend kind of across-the-board that you're referencing. And it's one of the reasons you see the average premium going up. I would say it's more a phenomenon driving details inside POJ, which as you see have, for several years now, in particular in this quarter, grown very steadily. It's not so much the growth in headcount, which as you see remains relatively small and yet you hit double-digit growth in sales. That's coming from the double-digit growth in the average premium. But in the Gibraltar side of it, it tends to be more on the traditional protection side, particularly over in the teachers association, which represents about half of it. And then inside the bank channel, you get a mix of both protection and retirement. You get a combination of the 2. The bank channel does remain, oh, about 80% insurance, very small portion of other products either A&H or annuity.
