Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 10, which provides insight into earnings for the second quarter of 2022 relative to our first quarter results. Pretax adjusted operating income in the first quarter was $1.6 billion, and resulted in earnings per share of $3.17 on an after-tax basis. To get a sense of how our second quarter results might develop, we suggest adjustments for the following items: first, variable investment income outperformed expectations in the first quarter by $275 million; next, we adjust underwriting experience by a net $165 million. This adjustment includes a placeholder for COVID-19 claims experienced in the second quarter of $40 million for our U.S. businesses based on 25,000 COVID-19-related fatalities in the U.S. and a placeholder of $25 million for our international businesses. While we have provided this placeholder for COVID-19-related claims experience, the actual impact will depend on a variety of factors such as infection and fatality rates, geographic and demographic mix and the effectiveness of vaccines; and last, we expect other items to be $95 million lower in the second quarter, primarily as a result of completing the sales of both our full service retirement business and a block of legacy variable annuities. These items combined get us to a baseline of $2.75 per share for the second quarter. I'll note that if you exclude items specific to the second quarter, earnings per share would be $2.91. A modest decline from recent quarters, primarily from the completed sales of businesses, and the proceeds from these sales will provide flexibility for future capital deployment. I would also note a few other items: first, due to the rise in interest rates, we no longer anticipate a reduction in net investment income from portfolio reinvestment. The benefit from a rising rate environment on our investment income compounds over time as we reinvest our portfolio. However, the reductions in assets under management and related income and our fee-based businesses occurs more immediately. In addition, as a result of our derisking actions, the sensitivity of our adjusted operating income to markets will be reduced by approximately 20% on an annual basis. We also expect to report a gain on the sale of the legacy variable annuity block and adjusted operating income in the second quarter. Impacts from the annual review of actuarial and economic assumptions will also be reported in the second quarter. In accordance with our established practice, we have a comprehensive process that will include, among other things, the review of long-term interest rates, inflation, COVID mortality experience and updated industry data that may impact our assumptions. And finally, as a result of new foreign tax credit regulations, we are expecting an effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 23% for 2022. While we have provided these items to consider, please note there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 11. We continue to maintain a robust capital position and adequate sources of funding. Our capital position continues to support a AA financial strength rating, and we have substantial sources of funding. Our cash and liquid assets were $3.6 billion and within our $3 billion to $5 billion liquidity target range. And other sources of funds include free cash flow from our businesses, proceeds from divested businesses and contingent capital facilities. Turning to Slide 12 and in summary. We are executing on our plans to reposition our businesses. We are on track to achieve our targeted cost savings and our rock solid balance sheet provides financial flexibility to execute on our transformation and thoughtfully deploy capital. Now, I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Erik, it's Ken. I'll start off on sort of the financial implications. And you're right, we do have a pretty established and, we think, a very effective hedging program. But first, it's important to know that of our -- because of the success of us in the Japan market with U.S. dollar products, a substantial portion of our reserves and our assets backing those reserves are U.S. dollar-denominated. And that in combination with the fact that as a Japanese company, our expenses are almost exclusively denominated in yen. The combination of that results in our income from our Japan business being mostly -- nearly all of our U.S. -- our income in Japan is U.S. dollar denominated. What income we have denominated in yen, we hedged over three years. And we have a net equity capital hedge position as well. So, it's a long-established hedging approach, and we think it performs well, both from an accounting and economic standpoint.
Ken Tanji: Yes, Tom. Yes, we did issue $1 billion of hybrid debt is actually early in the quarter and before the rise in rates and before the spreads widened out. So we're happy with that execution. And that's part of our process to prefund upcoming debt that we would like to either -- that's either maturing or we're going to call. And we do have about $1 billion of hybrid debt that's going to be callable in September. So, we sort of earmarked that $1 billion for that purpose. Liquid assets at the holding company will fluctuate due to timing. Typically, that's within our $3 billion to $5 billion target. But in the first quarter, as is in typical with most first quarters for us, subsidiary dividends and cash flow were low, and then they tend to be greater in the second part of the year. And so, part of that is just timing. But we also did make a capital contribution to a new reinsurance subsidiary that we have -- that we've established in Bermuda in the first quarter. And that will give us the ability to reinsure policies from PICA, our U.S. insurance company to that new subsidiary, to give us more economic reserving and greater capital efficiency over time. So, over time, it was -- it did require some capital to initially fund -- but over time, we feel good about that in terms of giving us much more balance sheet efficiency going forward? And then also just keep in mind, we did receive $4 billion from the sale of full service and PALAC in April.
Ken Tanji: Yes. We initially capitalized it with $800 million. So that was the amount of initial capital that we put in. And although it's a requirement now, it's actually going to provide capital efficiency in the future. So you can think about that as a net positive to our capital efficiency over time.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Suneet, this is Ken. We've very well capitalized and reserved our business, and we have a highly effective hedging program. And that has been very effective of mitigating market impacts, both from equity markets and interest rates. And so, -- and it continues -- it was continued to be very effective in the quarter. So no change there.
Ken Tanji: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Yes. The long-term interest rates and our assumptions are something that we do look at in our assumption updates annually. We do that by looking at multiple perspectives sort of from an array of economists and banks and asset managers. We also look at the forward curve, which as you know, has increased recently. And we set our assumption kind of close to the median of that. And also with our assumption update, inflation has risen. We factor near-term inflation into our reserve setting as well as for long-term inflation as well. And then part of our assumption update will obviously cover mortality and other policyholder behavior as well, including not just our own experience, but anything we get in terms of new data from other sources in the industry. We did recently receive a new industry study that indicates experience is more adverse in some of our assumptions of our U.S. life insurance business. We're evaluating this information and its applicability to our business. And to the extent that it would cause an increase in reserves or a decline in earnings. So, that -- all that work is underway, it will conclude later in the quarter, and that will be part of what we report in the second quarter.
Ken Tanji: Initially, we're going to use it for reinsuring some of our in-force business, but we are gaining experience in Bermuda and our ability to use it -- we will be considering strategies, potentially, for flow in the future.
Ken Tanji: Alex, it's Ken. Yes, our traditional -- we've -- we're no longer issuing traditional variable annuities. So it is running off. And after our -- the sale of about 20% of our block of business with PALAC, it will continue to run off at about $3 billion a quarter is what you saw in the quarter. So, you can kind of think about that as kind of $12 billion to $15 billion a year, and that's about an 8% runoff a year. So that, combined with the PALAC business that was 20%, that over time will get us very close to our objective to reducing our income from traditional variable annuities, and having said that, we would think about other ways to do that as well.
Ken Tanji: Yes, Alex. Yes, long-term care is probably where that's most relevant in terms of inflation. We have factored in inflation, obviously, into our reserves including increases in near term, it's -- long-term inflation would be where it's more sensitive. We have provided some of those sensitivities. So -- and overall, we think it's very manageable for us.
Ken Tanji: Yes. The charge that we took in the fourth quarter was relevant to the environment at the end of the fourth quarter. We again did a qualitative review of our -- the value of our insurance goodwill and assurance, and we did not need any further impairment. So that's where that stands.
Andy Sullivan: Sure. Eric, it's Andy. As we've discussed in the past, PGIM flows are going to vary from quarter-to-quarter, and we're very focused and stay focused on our long-term track record. We're very proud of the fact that 18 of the last 19 years, we've had positive third-party flows. In the first quarter, we did experience $4.3 billion in net outflows. It was a challenging quarter for the fixed income U.S. mutual fund industry in general, and we were similarly affected. We saw $4.6 billion of retail outflows, almost entirely driven by retail investor repositioning out of fixed income. On the institutional side, we saw a positive $300 million driven by flows into public fixed income and real estate. We continue to think this is a good proof of our diversification. And on the institutional side, we see algorithms actually positioning into fixed income given the rising rate environment. As we step back, our long-term track record remains very strong. We saw $55 billion in flows between 2017 and 2021, with $27 billion of that being on the retail side. That being said, we do think it's fair to expect continued pressure on the retail fixed income industry as the rates and spreads continue to rise, but that's a near-term effect. As Rob said upfront, higher rates are good after the transitory period for the fixed income business. We're very confident in the fact that we have the right products, the right strategies, exceptional long-term investment performance and great distribution and will be a net winner over time. One thing I wanted to add today, when we talk about flows is more around the private business that Rob talked about given that those are higher fee rate businesses. We continue to benefit from a very strong market for real estate and private credit. We were able to put $9.6 billion to work in the first quarter across real estate at PGIM Private Capital raise another $1.8 billion. So, we are confident in PGIM and confident in a long-term track record.
Andy Sullivan: Sure, John. It's Andy. So our admin expense ratio for the quarter was 15.6%. That was almost a 4% improvement from Q4, but was basically flat from Q1 of last year. I would just keep in mind, fourth quarter was elevated by some one-time compensation expenses, so there's some seasonality effects going on. We are starting to see the beginnings of our core expense improvement of impacting our businesses. When I think about that, I would say the expense saves are more attributable to the overall expense work. The incidents and severity in the business remain elevated, even though they have started to come back towards normal, they remain elevated, and we maintain the higher level of staffing in both our claim and our call centers. So, we would expect that the admin ratio will stay elevated for the remainder of the year.
Andy Sullivan: So, John, it's Andy. So, we -- maybe let me talk about the current quarter and then I'll go into looking forward. So, as you're aware, this is a very transaction-oriented business. And first quarter tends to be light, and that's kind of what we saw with the industry. We think the first quarter was somewhere around $5.3 billion. We were very pleased, as Rob said, that we did two deals for $700 million. Overall, as we look forward for the rest of the year, we believe it's going to be a strong year, and I think the overall industry level should clock in around $40 billion. The fact is, funded status hit a record high in February of 102%. And if you add on top of that, the rise in rates and then the volatile environment that we're in, all of that bolsters sponsors' desire and proclivity to transact. So this is a big market that it has become more competitive, but we know that we could pick our spots and be disciplined and net-net, will grow over time.
Andy Sullivan: Yes. Elyse, it's Andy. We very much obviously like the improvement that we saw in the disability business this quarter. It was our best benefit ratio since 2018 at 73.4%. I would frame this as what we've seen in disability, it continues to behave as we would expect and what we have been preparing for. And you always need to split this into the two different impacts. The one impact on the absence and STD side, on that side, we do continue to see a very high level of COVID-related claims. That, in general, turns into the need for the elevated staffing and claim and call. And because those are fee-oriented businesses, it shows up in our more from an elevated admin ratio perspective. We're going to stay the course on that staffing because being there for our customers is critically important in job one. On the long-term disability side, as I mentioned earlier, we are beginning to see both incidents and severity trend back downward in the business. You'll recall the previous two quarters both of those were up about 10% in Q3 and Q4. But on top of that, our claims teams are also experiencing very good claims resolutions. And what we're hearing from our claims managers is the combination of very low unemployment at 3.8% and wage inflation accelerating, there's a strong desire for claimants to get back to the productive workforce. So, in all, we're very pleased with the claims team's performance, and we're obviously happy to see the beginnings of an improvement in the environment.
Charlie Lowrey: Sure. So, we can't control the markets, but this is -- we look at it as both a numerator and a denominator issue. And we're continuing to make progress on both -- through both the acquisitions we've made, the four acquisitions we've made over the past year and the dispositions that we just completed. And so, you've seen that we've made progress with the four acquisitions and the two major dispositions. And we'll continue to execute on the strategy. We have a sense of urgency. We're going to make progress as we go forward, and we'll make progress in both ways.
Charlie Lowrey: Yes. Sure. So as I hope you've seen, we are operating with a sense of urgency, right? Speed is important, but we don't have a specific time ban per se. So, we're going to remain prudent stewards of capital, as we've said, and continue to evaluate programmatic acquisitions. But as we've also said and as we've done in the past, we'll return capital to shareholders if we can't find the appropriate opportunities over time. So, we're going to continue on our process. But as you've seen, we have returned capital to shareholders, and we'll continue to operate in that fashion.
Charlie Lowrey: All right. Thank you very much, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to make significant progress on repositioning our business mix and advancing our cost savings program to transform Prudential into a higher growth, less market-sensitive and more nimble company. We're confident this strategy will help us deliver an even more meaningful difference in the lives of our customers and sustain value for our shareholders, while enabling us to fulfill our vision of becoming a global leader in expanding access to investing, insurance and retirement security. Thanks again for your time today.
