Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin on Slide 8 which provides insight into the earnings for first quarter 2020 relative to our fourth quarter 2019 results. We begin with pretax adjusted operating income in the fourth quarter which was $1.2 billion and resulted in earnings per share of $2.33 on an after-tax basis. Then we adjust for the following items. First, in the fourth quarter we had favorable variable investment income driven by equity market performance and prepayment income which was a benefit of $135 million. Second, the first quarter is expected to have lower seasonal expenses and implementation costs, which will result in a net benefit of $435 million or $0.85 per share and is comprised of two items. The fourth quarter included $160 million of seasonally higher expenses and $365 million of implementation costs including the impact from the voluntary separation program. As indicated in the 8-K filing on December 17, we expect implementation costs of $175 million in 2020 with about 20 million of these costs in the first quarter. And long-term compensation expense for retiree eligible employees is recognized when awards are granted, which is typically in the first quarter of each year. In the first quarter of 2020 we expect this expense to be about $70 million split between PGIM and corporate and other. These items net to $0.85 per share. Third, there are other considerations that we expect will have a $20 million more favorable impact in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. And fourth, we anticipate net investment income will be reduced by $10 million assuming reinvestment rates are held flat with the fourth-quarter. Combined, this gets us to a baseline of $2.95 per share for the first quarter of 2020 before including the impact of share repurchases, business growth, and market impacts in 2020. The baseline also includes items specific to the first quarter that reduces EPS by approximately $0.15 per share. While we have provided these items to consider, there may be other factors that affect earnings per share in the first quarter of 2020. I'd also like to bring your attention to a few additional items that are included in the appendix. On Slide 18 we have provided additional information that shows the adjusted operating income roll forward by business. And on Slide 19 we've provided updated information regarding seasonal items by business. In addition, we have included some other considerations for 2020 on Slide 21 regarding corporate and other net costs, the yen foreign exchange rate, and the effective tax rate. Now turning to Slide 9, I'll provide an update on capital deployment, liquidity and leverage. We feel very good about the overall strength of our capital position. We've returned $900 million to shareholders during the fourth quarter through dividends and share repurchases, which were largely funded by the cash flows generated by our businesses. On December 19, we announced the Board's authorization for the repurchase of the 2 billion of common stock in 2020. In addition, we increased the first quarter dividend to $1.10 per share which represents a 10% increase from our dividend in the fourth quarter of 2019 and a 4.4% yield on our adjusted book value. We also continue to maintain a rock solid balance sheet. Our regulatory capital ratios continued to be above our AA financial strength targets and our financial leverage ratio remains better than our target. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company were $4.1 billion at the end of the quarter and at the midpoint of our $3 billion $5 billion liquidity target range. We will continue to invest in the growth of our businesses, assess acquisition opportunities to build scale or gain capabilities, and return capital to shareholders. Turning to Slide 10 and in summary, we had numerous accomplishments in 2019. We are focused on executing our key initiatives in 2020 leading to greater earnings in 2021. Now, I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Yes Nigel, this is Ken. I'll just add, you know I know there has been some questions about the ROA. You know, our primary objective with the profitability of our annuity business is to achieve a high ROE and our variable annuity business is very profitable and that is evident by the higher ROE that is in the high teens and that high ROE reflects your unique product design, our robust risk management, and disciplined pricing. And our hedging program is highly effective and it results in very stable earnings capital and cash flow even with significant market moves. So as a result, our earnings capital and cash flow will be less sensitive to markets than the account values and ROA may move as market moves, but our - again our earnings capital and cash flow will be stable and ROA is simply an outcome. Though the decline in rates and the increase in equity markets, while it had an increase in account values, had a less meaningful impact on our earnings, again due to our robust risk management.
Ken Tanji: Yes, sur. So maybe just a little bit of reflection of our capital management and shareholder distribution philosophy that's been very consistent over time and it starts with our free cash flow, which is about 65% of after-tax earnings, this year a little bit better than that. And this we then distribute in both the forms of dividends and share repurchases. Our dividends have increased actually 12 years in a row now and if you looked at the average increased over the last five years, it's been 11%. And now that dividend represents as I mentioned in my opening comments of 4.4% yield on book value. Our board has also authorized 2 billion of share repurchases for 2020. So generally a very consistent approach to our shareholder distributions which balances both dividends and returns of excess capital through share repurchases.
Ken Tanji: Yes, sure. So the sensitivity that we gave to interest rates of 50 basis points at $0.30 that's still good. So that rough rule of thumb and do you apply it I think that still is appropriate. Our new money yields in the second half of the year were about 3.65% and you can think of that relative to our – and that's in the U.S. relative to our U.S. portfolio yield of about 4.2%.
Ken Tanji: The only thing I'd add there is, as you heard from Andy describe, this business is in a very high growth phase and we were not expecting meaningful earnings in the near term or in 2020 as a result. And so, it is early days and we will report this information to you each quarter and just as Andy indicated, just a reminder that is a seasonal business primarily fourth quarter loaded.
Ken Tanji: Yes, the statutory filings will come out at the end of the month. And so yes, that will include our updated cash flow testing or acid adequacy testing. You'll see those results when we report them. What I offer you now is, given lower rates, we would expect some strengthening in our ATT reserves or cash flow testing. But we have derivative games or interest rate hedges that offset that and we expect to have RBC ratios that are above our AA financial strength objectives.
Ken Tanji: Yes, no, I didn't mean to say no earnings. I said not meaningful earnings, again, because of the high growth nature of the phase that they're going through.
Andy Sullivan: So Nigel, thanks for your question. This is Andy. There's really two major impacts that we're seeing in the annuities business. one, as you pointed out is the outflow. That really is coming from we're being very disciplined in our pricing of product and in our return on new sales. And if you look back where we had some pretty sizable blocks back in the 2010 to 2012 range, so that's creating that outflow. The other thing I would point to though is, as that business is rolling across it surrender period, we are seeing business go to lower fee tiers and getting fee pressure from that effect.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, so Andrew it's Andy, thanks for your question. So we would consider our actions are expected in the fourth quarter as in line with our expectations, the results was 103% and I would encourage you to think of – there was a quarter around that 100 plus or minus a couple of percent. So that – we really that's in line. As far as you referenced the assumption of dates, we're seeing that our business performance has been consistent with the updates that we made in the second quarter. Shifting over to the new business sales, we are very, very, pleased with the performance of sales in the Individual Life business as you cited it. Best quarter in five years. We're probably even more pleased that reverses the absolute level in the mix of sales. The mix has shifted pretty meaningfully away from guaranteed Universal Life which obviously is highly interest rate sensitive and over to where almost half of the sales are variable life which has much, much less sensitivity changes rates. So, I'm pleased with what we're seeing. The success is really coming from, we have a very, very strong brand name. We believe our product portfolio is very strong and our distribution system is top notch. 
Andy Sullivan: So maybe, Tom, this is Andy. I'll start and then I'll had it off to ken. So as you would imagine these are early days to just closed the acquisition in October, but I'll tell you there is a lot of things that we're excited about. We are – as we sit here today even more excited about the strategic growth potential of this business? You know, in the fourth quarter we saw very, very strong consumer demand flow across the platform. We saw 6.5 million shoppers and just to define that for you. We define a shopper as an individual that has an absolute to buy a financial service product and that is willing to share their contact information with us. So we saw 6.5 million shoppers across the platform in 4Q. That is compared against 3.5 million in the year ago quarter, so we're very pleased with the level of consumer flow and consumer demand. A very positive for us on that is we have product providers literally lining of every shape and size that want to go ahead and get on the platform. So, from a revenue potential perspective, we - are strong as we were. We are in – kind of where we're focused right now is getting those additional products on to the platform. As far as your number is around revenue, yes, our revenue for the year came in just North of $300 million, and really what I would tell you there is, we had a lot more consumer demand than we had appointed agents, call it capacity on the platform and we learned some lessons in the quarter around the effort and energy and time line it takes to get the Medicare Advantage and under 65 healthcare agents on to the platform. I will tell you that we are already well underway in getting those agents appointed for 4Q of 2020. Now that's a completely rectifiable situation and we are well out in front of it.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, Ryan this is Andy. So I would broaden your question and say we're taking a number of actions to strengthen the performance of our life business. First and foremost, we are working diligently on expense efficiencies. And you can think about that in the context of the broader work going on at the company and the €500 million in outcomes we expect over the next couple years. We already talked about the sales, which we think is a meaningful – will be a meaningful contributor to giving earnings left over time in the business. And then yes, you are correct. We have been looking at options and we'll continue to look at options from a reinsurance perspective – with the block. And what we're looking for there, obviously is the right partner, and the right terms that make economic sense for us. There's nothing currently that we want to report, but we'll keep you posted as we go forward.
Andy Sullivan: So, Suneet it’s Andy, I'll take your question. Conversion rate is a very complex topic. So it very much depends on the product mix that's on the platform. And as we talked about, we are in a phase of rapidly looking out – looking to roll new products onto the platform. So the conversion rates that we're currently experiencing are going to change quite a bit with that product mix shift, as well as, as you can imagine, with the shopper demand we had, but the mismatch with our agent capacity, our conversion was lower than we would expect going forward. At this point, we're not going to put out explicit numbers, but hopefully that gives you a way to think about it.
Andy Sullivan: Yes, so it absolutely is one of our primary objectives. We have been working diligently to get our simply Term Life product onto the platform. We are ahead of schedule on those plans and we will get that product on the platform in the second quarter of this year. And we're very encouraged with our brand name and the quality of our products that that will give both Assurance and obviously, Mother Prudential some lift.
Andy Sullivan: So, John, this is Andy, I'll take that question. So what I would tell you is in the short term, with all the flux that's been going on, we haven't seen any meaningful change or lift. I would kind of frame it as, in many ways the marketplace is a bit hunkered down. So as an example, on the real estate side, we haven't seen a whole lot of capital fundraising and deployment. We are absolutely ready. No matter how that plays out we have licenses in all the right places and people in all the right places to continue not only serving our current clients, but to capitalize on potential opportunities if and when the dust settles.
Andy Sullivan: So yes, this is Andy, Humphrey. So, we are very pleased and proud of the retail flows that we saw as I think Rob mentioned in his opening. We moved up to number seven in the quarter. The retail flows are really coming from an expansion of our product portfolio on that platform, as well as the work that we've done around usage. From an outflow perspective, what I would say is that will tend to be episodic. And I think over the long term, we feel very, very good that due to our investment performance and our range of strategies that we will see a continued upward trend over time.
A – Andy Sullivan: We're going to adopt on the effective date, which is January 01, 2020. But it reminds you that, we made big structural changes that were very much aligned with the new reform many years ago. So we're well positioned and expect to be very well capitalized before the reform and after the reform.
A – Andy Sullivan: Yes, sure, our 8-K that we filed, we gave some information of our belief of the progression of the saves. They were modest in 2019. And we provided an estimate for 2020. That $140 million would be realized in the P&L in the year. Those results you can expect to build as we go through the year. And you can expect to see them emerge with primarily in the U.S. businesses and in corporate, but throughout those businesses, but again, because it's a company, it's a U.S. business wide program.
A – Andy Sullivan: Only what was accomplished through 2019 or the first or the fourth quarter, and then any future improvement, whether it's from business growth or share repurchases or additional expenses, incremental expenses would not be included in that baseline. That's all in the future.
Charles Lowrey: The answer is yes. So what we mean is what we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But let me take a step back for a moment and make a more general comment on how we think about capital in particular, the optimization of our capital, which I think we've been doing for years. So we always look across our businesses both domestically and internationally to ensure that we're optimizing capital deployment. And when we see attractive opportunities, you've seen us invest in growth and make acquisitions. And you've also seen us scale back our liquid divestitures over the years when they are better uses of capital. And then put that capital to use either in growing the franchise or if there aren't opportunities, returning it to shareholders. So we'll continue to look for ways to optimize capital deployment and to maximize outcomes for our shareholders, whether that be in investing in new business opportunities which again, you've seen us do or return capital to shareholders.
Charles Lowrey: And I'm pretty, I would just add on the institutional side that, those flows can be a little bit lumpy. And we saw a couple of clients who wanted to consolidate this year, and sometimes we're the beneficiary of consolidation, sometimes we're not and a couple of dominoes, tilted against us this year. But that doesn't affect how we think about our institutional capability or the quality of flows that we can have going forward.
Charles Lowrey: Okay, thank you very much. So in closing, I hope you all walk away from this call with a clear picture of our progress and priorities, our continued sense of conviction and urgency and our path forward to deliver meaningful outcomes for all of our stakeholders including investors. So thanks again for joining us today and have a nice day.
