Ken Tanji: Thanks, Rob. Slide 9 includes the notable items which had an impact on adjusted operating results in the current quarter. We highlight these items because they may not be indicative of future performance. In total, these 3 items reduced pretax earnings by $10 million or $0.02 per share. Excluding the notable items, earnings per share would be $3.02, relatively consistent with the year ago quarter. First, variable investment income, which includes non-coupon and prepayment income was about $100 million below long-term expectations. This reflects the 1 quarter lag effect of private equity returns and lower-than-expected prepayment fee income partially offset by higher-than-expected hedge fund returns. Second, equity market appreciation in the current quarter resulted in a $70 million of favorable adjustment to certain -- to the recognition of certain benefits and costs primarily associated with variable annuities and variable life policies. And third, underwriting experience was inline with our seasonal expectations and reflects the benefit of our complementary mortality and longevity profile as highlighted on Page 22 in the appendix. Regarding our quarterly earnings pattern, I would also like to highlight a couple of additional items also included in the appendix that impacted current quarter results. Long-term compensation expense for retiree eligible employees is recognized when awards are granted, which is primarily in the first quarter of each year. This resulted in about $30 million of expense in corporate and other and $30 million -- $35 million of expense in PGIM. In addition, certain deferred compensation and long-term employee compensation plans are based on Prudential's stock and equity market performance. Market appreciation in the current quarter exceeded our expectations and resulted in an incremental expense of $50 million primarily in corporate and other. In total, these 2 items reduced pretax earnings by $120 million or $0.22 per share. I would also like to highlight a concentration of annual premiums in our International Insurance operation results in an earnings pattern that favors the first quarter. We estimate that this benefited the current quarter results by about $55 million. Turning to slide 10. I'll provide an update on capital deployment, liquidity and leverage. We returned $915 million to shareholders during the current quarter through dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased $500 million of shares through our $2 billion share repurchase authorization for 2019. In addition, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend per share by 11%. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $5.5 billion at the end of the quarter, consistent with year-end 2018 and higher than our $3 billion to $5 billion liquidity target range. We also maintained a strong balance sheet. Our regulatory capital ratios continue to be above our AA financial strength targeted levels and our financial leverage ratio remains better than our target. Turning to slide 11 and in summary, our market-leading global businesses with complementary capabilities are providing integrated financial wellness solutions to more customers. We generated a strong adjusted operating return on equity along with a record adjusted book value per share and continued underlying growth across a number of our businesses, and we distributed $915 million to shareholders and maintained a robust capital and liquidity position with financial flexibility. Now I'll turn it to the operator for your questions.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. So Jimmy, this is Ken. We're in the early days of adopting those new accounting methods, and it's too early to provide any guidance. Overall, we're working our way through it, and our objective is to, in the end, be able to provide clear measures of our fundamental business performance that's in line with the economics that are appropriate for our business mix. So, it's still very early days, too early for us to comment on directional impact.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. So overall, we feel very good about our position in terms of capital and highly liquid assets at the holding company. The liquid assets were flat from year-end. We did issue $1 billion of debt, and that is really to position us well for a pre-funding of debt that matures in the second quarter. We did have cash flow come into the holding company from our businesses that pay dividends quarterly and regularly, and that was from annuities and PGIM, which are nice, stable fee businesses that we have on -- providing dividends on a quarterly and regular basis. And then we tend to have the dividends from our insurance operations in the second half of the year. So our businesses are generating solid cash flow, and support -- will support our plans for shareholder distributions as we go through the year.
Ken Tanji: That's right. And over time actually, you've seen our leverage trending down, and that's reflective of the strong cash flow nature of our business.
Ken Tanji: And I'll just add. This is Ken. Overall, we've been very disciplined and consistent in our approach to managing our operating expense resources and that reflects a combination of taking actions to gain significant efficiencies across the company by creating centers of excellence, pulling together functions to gain efficiency, and improving quality and improving systems and implementing automation. And those savings and efficiencies allowed us to, at the same time, increase resources to the initiatives that Steve just described to you in building data, digital customer service and customer engagement capabilities and expanding our PGIM business globally. So, if you looked across the surface at our operating expense, you'd see a pretty stable outlook modestly growing and growing at a rate below our earnings growth and expanding margins but, at the same time, being able to invest into the capabilities that Steve described.
Ken Tanji: Yes. There was really kind of two pieces to that and I think it's important to distinguish between them. The retiree-eligible piece means that if you're a retiree-eligible, the accounting requires that we expense that when it's granted even though it is paid out over a -- typically over a three-year period. And that was $70 million; $35 million in PGIM, $35 million in Corporate, but that's not market-sensitive. That's going to occur in the first quarter when their grants are typically made, and that occurred this quarter and it occurred in prior quarters as well. So it's more of a seasonal timing of expense than market-related. On the market-related piece which was $50 million and primarily in Corporate, you can think of that as having our compensation plans tied to the performance either of our stock and aligned -- aligning management's interest in that. Or to the extent people defer compensation and linking it to market indexes, it would experience fluctuation with those markets. In the first quarter, that was $50 million and our stock price improved by 13% and the S&P improved by 13%. So you can sort of calibrate $50 million to a 13% change in both of those components.
Ken Tanji: Yes. It will as market moves. And if you look to the fourth quarter, you saw it in the opposite direction actually to a more sizable degree.
Ken Tanji: Yes. There's a timing consideration. We do think it's important to align management's interest with the performance of the stock and that -- the accounting for that is appropriately recognized immediately and then the fees will occur over time. So over time, we think obviously, the equity markets are a very positive thing for our underlying earnings power and you should expect to see that in the subsequent quarters.
Ken Tanji: Well, yeah, again, we feel really good about our capital position and our cash flow. It's been a pretty consistent picture of us generating good cash flow from our businesses, using that in a combination of ways. One, first, is to grow our businesses in attractive opportunities such as pension risk transfer. We have also had the opportunity to reduce leverage, and that also provides a source of financial flexibility for us. So overall, we feel real good about our capital position. It's been very consistent. We've been increasing our shareholder distributions in line with our earnings and as we generate cash flow. And we -- I think you should expect that to continue.
Ken Tanji: Yeah. We're still going through that. As you know, we do that in the second quarter. We're still doing our work, and we don't -- we prefer not to preview that on this call.
Ken Tanji: No. I think it's just -- the way to think about it is typical volatility, less tied to rate environments and more tied around the financing needs of the borrowers, and that's typically tied to some transactions or strategies that are underlying their businesses. So the change has been very typical, and if you looked at that -- as we look at that over time, it tends to be above and below our expectations on a fairly consistent basis, and so we see what happened this quarter is just typical.
Ken Tanji: Yes. This is Ken. Last year, I'll remind you that we did have the impact of tax reform and that led to a strengthening of our capital position in Prudential Insurance Company of America, our flagship U.S. insurance company. And so we didn't take a dividend from that business last year, but we would expect to this year in ordinary course, as well as having the diversity of our cash flows from our other businesses with PGIM generating cash flow, quarterly annuities generating cash flow quarterly and our international businesses, particularly in Japan, also with a source of cash flow at the typical levels, which will vary over time and certainly quarter-to-quarter, but it's about 65% of after-tax earnings.
Steve Pelletier: Erik, it's Steve. I'll address your question. We look at the pension risk transfer pipeline for the -- for this year as still quite solid. The decline in interest rates has impacted funding levels in plans on an aggregate basis. However, we still see the need for the solution as being quite strong and we still see a very solid opportunity set before us in regard to companies that have already taken steps to hedge or mitigate their exposure to capital markets movements. So we still see a pretty solid pipeline. This is on the U.S. funded side that I'm speaking about, and we feel very good about our opportunities to compete with the net opportunity set. On the unfunded side, the longevity reinsurance side, the U.K. business, we actually see a very strong pipeline. We reported in the aggregate $1.1 billion in PRT flows this quarter. That was $400 million in funded business and $700 million in longevity reinsurance. Also, since the beginning of the second quarter, we publicly announced another couple of billion dollars in longevity reinsurance, and we expect the demand to stay pretty strong on that front for the balance of the year as companies look to manage their risk in this area ahead of Brexit considerations.
Steve Pelletier: Yes. That would still be the case, Erik. For quite some time, we've been able to write this business at a return level that is consistent with our corporate objectives, actually in the low-double-digits on an unlevered basis, so quite consistent with our corporate objectives. There are certain instances in which we might choose due to the risk characteristics of a certain piece of business to make that into the very high-single-digits. But by-and-large, we do this business at our target levels that are quite consistent with our corporate return objectives.
Steve Pelletier: Tom, it's Steve. I'll address your question. Thanks for it. You're right in making the observation that, by and large, we've seen flows into fixed income and outflows on the equity side. That's been the case for the past about several quarters, largely in the face of the active to passive trend, especially in equities. Although generally speaking, we've seen that -- we've seen the pressure on our equity flows moderate in the course of 2018, say. Our equity performance as well as our fixed income performance remains very strong. We see a good pipeline of mandates. So, based on the observation that at the end of the day investment performance really is the beginning of the virtuous cycle in the asset management business. We remain very confident in our ability to continue to generate flows in certainly fixed income and equities as well. In regard to revenue yield, I would say that our flows into fixed income have been into, relatively speaking, higher fee-yielding strategies. That's been especially true over the past, say, year and a half to two years. And so we have been able -- even in the face of some equity outflows and strong fixed income inflows, we've been able to maintain that 22 basis point fee level for some period now. That remains quite stable and we expect it to be so. I'd also just make the final observation that while all of our businesses are at scale with PGIM, the scale characteristics of our fixed income business are especially strong. So, when we attract flows into that business, it bodes well for our operating margin in the business.
Steve Pelletier: Suneet, I would address it. We've spoken before about our initiative spendings overall as a company. The Financial Wellness spend is a meaningful portion of that, but we have not broken that out as a separate matter. I would say that a fair amount of the spend is visible in our retirement and group businesses kind of concentrating on the top of the client engagement funnel, if you will. That's where people come into the Financial Wellness experience, through group and retirement. So, when you see some pick up in expenses -- in G&A expenses in those businesses, a significant portion of that is due to the Financial Wellness effort. In regard to the returns, we're realizing on it. We're actually very pleased in the areas that Rob outlined in his opening comments. We definitely see that momentum on the top -- at the top of the funnel. The very strong momentum in our full-service sales and in our group sales over the past couple of years is directly attributable to the Financial Wellness effort and Rob highlighted those numbers in his comments. And we see very strong beginnings of engagement of individuals with the Financial Wellness experience. Lots of different numbers I could cite from Rob's presentation, but in particular, I'd speak to the 8 million people who are now accessible -- who can now access the digital Financial Wellness portal through the 3,100 employers that have activated that portal. And we see the beginnings of very solid engagement, engagement with the digital properties that are in the portal, with the digital properties that are being introduced across the Financial Wellness platform, in particular LINK and some of the other capabilities that Rob mentioned. We see very solid engagement with those capabilities. We see people completing the kind of learning experiences and needs-based analysis that is embedded in that experience. And over time, we like the prospects for this resulting in individuals who come to us via the Financial Wellness portal engagement with our solutions, with our individual solutions as well, investment solutions, retirement solutions, and insurance solutions. I will emphasize that those individual-based revenues will emerge over an extended period of time, but all of the metrics that we're tracking and we'll talk more about this on Investor Day in June, all of the metrics we're tracking lead us to feel that this initiative is well on track in terms of achieving those outcomes for individuals and their employers.
Steve Pelletier: Humphrey, it's Steve. I’ll address your question and in doing so, I'll echo some of the comments I made earlier. We do see some solid pipeline in front of us across multiple asset classes, in particular in fixed income but also in equities as well. And with the performance -- investment performance that we're generating, with the build-out that we made in our global distribution platforms and with some of the mandates that we've -- that we're already seeing, some of which have yet to fund, but they've already been awarded. We do continue to feel very confident that our long, long string of positive net flows from the institutional market has every prospect for continuing.
Steve Pelletier: John, it's Steve. I'll address your question. We think that the sales that we saw in the first quarter really reflect the strong momentum that we have in the business. It's across multiple products and we see very strong diversification and growing diversification of our business with our Prudential defined income product having a major contribution and building momentum in our fixed index annuity. And that, in particular, was a product, which basically got off the ground a year ago when we saw $200 million in sales in it this quarter. We see this strength across multiple distribution channels within the industry, and we think we have every prospect of continuing the momentum. In saying that, we always run all of our businesses for sustainable profitable growth, and we will continue to manage them accordingly and to take a look at our pricing dynamics in relation to the market environment in which we're operating. But I think what we're really seeing is growing demand among financial advisers for their clients to be able to access this type of solution. There has been a pickup in industry sales, but I will say that we're pleased to see that both in 2018 and in the first quarter of 2019 our growth has been above industry levels. So we've been gaining share in this market.
