Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'm going to give you an update on some key items under the heading of Financial Strength and Flexibility starting with Slide 25. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. At the end of last year, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 456%, with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $13.9 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our RBC ratio continues to be well above our 400% target after giving effect to results for the first 9 months of the year. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 835% and 967%, respectively, as of June 30. These reported solvency margins are also well above our targets. Looking at the overall capital position for the Financial Services businesses on Slide 26. We calculate our balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance [Technical Difficulty]
Robert Michael Falzon: This is Rob Falzon. I'm going to continue on. We apologize for having a modest problem with our system. I think where I left off before it cut off, we were turning to Slide 26 after having covered the solvency margins for our Japan businesses. So looking at the overall capital position for the Financial Services businesses, on Slide 26, we calculate our on-balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target and then add capital capacity held at the parent company and other subsidiaries. At the end of last year, we estimated that our on-balance sheet capital capacity was about $3.5 billion, including about $1.5 billion that we considered readily deployable. During the first 9 months of this year, we returned about $1.5 billion to shareholders. These returns came in the form of 3 quarterly common stock dividends of $0.53 each per share in each quarter, for a total of about $740 million and the repurchase of $750 million of our common stock. This includes $250 million of repurchases during the third quarter under the $1 billion June board authorization, which extends through June 30 of next year. Net of these returns of capital, our available on-balance sheet capital capacity was about $5 billion, before funding of our investment in AFP Habitat in Chile, which we expect to close in the first half of 2015, with the purchase price of $530 million to $620 million. We will consider about $1.5 billion of our capital capacity to be readily deployable. Turning to the cash position at the parent company. Cash and short-term investments, net of outstanding commercial paper, amounted to $4 billion as of the end of the third quarter. This reflects senior debt issuances of $600 million during the quarter. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to redeploy over time for strategic and capital management purposes. Now I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert Michael Falzon: Nigel, it's Rob Falzon. We actually looked at all of the assumptions that went into that calculation, so utilization, efficiency, et cetera, were included in that. The primary driver, however, to the assumption update was lapse and the lapse sensitivity to interest rates.
Robert Michael Falzon: Tom, it's Rob Falzon. So yes, recall that from a statutory standpoint, we used a modified GAAP accounting that defines our hedge targets. So yes, there was a statutory impact. Yes, it also had a capital consequence associated with it. However, the numbers that we've quoted you with regard to our total capital capacity and readily deployable, factor that in and so they're after the effects of the capital impact.
Robert Michael Falzon: The -- we have resources across the firm, so it was a combination of capacity that we had within the annuities -- legal entity businesses to absorb that, in addition to funding that we've provided from other parts of the organization.
Robert Michael Falzon: John, it's Rob Falzon. So we actually only made a relatively modest change to our long-term view of interest rates. So prior to the current quarter, using the 10-year as a benchmark, we had set that at 4.65%. We brought that down to 4.5%, and then a corresponding adjustment to the rest of the yield curve. The only other adjustment that was made is the method through which we migrate to that long-term reversion rate was modified, where we use the forward curve now for a 2-year period and then linearly move out of the long-term assumption for the remaining 8 years. That in and of itself is a relatively modest change and would not otherwise alter the view that we would have with respect to the economics on the Hartford transaction or, in any material way, our other blocks.
Robert Michael Falzon: So John, in the -- we have not called out to the -- to you or to anyone, any normalization of the expenses that we had in the current quarter with respect to any of the businesses on an overall basis. So I think that's the best way that I can answer that question.
Robert Michael Falzon: Yes. So the overall level of funding for this, recall that the transaction will be somewhere around $600 million. So it's a relatively modest-sized transaction, and it will be closing during the course of the first half of next year. We have adequate, readily deployable capital, as we've articulated. In order to complete that acquisition, and absent any other events, funding for this would not alter any existing capital redeployment plans that we would have.
Robert Michael Falzon: Jimmy, it's Rob. I'll handle the first part of your question, and I'm going to turn it over to Steve for the second part of your question. I think it almost repeat what I said just prior to your question. We would -- both in terms of when we got the authorization for our stock buyback program back in June for the $1 billion and then with respect to how we're thinking about Habitat, all of that considered our expectations with regard to our ability to fund our continuing business, including our PRT business. And neither of those events, either our success with PRT or the Habitat acquisition, would cause us to otherwise think about altering the existing capital redeployment plans that we have. And then second part, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Robert Michael Falzon: Randy, it's Rob Falzon. We have a stated target objective of 13% to 14%, and we think that, that provides a handsome premium over our cost of capital.
Robert Michael Falzon: The actual returns that we post on our Japan business are actually with all -- well the risk would merit a lower hurdle rate. The actual returns against that have actually been well above what you would benchmark as a hurdle rate for that business. Having said that, Randy, we actually don't provide any visibility toward individual hurdle rates for any of our segment businesses. We just articulate that in the context of the overall company objectives because our mix of business and the capital that we deploy in it will change over time.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Nigel, this is Steve. Our growth in fees was commensurate with the growth in assets, but we did have growth in expenses, as you note. Some of that was onetime in nature, but the remainder of it reflected our continued investment in the long-term growth of the business.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Tom, this is Steve. I'll address your question. This does not reflect a change in the external environment, external to ourselves, regarding this. We have refined our methodology about assessing the probability that a certain segment of our claimants will receive Social Security disability, and the reserve strengthening that we did this quarter reflects that refund.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Tom, it's Steve. I'll address your question. I wouldn't draw long-term expectations around this quarter. Our first and second quarter case experience was very, very strong relative to our assumptions and expectations. Our third quarter experience was also positive relative to our expectations, but not to the same extent as we saw in the first and second quarter, and that's really about the extent of it.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, it's Steve. I'll address your question. First of all, just to emphasize a point John made in his opening remarks, and that is that we're very pleased with the returns on the business we've written this year. Those returns are thoroughly consistent with our corporate return objectives. Second, the statements that you're referencing about par or above par or at par, those comments are all in relation to a plan sponsor's GAAP valuation of its pension liability. From one plan sponsor to another, those valuations can be impacted by a whole range of factors, including, in particular, whether a given plan sponsor is using old or new mortality tables in its valuation of the liability. Frankly, that's all pretty much irrelevant to us. We use a consistent and very disciplined methodology with multiple layers of oversight in order to arrive at our customized view, from the ground up, of the economic risks that we're taking on in a given transaction. That view is based on information that ranges far beyond the Society of Actuaries mortality tables. It includes industry data, it includes our own extensive experience in managing mortality risk, and it includes the -- especially in the large case market, the extensive census data that a plan sponsor supplies us on their retirees. So we're very, very confident in the approach that we take in that regard. Finally, I'd make some remarks regarding the different role that price plays in different segments of the market, and this reflects certainly our own competitive experience, but also the input that we've consistently received from plan sponsors and their advisors. In the large case market, price certainly matters, and there's a need to be competitive on pricing. In particular, pricing serves as a factor in winnowing down the competitive universe from the initial list to a very short list of finalists. We find that pricing, among those finalists, is typically within a very narrow band and that the plan sponsor's choice are based on assessment of certain critical factors that John mentioned in his opening comments. The ability of an insurer to execute large and complex transactions and to bring them to a successful and timely close and the ability to on-board literally tens of thousands of retirees in a seamless way that provides them a quality client experience. We have an established track record in this regard, and that gives plan sponsors a lot of confidence. The small market, and here I'm talking about a few hundred million and below, is very different. It is a market in which the business process really is that of a price-based option. And so when we back up and look at our experience, we're writing relatively more than our fair share of business in the large case market where these capabilities and our ability to differentiate ourselves comes into play in the eyes of plan sponsors, and we're writing, if you will, less than our fair share of business in the segment of the market that tends to be all about price.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Yes, that's a real good point, Erik. The -- very often, the point about retirees is, obviously, seen as a mitigator as it relates to longevity risk, but it's also a significant mitigator in relation to interest rate risk. These are people who are already drawing their payments. The payment schedule is set. There's no more optionality or behavioral risk in these cash flows, and we're able to match them very closely.
Stephen P. Pelletier: We have contractual provisions to adjust closing pricing for rate movements between announcement and closing.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, this is Steve. I won't characterize our returns on the transactions beyond what I said, which is that, like you said, we like the returns on the business we've written. Those -- they're in line with our corporate return expectations. In regard to capabilities, I'd mention the comments that John made at the outset, which is these are capabilities we've been investing in since 2006 in terms of the dedicated team. Also, we have a proven methodology for taking the resources of that dedicated team and connecting them to our resources across the company that are involved in successful and timely execution of these deals. That would include our asset liability management, our investment management, our actuarial and our legal area as well, in our ability to execute documentation in a ready fashion. That is a path of certainty that we can offer plan sponsors from the very outset of these transactions. We're able to give them a calendar for how they should expect matters to progress along this path, and that is a calendar that we have consistently followed through on in the different transactions we've done, and that creates, like I say, kind of a virtuous cycle about plan sponsor confidence in our ability to execute on these transactions.
Stephen P. Pelletier: No, Jimmy. This is Steve. I'd call it more of an aberration. It was driven by some rebalancing activities by equity clients and also the planned unwinding of an Asian real estate fund. When -- obviously, flows can be lumpy, and it's, of course, it's unfortunate to see a streak ending, but when we look at our investment performance, that continues to give us great confidence in our ability to garner flows in this business going forward.
Stephen P. Pelletier: There's nothing -- Randy, this is Steve. There's nothing about our business that is materially different about the Social Security matter. As I said, this is a refinement of our own methodologies. The second part of your question was in regard to...
Stephen P. Pelletier: We made an across-the-board update of our actuarial assumptions, and there were a variety of impacts, but the Social Security offset matter was the biggest piece.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Eric, this is Steve. We view -- well, first of all, we view this as a business, and we see longevity reinsurance and funded pension risk transfer business as different parts of that business. We view these as actually highly, highly complementary to each other. They are complementary to each other in terms of the capabilities that we were speaking about earlier. The insights we garner from one part of the business can help inform our risk management and our pricing in another part of the business. And we also see them as highly complementary from a financial result standpoint. Pension risk transfer business, funded pension risk transfer business, our earnings tend to decay gradually over time as the book runs off. Longevity reinsurance, the earnings profile actually escalates over time as our actuarial certainty about outcomes progresses as time elapses. So I'd say both from a strategic and from a financial standpoint, they're highly complementary.
Stephen P. Pelletier: I think, Eric, we find that at least to date, in the U.S. market, the funded business has been the primary of choice. Whereas in the U.K., and also starting to extend into other markets like Canada and the Netherlands, we see the longevity reinsurance market as being, at this stage, much more highly developed and that's the way a lot of companies choose to go. But that could emerge in the U.S. market as well. But right now, we see the differentiation as largely a geographical one.
Stephen P. Pelletier: No. We refined our methodologies in how we assess the likelihood of claimants to receive Social Security disability, especially around our segmentation of claimants.
Stephen P. Pelletier: That means we refined the extent to which -- how we vary our assessment of probability from one segment to the next. A much more granular approach.
Stephen P. Pelletier: No, Steven, this is Steve again. We changed our approach quite significantly this year to a much more sophisticated approach towards lapsation. Previously, our approach had been fundamentally based on "In-the-Moneyness" of the guarantee, and that's kind of an industry standard approach. Now we're focusing on the ability of a policyholder to replicate the income stream from our guarantee through other sources, other sources that might be available in the marketplace. As such, that makes this approach much more sense -- so that makes our lapse assumptions under this approach much more sensitive to interest rate movements.
