Richard Carbone: There's nothing that would preclude use from using sooner rather than later. It's not restricted in any way, but we don't have any intended use for it at this point in time.
Richard Carbone: We don't see any opportunities at this point, and we've announced the buyback program that we think is sufficient at this point.
Richard Carbone: I know how we did this in the past. Going forward, we'll disclose our buybacks at the end of each quarter. I really think that's a better way to handle this disclosure.
Richard Carbone: I think you're right, John. There's not much you can read into that. If you take any one month extrapolated, that's a somewhat risky exercise. So that was our first and only month last quarter. Now this is our first and only full quarter. I think it's still pretty early to draw out any conclusions other than to say that both sets of numbers, the one month and the quarter are quite consistent with our overall expectations in terms of the valuation and what we're expecting to get from these businesses. So to that extent, it's reassuring.
Richard Carbone: There's this $900 million of that, that's operating debt. There's $900 million of that cash, but that's with operating debt.
Charles Lowrey: Sure, and I'll be happy to do this. This is Charlie. A couple of things. We are mainly in the mid- to large-case market. And what we're seeing there -- I'll give you some context, and then something specific to what we're doing. But the context is that we see very low new plan formation, so not a lot of our fees out in the marketplace. There is low industry turnovers, so you see a lot of us, including our sales, with very strong persistency numbers. And finally, plan sponsors continue to be distracted in terms of their focus on healthcare and other things. So with that as context, there aren't a lot of plans coming up for renewal or -- out in the marketplace. There's a lot of check bidding going on, where plan sponsors will look at, go out and check the prices. But they don't want to move the plan. Now in terms of our own business, I think we're exhibiting a fair amount of discipline, and then we're targeting specific ROEs and hurdle rates. And as a result, we'll take a look at the business we have and the business that's out there, but will, at times, decline the bid on or that lapse business that doesn't meet hurdles. So what you're seeing is fairly flat flows but that's, in part, due to the context and, in part, due to the discipline that we're showing.
Charles Lowrey: We're seeing very aggressive pricing, especially on the record-keeping full-service side of things. So I don't know if it's irrational or not, I won't comment on that, but we are very disciplined in terms of what we'll bid on and what we will let lapse.
Charles Lowrey: Not particularly. It's coming from all over. So there are a lot of different players in this marketplace, and you see different kinds of firms bidding on different kinds of business.
Charles Lowrey: Nigel, this is Charlie. I think we anticipated a low interest rate environment when we made the changes, and we did that on a prospective basis earlier this year. So as of now, we don't anticipate making further changes. I think the product is designed for a low interest rate environment, and we're pleased with the returns we're getting.
Charles Lowrey: Tom, this is Charlie, just a follow up on your comment. At this point again, we've designed the product for a low interest-rate environment. We'll always reevaluate the environment as we go forward. But at this point, we have no plans to change it in the near future.
Charles Lowrey: Okay, well the benefit ratio is certainly up from the first quarter, but it's actually down from 270 basis points from the third quarter of last year. So it is bouncing around. It's higher than we want, clearly. But I do think it reflects the economic conditions that are out there. Having said that, in the first quarter, there was kind of -- or it was rather the second quarter, there was good news and bad news. And that is that -- the good news was that the rate of incidents decreased and terminations actually increased. But what happened, this was a severity issue. And the severity is up in most part because industries with the increase in the number of claims are the ones we have the full compensated employees. So we'll see what happens going forward, but we think we understand the reason why the benefit ratio was up. And we'll monitor it carefully.
Charles Lowrey: Well, the payment of the annual dividend reflects the history of a shareholder base that included a lot of small shareholders coming out de-neutralization. And that question has come up, and it is something that we will consider and we'll discuss it if necessary when we announce our dividend later this year.
Mark Grier: Yes, that was going to be my second point. Let me make the first one, which is if you look at the point that John made in his discussion of the drivers of ROE improvement, the high return business is growing more rapidly than the others. The Star and Edison results coming online and having the impact we want them to have in capital redeployment, within that picture, there is some equity market sensitivity, particularly in the Annuity business. And so that would be one of the things to think about as you're extrapolating forward. But as John said, we're less dependent on appreciation and more dependent on fundamentals and have a less market-sensitive earnings profile than we had several years ago. So you could see things going better in some ways and maybe making up for some of the equity market sensitivity in the downturn. So I think our core story holds together very well. On the second point, which is the one you just asked about, we've not compromised credit risk in reaching for yield since we've come out of the financial crisis and as we've gone through a couple of episodes of very low interest rates. We're feeling quite confident, with respect to overall credit quality and the strength of our balance sheet, liquidity, credit quality, capital across the board. So I think we are also in a good position to weather the storm, with respect to the general account, would not anticipate a significant amount of capital strain there, but rather from the bottoms up right now, looking at a pretty strong credit picture. So I think we've got ourselves in good shape there on the overall strength of the balance sheet, credit quality and the mix of businesses and the management agenda that John talked about.
Mark Grier: Yes. Actually, it's an interesting point that historically, you're absolutely right. There was a strong correlation between new business growth and Life Planner growth. But if you look over the course of the last 2 years, you'll see that those 2 have largely separated now. And this quarter, as you fairly point out, is yet another example, probably for the last 6 or 8 quarters. And that is in spite of it being flat in headcount with the Life Planner, sales are up about 20%. And keep in mind that sales are driven by 3 things. You cited one, which is the Head Planner count. The second is productivity, but the third is the interesting one I'd draw your attention to, and that is growth in average premium. And that has been happening now for a while, and I think has some sustainability to it. Because of this long-term secular shift that we're making from pure debt protection to that which is more heavily oriented to retirement. And we're seeing that, not only in Japan, but in Korea, Taiwan and elsewhere. So I will never downplay the long-term positive potential of continued growth. But I would cite that now it's important to pay attention as well to the average premium. And so I'm actually encouraged by the fact that in spite of having no growth, we're having quarter-over-quarter of growth of 20% or more. And what I'm hoping to see is really a balance over time of growth being strong double-digit as a result of spreading growth over each of those 3 factors i.e. headcount, productivity and average premiums.
Mark Grier: Tom, it's Mark. I'll take the first part and let Charlie answer the Annuity question. We have had in front of us for a while now the consideration of a scenario in which rates are very low for a long time. And so we continue to consider the situation that we're in with respect to our ability to achieve our objectives in that scenario. So it is part of our thinking. Whether or not I want to particularly forecast rates and tell you what we think this is temporary or not is a little bit different question. But I think the main point with respect to where we are is that it's something that we pay a lot of attention to and have been paying attention to for a while. Remember that our business mix and individual businesses are intrinsically somewhat less rate-sensitive than some of the sensitivities that show up in other companies that would be considered our peers. And our mix is actually pretty attractive and it's somewhat less affected by low rates. But again, it's something that we pay attention to. We have that scenario in front of us, and we keep worrying about it.
Mark Grier: Tom, in terms of the mix of risk, you're right. The bulk of the risk in this HD products is an interest rate risk. But that's also a relatively less expensive risk to hedge than some of the more exotic equity market exposures. So you're right in terms of thinking about the risk mix, but the cost of that is pretty low because those are very efficient markets and more plain vanilla-type hedges.
Mark Grier: Yes, Chris, this is Mark. There haven't been a lot of new developments in terms of stunning revelations in Washington. Let me reiterate a couple of points that we've made in the past. One is that financial strength is part of our value proposition. And being well-regulated is important to us and can play a role in that. So we don't go into the consideration of the regulatory environment looking for loopholes or trying to lean hard against anything that anybody thinks of that might be regulatory in nature. Secondly, we believe that it's more important that we be viewed as an insurance company with the financial dynamics that are actually part of our business models as opposed to viewed as a bank and regulated as a bank. And then it's more important that, that distinction be drawn than that we argue about which label or bucket or tag we wind up with, with respect to consideration of things like systemically important or not. On July 21, we became regulated by the Federal Reserve. That was part of the Dodd-Frank Bill, where we move from the OTS, the Office of Thrift Supervision to Federal Reserve regulation. We're encouraged by our engagement with the Fed at this point. And more broadly, we look forward to constructive engagement with the Federal Reserve and Treasury and others involved in Washington and the NAIC and the state regulators, as this overall regulatory picture falls into place. It remains right now fairly fragmented and uncertain but so far, we think we're going to have the opportunity as I said for constructive engagement and we'll see where it goes.
Edward Baird: I think it's more of the latter, Tom. This is Ed speaking. And I say that because this is not isolated. This is part of a trend that we've seen going on, as I mentioned earlier for the last 6 to 8 quarters. And it's, I think, coming from several areas and for several reasons. Let me go into each of them. As far as the Life Planner organization, specifically POJ, I believe this is the result of the steady shift into the retirement because we are seeing growth in the average premium there that's making up the bulk of the increase in sales. Then of course, the second contributor is the band channel, which are again 2 years now. We have seen very steady growth in that quarter-over-quarter. And the vast bulk of that continues to be insurance with the smaller amount in the fixed annuity area. But again, this is heavily retirement-oriented. And then the final third one, which I would temper slightly is the -- both organic growth, as well as the acquisition growth in the independent agent channel. And of the $118 million that was reported there, $34 million of that is coming from the Gibraltar channel, which we just started a year ago, and that was only about $6 million this time last year. So we've got strong organic growth in that channel, which is well priced. And then we have the additional growth that came from the new Star and Edison IA channel, whereas Mark pointed out earlier, I would want to temper your expectations on that because we will revisit some of the pricing and commissions on that to ensure that it has the same margins that we get out of our traditional Gibraltar IA channels. So long-winded way of saying one of the encouraging aspects of the growth here is that it's very broad-based. We're getting it from our traditional Life Planner, which is mostly through growth and average premium, and I believe that's driven by this long-term shift to retirement. We continue to get steady growth in the bank channel. And what's encouraging about that is it's less concentrated. If you recall, in the past, almost 90% of it was coming out of the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi. That's now down to about 60%, as we steadily grow the number of banks, which is still currently out of Gibraltar. Only -- about 37, I think, 32 of them are active. We have scores more where we picked up relationships, but not new business, as a result of Star and Edison. So that's the second contributor and then the third will be the IA. So I think these 3 legs of this stool that is supporting the growth that you're observing.
Edward Baird: Well, as far as the industry, as you know, the large domestic have been steadily losing market share of new business. That trend has been going on for about 5 years. And while I've not looked at the most recent quarter, I think it will evidence that we continue to grow our market share of new business for some of the reasons I just mentioned that are driven partly by strategic product shift and partly by the expansion of distribution.
Edward Baird: Sure. Let me -- this is Ed. Let me take your bank question first. On the bank side, given the numbers I just mentioned about the number of banks we're dealing with, I think we still have quite a way to go in terms of growth. I want to be cautious about this because the historic growth has been so dramatic. Obviously, that cannot continue indefinitely. But if you look at the fact that through Gibraltar, which is producing over 90% of our distribution on the banks right now, being specifically the PGLS subsidiary as opposed to the acquisitions, we only have 32 active banks. To Star and Edison and their relationships, which are more than double that, we are producing very little. And that's understandable because their capacity for production was severely impaired as a result of the prior ownership and the situation they were in. I'm hopeful that as we rehabilitate those relationships, we will be able to expand the footprint. To be specific in terms of new relationships, we just started with the Citibank relationship in the last quarter, and that has started to be productive. So I'm optimistic that as a result of adding additional number of banks, particularly the more powerful regional banks, we have 3 or 4 of those relationships, which I believe have future opportunities. Now as far as the Star and Edison life adviser opportunity, I think what you'll see there will probably be akin to what we went through when we took over the keyway but this situation will be easier. The keyway was a situation where those -- that company was bankrupt, but we did introduce some credentialization, if you will, in terms of strengthening the management, as well as the training of the organization, then left to a short term reduction in the number of sales people. But that, in turn, was offset by a steady improvement in the productivity. Now granted, the situation we have here with both Star and Edison is a far more positive situation. These are, by no means, bankrupt organizations. Nonetheless, I anticipate that as we begin to introduce some of our core competencies and sales management of captive agency system, it is possible you will see some reduction in the numbers. But I think that will be offset through improvements in the productivity. Long-term, I'm quite sanguine about it, particularly when one keeps in mind that an evaluation of this, I believe we attached 5% or less of the value to this to growth in new business. So I think relative to the expectations in the pricing is, there's lot more upside opportunity here than there is downside risk.
Edward Baird: Yes. First, let me recap what the expectations are there. You'll recall that we expected that we'll have one-time expenses of $500 million will incur 80% of that over the next couple of years that we will reap $250 million in terms of improvement in AOI coming out of that, and that about 80% of that will be reaped over the same period at the time. But this was priced during the evaluation to come in on a levered ROE-basis in the mid-teens. And so far, as we've indicated a couple of times, every indication, admittedly very early, is that this is performing consistent with those expectations.
Edward Baird: Well that has consistently performed in the high teens, near 20. Because this Star and Edison numbers that we've just talked about are lower than the traditional 20%. It will pull that overall number down into the high teens. But I think it's reasonable to expect performance for a total PII international organization in the high teens.
