Robert F. Falzon: Thank you, Mark. I'm going to give you an update on some key items under the heading of financial strength and flexibility. Starting on slide 19. We continue to manage our insurance companies to levels of capital that we believe are consistent with AA standards. For Prudential Insurance, we manage to a 400% RBC ratio. At the end of last year, Prudential Insurance reported an RBC ratio of 498% with total adjusted capital, or TAC, of $15 billion. While we don't perform a quarterly bottoms-up RBC calculation, we estimate that our September 30 RBC ratio remains well above our 400% target, after giving effect to the results for the first nine months of the year, including a $2 billion dividend to the parent company in May following the completion of our closed block restructuring. In Japan, Prudential of Japan and Gibraltar Life reported strong solvency margins of 853% and 927%, respectively, as of June 30. We're managing these companies to solvency margins of 600% to 700%, which we believe is consistent with AA balance sheet strength and we are comfortably above our targets. Looking at our overall capital position on slide 20, we calculate our on-balance sheet capital capacity by comparing the statutory capital position of Prudential Insurance to our 400% RBC ratio target, and then add capital capacity held in Japan and other operations and at the parent company. As of the end of last year, we estimated our available on-balance sheet capital capacity at approximately $2 billion on a net basis. This represented about $4 billion on a gross basis, less $2 billion earmarked to reduce capital debt, to arrive at our long-term targeted financial leverage ratio of 25%. During the first nine months of this year, we returned about $1.5 billion to shareholders. These returns included three quarterly common stock dividends totaling about $800 million and the repurchase of $750 million of our common stock. Our financial leverage ratio, which is based on capital debt, decreased from 29.3% at yearend to 25.5% at the end of the third quarter. The reduction of financial leverage reflected our receipt of the $2 billion dividend from Prudential Insurance that I mentioned, together with capital generated from other sources, which reduced the need to support capital requirements in our businesses with debt. At the end of the third quarter, we've made a minor adjustment to earmark a portion of our capital capacity for a reduction of capital debt to arrive at our target level of 25%. After giving effect to that adjustment, our capital capacity stood at over $3 billion. This compares to about $2 billion at yearend and is consistent with the greater than $3 billion that we disclosed at June 30. Our financial leverage ratio increased from 23.9% at June 30 to 25.5% at September 30. This reflects an increase in our level of capital debt of about $600 million, as the fallen interest rates and just over $200 million in net hedging costs, reflecting market volatility, resulted in a funding need at our variable annuity captive reinsurer. Our total leverage ratio, which includes all borrowings, also came down from 45.1% at year end to 42.8% at September 30, below our targeted level of 45%, as we applied cash held at the parent company to repay external debt maturing during the third quarter. The fair value of the Japan equity hedge, which is not included in our capital capacity, was about $2 billion at September 30. Turning to the cash position at the parent company, cash and short-term investments net of outstanding commercial paper amounted to about $4.2 billion as of September 30. The cash in excess of our targeted $1.3 billion liquidity cushion is available to repay maturing operating debt, to fund operating needs and to deploy over time for strategic and capital management purposes. Now, I'll turn it back over to John.
Robert F. Falzon: Okay, Jimmy, so referring back to the – to my introductory remarks, if you think about the capital debt going up by around $600 million, that had two principal components to it. First was the breakage on our hedging within the VA captive. And the second piece of that was largely driven by the interest rate movements during the course of the quarter. If you looked at our capital capacity at the end of the quarter, and you did not adjust for it – you didn't increase our leverage ratio – we would still have had capital capacity above the $3 billion, consistent with the – with what I articulated. So interest rates clearly had an impact during the course of the quarter, but we would characterize it as relatively modest in terms of the overall impact on our capital capacity. I think as we've talked about before, with regard to the sensitivity to interest rates, we think about management of our capital as a – sorry, we think of management of interest rate risk in what you would consider to be normal levels of volatility as something that we would hold capital against. So, you would see some movement in our capital capacity as a result of normal volatility, quarter to quarter, in interest rates. However, what we do is outside of that range of normal volatility, we look to hedge out the risk and think of it as in the tails at (37:29) outcomes for interest rates, such that our capital capacity would be preserved in more extreme outcomes
Robert F. Falzon: Yeah, so – well, that was in the – from the $600 million, that hedge breakage was the $200ish million that I deducted from that $600 million. So, the residual $400 million would have been net everything else, interest rates included in there.
Robert F. Falzon: It's Rob, Nigel. Let me handle the first question. The – with respect to the variable annuities work, first let me step back and go through with you some of the things that we said at Investor Day. We went through the reasons during the course of our presentation as to why we reinsured our VA rider to a captive. Those reasons related to the disconnect between stat accounting and the risk management tools that we use in order – or to manage the rider. Also recall that we hold capital to CTE 97 and that we have reserves in our captives that are almost two times the reserves that would be required – that we would otherwise be required to hold at the seeding company. We're constantly evaluating that construct, making sure that we're managing risk on an economic basis, and in addition to that, we're looking at the implications of that on capital and liquidity, on accounting, both from a statutory and a GAAP standpoint and also on hedging efficiency. So consistent with that objective, we've been, as you can imagine, highly engaged in the conversation with the NAIC with Oliver Wyman and with others in the industry. And what I would say is that – what we would say is that all of the right issues are on the table and are being discussed. We're encouraged by the dialogue. It could produce both a good outcome for companies and regulators, but I would also say that these are still early days in what is likely to be a fairly long process
Robert F. Falzon: So – it's Rob, and let me pull those two pieces together. If you looked at our historical pattern of sort of fourth quarter total overhead expenses as contrasted to the prior three quarters, what you would find is that somewhere between 5% and 10% is sort of the level of increase that you will find in the fourth quarter, vis-à-vis the prior three, and that would amount to something that's averaged historically between $150 million and $200 million of increased costs in the fourth quarter, vis-à-vis the average for the nine months that would have preceded that, Nigel.
Robert F. Falzon: Yeah, so it's currently classified as operating. Yeah, the amount of that, of borrowings that we have, that is – that's backing – operating debt that's backing cash is close to $2.5 billion, so that amount could be sitting in cash and could be used for capital purposes should we need it.
Robert F. Falzon: Yeah. And most of that is for purposes of our captive financing AXXX financing in our life captives.
Robert F. Falzon: Yeah, so, Ryan, it's Rob. Perhaps I'll take that. I would say the spending is consistent with what we've – the guidance that we provided last year. The net spending may be, from a pace – surely from a pace standpoint, a little under the guidance that we otherwise provided, but we think the numbers that we provided last year are still sort of relevant and there may be slippage between any given year, but that level of investment has not expanded. It has gotten drawn out a little bit, but by and large is in place or intact, and we would expect to continue to make that order of magnitude of investments into the businesses.
Robert F. Falzon: So Tom, it's Rob. Let me take two pieces of that. First, with regard to earnings impact, remember, when you take those percentages that you have to apply that just to the yen component of our earnings. And so just by way of example, if it's kind of helpful to (64:11) that if we applied the 106 to this year – this quarter's results, it would have resulted in about a 2% dilution or about $0.06 a share. So just to kind of give you a benchmark for the impact of that change in the plan rate. The second question with regard to the yen equity hedge, what you stated is absolutely correct. That hedge is both designed and calibrated so that over time the gains from the hedge can be used to offset any dilution in earnings that are resulting from depreciation in the yen. And with respect to sort of how and when that may be done, I would simply observe that we understand the mechanic that we put in place and to how the mechanic needs to work in order to be effectuated.
Robert F. Falzon: So the way that it's calibrated is such that it generates cash, capital that can be redeployed either in buybacks or in acquisitions, acquisitions would be at our target return of 13% to 14%, yielding those kind of returns, such that if we did either the buybacks or we did the acquisitions with that capital, we would restore the earnings that were lost as a result of the depreciation in the yen over sort of a period-to-period basis
Robert F. Falzon: Yeah, Tom, so a couple of things. First, let me clarify. What we stated is that the amount of reserves we're holding are a little less than two times that which would be required at the seeding company. We didn't put that in terms of the economic capital in reserves that we would be holding, but rather that which is required from a statutory standpoint. I would say, as I mentioned, when I responded to the earlier question, we're very encouraged by the dialogue and think that it could have a good outcome. But having said that, I also mentioned it's a long process, and therefore I think it's inappropriate to speculate on the outcome of the discussion at this point or how it may influence our plans. I would say that based on the level of capital in reserves that we hold, we believe that we have adequate capacity to accommodate a range of outcomes that could be coming out of the NAIC process. But regardless of what comes out of that process, we're going to continue a very disciplined approach around the managing our VA risks and holding a prudent level of capital and reserves against those risks.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jimmy, this is Steve. I'll speak to that. We remain very confident about our pricing of these transactions, both in terms of what we've already written and also the experience we are having as we pursue additional transactions. In regard to some of the recent press commentary, I'd give our perspective as follows. We participate as a reinsurer working with primary UK insurers in the longevity business. We see that global market structure as having a couple of key benefits. We think that that market structure provides additional capacity to UK plan sponsors looking to manage longevity risk and we also think that global structure provides additional protection to UK plan participants in terms of the pension promises that have been made to them. So we view this market structure as having a lot of benefits for all parties involved. In terms of the business that we write and how we price it, we apply a very robust economic capital framework that drives our pricing and supports the business with prudent capital standards. We put this framework through significant and continuous stress testing and it's the same model we use for domestic deals. And then finally, I'd just mention something that you've heard from us before, just a reminder that our PRT pricing, both funded and unfunded, does not take into account any enterprise-level benefits around risk diversification or longevity mortality netting. So, like I say, we remain quite confident in our pricing.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Jay, this is Steve again. I'll cover that. The deposit amounts that will emerge from JCPenney have yet to be determined. That deal is operating on a variable structure. We expect it will be between $0.5 billion and $1.5 billion. Regarding Philips U.S., the total transaction is $1.1 billion. Our share of that will be $450 million. I will also point out that on Philips U.S., we are the account administrator for all retirees and will be receiving additional consideration for providing that service on the entire retiree block.
Stephen P. Pelletier: We feel the pipeline remains, and is, quite solid. I think what we've been seeing over the past year and continue to see, Jay, is that the pipeline is really being driven by secular trends. We are looking at, for example, the updated mortality tables are really having an impact in terms of accentuating awareness of longevity risk and desire to manage it. Also, continuous increasing of PBGC premiums also has an effect. So all of these factors contribute to what we see as a very healthy pipeline going forward.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Those obviously are – while PRT inherently is lumpy, those real jumbo deals are even lumpier. So discussions continue, but we'll see what unfolds. In regard to several years, Jay, I would just point out that on the longevity side, at least, we did have a deal that is jumbo by any standard in mid-2014.
Stephen P. Pelletier: And Nigel, I'll take your question regarding seasonality of expenses. The annuities business is definitely one of those businesses that Mark mentioned where we see quarterly seasonality. And while I'm not going to offer a quantification of what we'll see in the fourth quarter, if you take a look at last year's fourth quarter, you saw that impact and I see no reason to believe that we won't be seeing that same seasonality in this year's 4Q.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Seth, this is Steve. While, again, I wouldn't offer any kind of quantification, we do see incentive fees, for example, being something that is – where there is a seasonal lift in the fourth quarter. Again, that pattern may very well persist. There could be some impact from market volatility, but the nature of that business is such that a fair amount of those fees are realized in the fourth quarter.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Some will be impacted either directly or indirectly by market volatility, some are largely uncorrelated with equity market volatility at least.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve. I think that we are seeing our positive mortality trends in – pretty much across our book of business, both in terms of legacy Prudential and legacy Hartford business and in different age bands. So, it's been a fairly comprehensive experience and it's also been contributed to both in terms of severity and incidents. So I wouldn't attribute it to any particular pockets. I would just also point out that we do continuously adjust our expectations. So, the variances that we are speaking about above our expectations are variations above a bar that we do continue to raise on a very gradual basis. So, we are pleased with the performance of the book and having said that, inherently this can be something that is variable. And we don't take that into our run rate, and we do regularly call it out for your modeling purposes.
Charlie F. Lowrey: And Nigel, on the international side, I would say the same thing. Obviously, expenses vary quarter to quarter depending upon a variety of factors, one of which is, of course, seasonality. And we see that in international in the fourth quarter every year, because in the fourth quarter you have additional administrative costs including annual mailings to customers. And that doesn't sound like a lot, except in Japan, for instance, we have 10 million policies and over 3 million mailings that we do. In addition, there are in international discretionary costs that we incur later in the year, depending upon budgets, and often systems initiatives are concentrated to finish by the end of the year. So there's additional spending in the fourth quarter and we'd expect that pattern to continue this year.
Charlie F. Lowrey: Oh, you bet. We absolutely do that. I mean, we reprice our fixed annuities every other week. And you've seen us, I think, make the changes necessary, in terms of either lowering commissions or increasing products, either increasing pricing or in fact, just discontinuing sales if we can't make it work. So, we're going to protect our margins and you can see that in the ROEs we generate over time and the low level of volatility that this business is – has displayed for well over a decade.
Charlie F. Lowrey: Sure, I'm happy to. It's up 6%. This is a new record in Japan, and it really pertains to a couple of things. On the face of it, it's a higher number of sales managers. But let me just go through the three ins and outs, because I think this will give some clarification. First of all, the three ins and outs that can take place, the first ones are recruits versus terminations. And we had a stronger – we had strong recruits and lower terminations this quarter. So, that was a good factor. Secondly is the process of turning life planners into sales managers. And over the past two years, we have added 54 new sales managers. Now, initially when you do that, as you saw last year in the spring, that lowers the LP count. But then theoretically adds to the LP count later, because a sales manager's job is obviously to recruit, develop, and retain LPs. And the new sales managers tend to recruit more than existing sales managers, who already manage a group of LPs. So, we expected the increase in sales managers to help LP recruiting in the future. And that's exactly what happened. We said – there's always a lag effect, right? So, it usually takes about a year for the new sales managers to begin to really recruit and gear up. And when we recruited a large number of sales managers, or changed them from life planners to sales managers last year, we expected that to have an effect this year and it really has. The third in and out is taking LPs and seconding them into the bank. So what we do is we take the lower performing LPs and give them the opportunity to become secondees in the bank channel. Because we train the LPs to perform three tasks – to prospect, to present, and to close. And if an LP fails, it's usually because he or she can't prospect. But in the banks, the beautiful part of it is they don't need to prospect. So, as secondees they can perform very well and advocate selling recurring premium death protection products, which is exactly what they are doing and you see the increased sales in banks because of it. So having said all of this, let me sort of talk about growth rates. Because the growth rate for LPs in Japan over the long term is unlikely to materially accelerate, given the large number of LPs we have in Japan. So, if you consolidate all the ins and outs, the long term average growth of POJ for LPs is about 2% or 3%. Last year, we had a couple of quarters of either zero or maybe a little negative. This quarter was 6%. So, you will see some fluctuation over time, but if you looked at a long-term average, it's probably 2% or 3%.
