Robert Michael Falzon: Thanks, Mark. I'll begin on slide 12 by highlighting the notable items which have impacted the current quarter adjusted operating results. As we introduced last quarter, in addition to the impact on results from the quarterly updated estimate of Individual Annuities profitability driven by market performance, notable items include the impact attributable to variances from our expectations for selected revenues and expenses. We highlight these latter items because while their contributions to the current quarter results are economic, they may not be indicative of future performance. The current quarter unfavorable impact of the market and experience unlockings in the Annuities business was $36 million. The current quarter returns on non-coupon investments and prepayment fees were about $35 million below our long-term expectations. And the current quarter underwriting experience was approximately $65 million better than our average expectations, primarily driven by more favorable mortality experience in Individual Life, reflecting lower than expected large case claims. As an aside, while less favorable than our average expectations, our Retirement business continued to demonstrate positive case experience in the quarter. In total, these notable items reduced pre-tax earnings by about $6 million or $0.01 per share. Excluding notable items, earnings per share would be $3.16, up 9% from the year-ago quarter. And speaking about our earnings pattern, I would also note that we have historically experienced higher than average expenses in the fourth quarter. This includes the impact of seasonal items such as annual policyholder communications, employee onboarding and severance, as well as business development, advertising and other variable costs. Looking back over the past three years, this pattern has produced expenses on average about $125 million to $175 million higher in the fourth quarter than the average quarterly level for the respective year. In addition, we have completed the hedging of our expected yen earnings in our International business for 2019, and our hedging rate for the next year will be 105 yen per U.S. dollar as compared to the $111 for 2018. Turning to slide 13. I'll provide an update on key balance sheet items and financial measures. Our cash and liquid assets at the parent company amounted to $5.2 billion at the end of the quarter. The sequential quarter increase of about $500 million was driven by proceeds from our $1.6 billion of junior subordinated notes issue this quarter, partially offset by senior debt maturities of about $700 million and a capital contribution to PICA to address the impacts of the Tax Act as we discussed on previous calls. I would also note that we have established a targeted operating range of cash and liquid assets at the parent company of $3 billion to $5 billion with the low end of the range equal to approximately two times our annual fixed charges. Cash inflows from the businesses during the quarter supported the $755 million of shareholder distributions, which were roughly evenly split between dividends of $380 million and share repurchases of $375 million. And our share repurchases authorization for the remainder of the year is $375 million as of September 30th. Our domestic and international regulatory capital ratios are above our AA financial strength targeted levels. Further, we do not expect material impacts to target capital levels from the proposed Variable Annuities statutory framework that has been adopted by the NAIC Variable Annuities Issues Working Group. And finally, our financial leverage and total leverage ratios remain within our targets as of the end of the third quarter. In summary, during the quarter we generated a strong return on adjusted operating equity, double-digit growth in adjusted book value per share and solid sales and net flows across our businesses while maintaining a robust capital position. Our complementary mix of businesses with leading market positions and integrated solutions for customers are executing on our strategies and producing attractive returns for our stakeholders. Now we'll turn it over to the operator for questions
Robert Michael Falzon: Nigel, it's Rob. So what we've expressed before and I think still holds is that as we – if you look last year, our enhanced supervision costs were about $120 million for the full year. As we think about the – no longer being a SIFI, our expectation is that about a third of those costs go away very rapidly and almost instantaneously, which is a combination of the fees that we are paying for Fed supervision and some consulting expenses that we would no longer need to incur. About a third of those costs are associated with projects that were in the process of completing and so they will sunset or go away in the course of sort of 12 months to 18 months; and then the remaining third probably represent ongoing costs of group supervision that we expect to incur both in response to the group supervision in New Jersey as well as the engagement that we have on an international basis as well.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, John, its Rob. Let me just add one last comment onto that is – and I think it perhaps is what you are getting at. As we look at the quarter holistically, there were puts and takes. And so – and that's what you're articulating. And so when we look that result on an overall basis, what you're seeing is the benefit of having a diversified portfolio of businesses that are all high quality in and of themselves. But at any given point in time may produce results that are above or below what we would normally expect or see in a given quarter. And what you saw in this quarter is, International outperformed and some of our domestic businesses underperformed for the very specific reasons that we mentioned. And those things offset. So when we look at the holistic results for the quarter, we think you can look at that as representative of the totality of our businesses.
Robert Michael Falzon: Suneet, it's Rob. So as we've articulated, and you've floated this, we think that about 65% of our operating earnings do translate into free cash flow. We've typically thought about redeploying that. And we redeploy it in a combination of dividends, so typically without being mathematical about it, within a range. We think about half that working its way back in the form of dividends to shareholders. And the other half of it we think about as redeploying either in the form of returns to shareholders, or we have the opportunity to deploy it into investments, which can grow our businesses inorganically. And so as we think about that, there is no reason to believe that our philosophy in that has changed at all. The mathematics of that can vary in any given quarter or within the year or for the year. But we have a very disciplined approach and a very thoughtful approach. And as we look at establishing our expectations for buybacks in a given year and our dividend policy in a given year, we refer back to – just the way you articulated it. And we've got 65% and that's available to either return to shareholders or to redeploy otherwise or to grow growth on behalf of – grow earnings on behalf of shareholder returns as well.
Robert Michael Falzon: Suneet, Rob again. So, yeah, we are always reviewing opportunities to optimize capital management. And we're engaging with market participants to understand the range of opportunities that might be out there. I would note with respect to the specific Lincoln example that we generally have very well underwritten books. And we are not a distressed seller. And so any transaction would need to be economically compelling to us in light of what we think are the highly attractive economics associated with the portfolio that we've got. But I'll end with where I started, which is we are absolutely always reviewing those opportunities and seeking to optimize our capital management.
Robert Michael Falzon: I wouldn't change the answer that I gave you to the prior question, Suneet, which is Long-Term Care would be included in that evaluation that we do in the things that we evaluate.
Robert Michael Falzon: So, Alex, its Rob. Let me take part of that and then I'll turn it over to Steve to talk about sort of the longer term trends and specifically around the hedging piece of it. So, let just sort of provide a little bit of a backdrop and then talk about hedging costs specifically. But if you look at our hedge effectiveness during the course of the quarter, it was 97% effectiveness; and then if you roll that forward and look at the month of October, given there was significantly higher volatility in October, we were still in excess of 90% hedge effectiveness. So, on a year-to-date basis through the end of October we actually had 99% hedge effectiveness. When we talk about hedge effectiveness, that includes the cost of hedging in that effectiveness and that cost of hedging is included in the AOI results that you're seeing in the current quarter and prior quarters. So there has been – when you look year-over-year, we called out in our release the increase in hedging costs; but that was really just – that wasn't sequential, that was year-over-year, because when you look at the third quarter of last year, that was before we put into place the refinements in the hedging strategy that we introduced in the fourth quarter which allowed us to sort of reduce the level of variability and outcomes, given the very high economic results that we are getting out of the Annuities business by adjusting the equity hedges that we had in the portfolio. So, that was in place both in last quarter and this quarter; it just wasn't in place a year ago. So when we look at the hedging costs, there isn't a bias toward that producing pressure on our ROAs on a go forward basis. The cost we're incurring from hedging are within a range of our expectations. So with that let me turn it over to Steve to sort of talk about longer-term prospects.
John Robert Strangfeld: So, Ryan, I think when we think about our ROE, the guidance that we gave was that in the intermediate term we would continue to expect that to be in the 12% to 13% range, given that we have gone through a fairly long period of sustained low interest rates. Obviously, interest rates have been moving up. And we've had very favorable equity markets. And the combination of those, plus very strong fundamental performance out of our businesses has resulted in our return on equity being – operating at a range that is at the very high end of that guidance that we provided. At this point in time, given where we are in the cycle, that's probably to be expected. And we talk about that 12% to 13% as being a return over a cycle. Over time, we're seeing that the headwinds associated with sustained low interest rates are abating. And we continue to see good fundamental performance in our businesses. So over a longer period of time we would expect that to allow us to sort of return to that more normal long term range of 13% to 14%. But at this point in time, we're not ready to modify that guidance.
John Robert Strangfeld: Yeah, well, that's another way of getting at the question that was asked before, which is, how big is the number in International? So we're not really giving out a number. We're just saying that there were some expenses that were probably deferred to the fourth quarter. And then there were some good guys that fell our way. And those were in the $1 million here, $2 million there, $3 million there, but they added up to a material number.
John Robert Strangfeld: Thank you very much. I'd just like to bring this back and close it with a few final thoughts. It's been a privilege to lead our company over the last 11 years and parenthetically 44 earnings calls during which we've significantly evolved and grown our business and delivered innovative solutions to our customers. And I'd like to personally thank all of our employees for their dedication and support as they are at the cornerstone of the company's success; success in delivering value to our customers, our community, and our stakeholders. And I'd also like to recognize the extraordinary partnership I have had enjoyed with Mark over the last 11 years, which is highly productive, personally enriching and an incredible and unforgettable example of the power of partnership, one that's based on mutual respect, complementary skills, and trust. And I look forward to Charlie and Rob experiencing the same kind of partnership as they moved forward, working together with an outstanding management team. With that, I'd like to thank you very much for your time and attention and wish you a good day.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Ryan, it's, Steve. I'll take that question. I think the pipeline looks very, very robust. Frankly, it looks as robust or even more so than we've seen in recent years. I think that's a combination of a couple of factors. First of all, the increase in interest rates and what that means in terms of higher funding levels for defined benefit pensions, means that more and more companies are in a position to transact. And propensity to transact continues to be powered by a growing awareness on the part of these companies of the longevity risk inherent in their plans. So the combination of those two things makes the pipeline look very, very strong. And we also feel very good about our ability to compete in the context of this pipeline. I say that in particular, because we have visibility on a strong pipeline in the large case market, call it $1 billion plus or minus and above, in which we are particularly well-suited to compete due to the capabilities that we built in the business around ability to bring transactions, to bring large transactions swiftly to an effective close. And the ability to onboard large numbers of participants and give them the type of customer experience that their plan sponsors expect and that the participants deserve. So again, strong pipeline, and we feel good about our position to compete in it.
Stephen P. Pelletier: There does tend to be a tendency that we've seen for the third and the fourth quarters to be particularly strong in pension risk transfer activity. That's been the case for the past few years now.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Nigel, it's Steve. I'll take your questions. Thanks very much. This quarter's ROA of 118 basis points reflects a couple of things that we'd mentioned. First of all, why we didn't call them out in our release or anything like that, we did have some one-time costs associated with the systems migration. That reflected about two basis points. Second, we also had higher variable selling costs which were included in that ROA calculation and that comes with the higher sales that we saw in the business in the quarter. That again, reflected for about another two basis points. So, if you build those things into the equation, we still see an ROA in the Annuities business that is very consistent with the guidance that we have given before of 120 basis point range give or take.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Nigel, this is Steve. I'd like to jump back in and just expand a bit on the question you asked about Annuities ROA; because in my response to that I mentioned the variable selling costs. And I think I'd like to put overall expense profile of the U.S. businesses year-over-year into context. In the overnight calls a few different people inquired about the increases in expenses in the U.S. businesses and I think the numbers that you were looking at very much included those variable selling costs. We look at our operating expenses exclusive of those costs, because those costs naturally go up and down with our sales levels and in a robust sales quarter, which we hope to continue, they were elevated this quarter. Year-over-year, the operating expenses in the U.S. businesses exclusive of variable selling costs were up 3%. That 3% includes normal inflationary adjustments. It also includes substantial investments that we are making in the current and future growth of our businesses and growth of their earnings. You're going to hear more about these investments in our guidance call next month, but suffice it to say for right now, we already see these investments paying off. I just call out a couple of examples. In PGIM, the investments we made in our distribution capabilities and in our product range have continued to drive flows and profitability in the business; and in Group Insurance the investments we made for example in disability claims management has been a big part of the earnings progress of that business. We also are making significant investments in our financial wellness value proposition and advancing that into the marketplace. And we're continuing to see a favorable impact, especially at the employer level. Since we embarked on this, call it a year-and-a-half plus ago, the financial wellness initiative has accounted for about $100 million in group premiums, which we consider to be an early indication of the success of this. But, like I say, these investments are already included in that 3% growth. The reason we're able to make these types of investments and still show very – a moderate and well-controlled expense growth is that we continue to – as Mark mentioned in his comments, we continue to find opportunities to create cost effectiveness and cost savings in the kind of call it, business as usual platforms for our businesses. It's not been our usual practice to make big announcements about finding these cost savings and to call them out with major cost – with major charges taken in association. This is part of our DNA; this is what we do year in, year out; quarter in, quarter out. And so again, we're able to make significant investments while showing well-controlled expense growth.
Stephen P. Pelletier: John, it's Steve. I'll address that question. We don't really think in terms of the run rate on the other related revenue because of the inherent variability of it. We have observed – just to be helpful, we have observed in the recent past that the mathematical average of that over the past few years has been right around the $50 million range, but I think we've also been careful to caution against looking at that as a run rate. What drove the lower number this quarter was a couple of things. Lower agency production, which is again going to be inherently variable quarter-to-quarter, but where we continue to see solid growth year in year out in our agency production. And the second is strategic investing. Strategic investing for us is very much associated with the extension of our product design and the launch of new product and the investment of seed money in those products. This quarter we put some seed money and did some strategic investing in some global and emerging market strategies, and emerging markets had a tough quarter. So that is just kind of associated with the extension of the product design.
Stephen P. Pelletier: I guess that's how it works out kind of mathematically, John, but I don't see – we don't see any particular correlation between the two.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve. I'll address your question. I think you're quite right in observing that we've been at the positive end of the range, the low end of the range or below. And that's for certain kind of fundamental reasons that we've spoken about, including well underwritten business and effective claims management. We do think that these trends that we've created in the business are for solid fundamental reasons and that that bodes well for their sustainability. We're not prepared right now to offer any change in the guidance we've previously given. But you're quite right in noting where we are and in the fact that favorable positioning is driven by fundamentals.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Erik, this is Steve again. We are quite interested in various opportunities as they may arise. We feel very good about our ability to kind of build the customer engagement funnel that we have in our financial wellness offering. Obviously the top of that funnel starts with the employer business – businesses as you mentioned of Group and Full Service Retirement and we're very alert to opportunities as they exist in addition to the organic growth that we've been able to sustain and in fact accelerate in various of our lines of business as witnessed by our strong Group sales earlier in the year and our strong Full Service sales throughout this year, including in particular this quarter. As we assess those opportunities, we will very much look at them in the context of the lifetime value of the customer because we feel we have built a capability to engage with customers throughout that engagement funnel in ways that will enable us to offer solutions to those customers that help them achieve their financial objectives and help us achieve that lifetime value. Having said that we will continue our longstanding approach of being a disciplined acquirer. And as we previously noted, some of the Group transactions that have taken place in the marketplace have taken place at multiples that let's just say have been highly elevated. But that's not to say that we don't continue to look for those opportunities, even as we continue to build momentum in our organic ability to expand that top of the funnel.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Alex, I spoke earlier about a couple of specific costs that are affecting this quarter's ROA. In addition to that as we previously pointed out, there was one factor that will produce very, very gradually over a multi-year period some pressure on the ROA, and that is the emergence of more of our business – the maturation of more of our business and its emergence into lower fee tiers. This is a very common pricing practice in the Annuities industry that the fee tiers lower some time at or after the end of the surrender charge period. And the facts are simple: we wrote a lot of highly profitable business in Annuities in the 2009, 2010, 2011 years when equity markets were suppressed and it was a good time to take on this risk. We were writing that business even as many participants in the market were pulling way back. So we do have a meaningful amount of business now emerging beyond the surrender charge period and into these lower fee tiers. But the emergence of that impact I will emphasize again is very, very gradual and occurs over a multi-year period.
Stephen P. Pelletier: Alex, Steve again. We feel that over the past several quarters, as we've advanced the financial wellness value proposition into the marketplace that that financial wellness offering has been accountable for, let me call it some $5 billion of our Full Service sales. So a healthy contribution to our momentum in the business.
Charlie F. Lowrey: Sure, Jimmy, it's Charlie. Sales in Brazil continue to go up. As Mark said, we have a record Life Planner count and so – and they have a high degree of productivity there. And so we see sales going up there. Sales in Korea and Taiwan were flat as we continue with our back to the basics strategy. And the number of Life Planners have been decreasing. Interestingly, and one really good thing that's happening in Korea, is that we have shifted a number of Life Planners, in fact a significant number of Life Planners, over to be sales managers. And as you've seen in Japan when we have done that in Prudential of Japan, our Life Planner business there, what happens is, you have about a year lag, but then you start increasing the number of Life Planners. And so I think our transition of Life Planners to sales managers in Korea bodes well for sales in the future.
Charlie F. Lowrey: Not as much. So much of the business we do isn't affected by the consumption tax. Some of it is in, say, the bank channel, but a lot of it is not. The consumption tax has to do with both where the business is done and also the size of the business. And so it may have a marginal impact. But when the consumption tax went up a number of years ago, we didn't see a significant effect from it.
Charlie F. Lowrey: Not really. What happened in the POJ was there were a number of, let's call it, dominoes that all fell in the right direction. And this was throughout actually the businesses in Japan. So it happened with Gibraltar too. And that was some of the businesses just had sort of ones and twos fall on our direction. And then we had some expense timing things, which will probably fall into the fourth quarter. So we're not going to give you a number. But there were both those factors that led to what we would say an elevated income level this quarter.
