Strauss Zelnick: In terms of next gen, we're going to leave it to our business partners to discuss that and make announcements when they feel the time is right. But I think you're right to ask the question because those transitions can actually make -- create challenges for certain companies and create opportunities for others. Typically, the companies that are best positioned through the hardware transitions have been those with strong technology, strong owned intellectual property, top talent and strong balance sheets. And we think that describes us and doesn't describe too many of our competitors. It will be a challenge for us. Frankly, we see it as an enormous opportunity, and we expect to be at the front of the line when the time comes. In terms of the retail environment, I think we've seen in the U.S. in the past quarter, has been a dearth of high-quality releases. Our strategy for the better part of 5 years has been a limited number of the highest-quality releases. We're proud of the track record we've developed in executing against that strategy. And I think what you've seen is just not that many releases, and some of the releases that have come out in the last quarter have not been of the same quality as some might have hoped. It doesn't just affect frontline, of course, it affects catalog, because floor traffic, foot traffic, affects catalog. And in terms Europe, we are witnessing some softness in Europe, and we're not immune from that. And hopefully that's something that will turn around, but right now we are seeing some of that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean look, this past year, we've acknowledged that the financial results were meaningfully influenced negatively by slippage. And obviously, titles that slipped last year are farther along in their development cycles. So we feel quite confident about our upcoming release schedule. Not just Rockstar's release schedule, but 2K's as well. And in terms of share count, as you know, one does have the option to satisfy converts in cash or in stock. We do account as though those will be satisfied with equity. As you know, the share count changes depending whether you're reporting profits or losses. So it can appear to be more of a moving target than it is. But we felt that the right way to finance the organization has been the way that we've done it. We are not unmindful of the meltdown that occurred in the marketplace in 2008. And we think at the end of the day, the most important thing is to be a solid enterprise that can invest for the future. We have indeed taken some dilution. Look, when we compensate employees with equity, we take some dilution. The question is not the share count. The question is whether we're creating value at the same time because obviously, if our behavior is accretive, no one's concerned about the share count. So when we did the last convert, it was our goal that it would be accretive in the way that we spent that money. So far that money resides on our balance sheet. Now the good news is it's rather low-cost money. 
Strauss Zelnick: I agree with you. I think the second half is competitive. We are putting out titles that are anxiously anticipated by the market, and we've already discussed the lineup. But it includes Spec Ops, which is coming up, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Borderlands 2 and NBA 2K13 and BioShock Infinite and other titles that we haven't announced yet. So these are immensely high-quality titles, and we feel great about them. Again, the strategy that we pursued for 5 years has proven to be a sound one, which is a limited number of the highest-quality releases. There is no question that the market is not accepting lower-quality releases. There's just no question about that. But our strategy is only to put out high-quality releases. We're seeing the benefit of that not just in our frontline. We're seeing benefit in catalog. And as the digitally distributed business grows, we're seeing that our catalog has a great deal of value there, most recently with the profitable launch of Grand Theft Auto: 10th Anniversary Edition for mobile iOS and Android. Extraordinarily successful release for us, and that intellectual property is 10 years old. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of tablets, we are incredibly bullish on tablets, because we believe tablets will be ubiquitous in the coming years. We've been saying that for several years pretty loudly. And tablets, once their processing power and storage power is equivalent to a PC and if you believe in Moore's Law as I do, or at least currently do, that will be the case in relatively short order. So it should be a great gaming platform. It's highly portable, very high quality, great display and add a controller and a pair of headphones and you're all set. The business model remains to be seen. And there's a lot of work that needs to be done on the business model, because it is somewhat hard to discover content for the platforms. And it has to become seamless. And you don't want to count out the consoles, because consoles relied on their success a couple of decades ago for the fact -- on the fact that they were much better game platforms than PCs. Today a PC is a terrifically good game platform, yet the lion's share of high-end AAA content is made available and sold through the consoles. So I don't mean to count them out at all. The tablets, I think, will give us a terrific opportunity. Will they be available for -- will they be a great opportunity for a frontline product? Again, when the processing power is there and when the storage is there, I see no reason why not. However, we do have to work on the business model and how we get our products in the hands of consumers. And in terms of Max Payne 3, we have a terrifically robust line of downloadable content coming. We -- our aim at this company is to make our product available to consumers however they want it, to be very flexible on how we do it, but I'm not going to announce any particular SKUs right now. 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, we've announced that we've sold in roughly 3 million units. That is a terrific number by any standard, including our own. So no, nothing came down, and we're really pleased with the way that's rolling out. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, we feel pretty good, if not very good, about the upcoming years, although obviously, we're not providing any guidance or any insight into them. But we do feel good about it. The time of transition will create challenges for everyone, whenever that occurs, because as you know, the tie ratios begin to decline meaningfully at the end of the cycle when announcements are being made, and the installed base is low at the launch of the new console. But I think all of the players in the industry are giving some thought to what that means. Historically, this business has had a sine curve element, and the end of a cycle and the beginning of a new one has been a time when people see their revenues reduced, and depending what their fixed costs are, could dip into losses, which is why challenges are created for the weaker companies. It is very important that we be strong enough to withstand any of the challenges that we find. Obviously, we think we're being very thoughtful about the future, whatever it might bring, and we see primarily opportunity. As I said earlier, there are 4 elements that really matter in the transition: technology, talent, owned intellectual property and your balance sheet. And we think we tick off all the boxes. So I'm a believer that arrogance is the enemy of continued success. We're taking this very seriously. There are going to be challenges, but we feel like we're well positioned. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, you could imagine a situation where if you have a cloud gaming service and you have an Internet-enabled television that's easy use, then it would be somewhat easier for a consumer to play a game on a big screen without the intermediation of another device. But I'm not sure that's a difference or it makes a difference. Broader distribution is always a good thing for us. And if that occurs, look, we were a launch partner with OnLive, we're in business with Gaikai. We intend to be in business with anyone who speaks to consumers in the way they want to be addressed. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we've announced that Grand Theft Auto V is in full development. We haven't announced a release date yet. What we have said about the year is that we have some titles that we expect to release that are not announced yet, and we have a terrific slate coming up. And that's the guidance that we want to give you as of now. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we set up our Asia projects so that -- we worked with really capable partners in Asia for a couple of reasons. The primary reason was we have a healthy respect for things that we don't know, and these are -- when we entered into these projects, markets we didn't know that well, and some formats we didn't have a great deal of experience in. And we were fortunate that we're working with the very best in the business, Tencent in China, Nexon and XLGAMES in Korea, and these are very robust markets that have enormous appetite for many games. So one of the reasons we chose not to, for example, invest a huge amount of money in the U.S. market is because the U.S. market is exceedingly challenging from an MMO point of view. It is a market that really has only accepted 2 MMOs in the history of the business here in a big way, one that's obviously exceedingly robust now, one that was very robust until relatively recently. And apart from that, there hasn't been a lot of consumer acceptance. You can juxtapose that against China, where at any given time, 10 to 20 MMOs are generating a lot of revenue and a lot of profitability in the market. That's pretty compelling to us, and that's why we chose to pursue those markets first. And because we worked with partners, we were also able to mitigate meaningfully our exposure in the case that things don't work out as planned. So we don't have a meaningful financial exposure. We do, however, have a very meaningful opportunity to make money in the market if things go well. We haven't announced launch dates. We do expect to be able to share some progress in the relatively near future. And on Max, we don't project tie ratios -- and I guess it goes without saying, but I'll say it anyhow, it's our aim to delight consumers. And if we give consumers what they want, they show up for. I have -- Max is an amazing game. The multiplayer is amazing. The reviews reflect that. The New York Times review was just extraordinary. The Guardian review was extraordinary. IGN review was extraordinary, and the word of mouth was extraordinary. I think the downloadable content will be incredible. It certainly was on Red Dead. I'm not sure you can look forward to any zombies, but you never know. And I think it's going to be phenomenally successful. We don't project tie ratios. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, as Karl said earlier, one of the reasons that we're excited about these projects that are ongoing is if they're successful, they have the opportunity to diversify and smooth our revenues and profits. So that would be a good thing in the case of a dip related to a console transition. But that's not our primary motivation, because in order for that to happen, we still have to deliver great titles that consumers love. And first and foremost, our mission is to serve consumers, is bring them incredibly great interactive entertainment where they want it, when they want it, how they want it. Have we been conservative? I think we've been mindful of where we came from and where our expertise lies. And we bet on our intellectual property, and we bet on our own expertise, and then we've worked with A+ partners where we can learn something from them and where they're also willing to share the risk with us. As we get more confident, as we have some success, which I feel strongly that we will, I assume we'll also be willing to move out along the risk spectrum. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, again, there's no distinction between digitally delivered revenue and physical revenue, and we don't manage to a number there. We make our products available on whatever platforms we think will resonate with consumers. There's a cost to making product available on platforms, so we have to be mindful of the investment we make to bring a product to a different platform and make sure that we project to profitability. We're being as aggressive as we can possibly be in terms of being ubiquitous, while still being mindful that there's a cost to that ubiquity. But we're not managing to a particular number. And digitally distributed content is the identical content. Consumers don't care about how they get stuff. Consumers care about quality, convenience and price. And the whole notion of digitally delivered content is a red herring in our business. We need to be focused on how do you serve consumers? What are the costs to serve them? How much money can we make? What are the price points? What are the marketing costs? What are the margins? What other costs are there? And our goal and our strategy is to have ubiquitous distribution, and if we had to deliver our products by carrier pigeon and we could make a profit doing it, we'd do that, too. There's no magic in digitally distributed content. Equally, all digital is not created all the same. We have 0 interest in negative-margin businesses. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we'd like to thank you very much for joining us today. We have a -- we're awfully proud of the progress we've made. We have an extraordinary outlook for this year. I think we're guiding to $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion in revenue, a very big number for our company; $2 to $2.25 a share in non-GAAP profits are expected. We have an awful lot of work to do to deliver that, and we are bound and determined to do so. We thank you for your support, and thank you for joining us today. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. The multiplayer component of Max Payne is simply just fantastic. And obviously, there's been -- you can follow the buzz yourself when you look at chat rooms and what people are saying about it. And I think that the Rockstar guys have done a -- they have taken multiplayer to a different kind of level. It's a very different kind of multiplayer than they've tackled before and let alone anybody in the industry. So we're really pleased with how it's rolling out at this point. And frankly, we think it's going to be a very important component to this game on a go-forward basis and one of the reasons why people continue to buy and continue to play. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. So just speaking to development capacity, it's interesting the way you position that the development capacity is decreasing in the industry. I'm not sure that, that's how I would characterize it. That may be empirically the case, but I think what you're really seeing is fewer titles, but they're bigger titles. And that doesn't necessarily translate to decreased development capacity. You're just talking about bigger projects, just fewer releases. And I think you will see that -- you're seeing it now. And I think you're going to see it going forward further into this generation and for the next generation whenever that comes. And I think that's something that we're experiencing, and we've actually been strategically pursuing that strategy for the better part of the last 4 or 5 years. And you see the rest of the industry coming along. So I don't think that's really a change for us. So if it's a change for other folks, I think they're going to have to change very quickly because look, that ship has sailed. The number of titles that are out there in the market are going to be reduced, there's no question about that. But I still think there's an awful lot of development capacity out there and a lot of opportunity for us to continue to make great games, not only with existing franchises, that we carry over into the next generation, but also with new IP. And as we've always said before, we need to invest in both, and we always feel strongly that we have to always be investing in both new and existing IP because that's how we think that we keep the pipeline fresh and create the most value we can. I hope that answers your question. I'm not sure if it did or didn't, but I think that's how we look at the next generation. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, and again, as we said before -- it's Karl, we also are making investments in certain things that really have nothing to do with console cycles at all, which, for example, the 3 projects we've got going on in Asia and our online initiatives. And if they are successful, we do expect that they could become meaningful contributors to us and smooth out that process, out that earning's curve. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, I mean, I also think it's important because when you put -- when you group mobile and social together, I think it's important to make a distinction because an enormous part of the market for mobile and social to this point has been a very casual consumer. And while we do, do some casual games, that has not been our focus. So I wouldn't necessarily consider us being less aggressive when you take into consideration that we know who we are, we know who we're not. And I think we've been very aggressive in terms of using those platforms in the context of the type of games that we do. But for the most part, those platforms have been more casual. 
