Strauss Zelnick: By linearity, I think what you're asking, Colin, is, should we expect a gentle constant upward sloping curve of our releases, net bookings and cash flow? And the answer is, we really are aiming to have a handful or greater of new significant releases every year from existing franchises and new intellectual property. And as you could tell from Karl's description, we have plenty of great content coming that reflects that desire. But it doesn't mean that in any given year, there'll be linearity as you put it. And this year, fiscal '21 reflects that. The good news is that with our strong catalog, with our live service offerings and with our annual releases, we can have great strength even in a light year, even though it's not our goal to have a light year and then do even better in the year where we have -- we're able to launch a number of titles, which is our strategy and even better than that, if we're fortunate enough to have a blockbuster title, and we have some of those as well. So the variability in our results, I don't think will ever go away, not when you have some of the biggest entertainment properties on earth that don't come out every year, that can't come out every year, if they are to remain the biggest titles. So that's my view on linearity. Definitely, our goal is to be smoother and to grow. There will still be some variability. And while I'd love to answer your question more broadly, I really think that's more a label question than anything else. As soon as we get into the nature of the content and what we're doing in the future, those questions are better answered by our labels. We aim to give as much visibility as we can on these calls. But when we get into specific core creative matters, we'll announce that at the label level in due time. 
Strauss Zelnick: And this is Strauss. Regarding engagement, Activate, which is a leading media consultancy, just provided us with some research. All groups, all age groups, all demographics during this COVID shelter-in-place time period, time spent with gaming has increased about 39%, while time spent with video, linear entertainment, has increased about 43%. So they're in the same ballpark, but linear entertainment did increase more. But what's interesting is their research shows that post-COVID, once people return to their normal routines, they expect time spent with gaming to grow at a greater rate, about 14%, a sustained increase of about 14% versus about an 8% sustained increase in time spent with linear entertainment with video compared to pre-COVID-19 levels.  So I think it represents a sea change, a shift, and we're going to begin to see meaningful growth in interactive entertainment that meaningfully outstrips the growth in linear entertainment, a trend that we've seen of late, of course. But I think that the lines are going to begin to diverge in the favor of interactive entertainment. And why do I think that? I think that sheltering at home, tragic as it is, sad as it is, has caused people to look for entertainment. And people have returned to interactive entertainment, new people have come to it, and they realize not only is it beautiful, not only is it engaging, not only is it fun and potentially competitive depending on the game, not only are there great stories and characters, but you can also be engaged with friends and communities all around the world. You can create new friends and communities all around the world while you're playing those games, and you can play with those people because you can connect with them. You can talk to them while you're playing over chat clients. So this is not a moment for celebration. We're deeply saddened by what's going on in the world, but the view -- I think the smart view is that all pre-existing trends have been accelerated by this crisis. And the shift to interactive entertainment and the growth in the sector is one of those trends. Now with all that said, we still have to execute every day. The growth in the sector is not going to help us if we don't make great games, if we don't deliver hits. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Brian. I'm sorry for the delay. We're all working remotely. We don't see meaningful differences regionally. And so far, we have not seen meaningful changes as regions have gone back to work. For example, NBA 2K Online in China now has 49 million registered users, remains the #1 PC sports title in China, and it was up 25% year-over-year. I think it was up about 40% in the quarter. So we are not seeing meaningful differences. We are not seeing significant changes as people head back to work, but I think it is fully our expectation that -- and I just -- I reflected that in the research I just quoted, that this level of engagement will not stay the same as things return to normal, but we do think it will be higher than it was before.  And in terms of working from home, look, we're very fortunate. We got a real wake-up call during Hurricane Sandy when we were not really particularly prepared and ever since then, which was quite some time ago. We've been a company, in addition to being a highly compliant company but a company that's on disaster recovery and we have state-of-the-art systems. In fact, we had planned, completely apart from this crisis, to have a work-from-home test day on March 12, and then it turns out -- we had to go live right about then. Anyhow, a week after that, we had 5,000 people effectively working from home, completely set up with all the equipment they needed. And because we know when people are connected online, of course, we could see that their productivity, if anything, had increased over working in the office and as people got used to sitting in one place with not much else to do in front of their desktops. We're fortunate. We have an incredibly talented, hardworking group of colleagues who really believe in this company's mission and who largely, I hope, mostly love working together. And we saw it as our mission to uplift people during this very difficult time. And we're very connected with our teams. We're talking to them all the time. I'm doing 3 town hall meetings next week on Zoom, 3 different time zones. I hope to connect with almost everyone who works at the company.  So it's gone incredibly well and we really haven't missed a beat. Over time, I think it gets harder, but I still don't expect that we will miss a beat. But it does get harder. I'm not of the view that you start shutting down your real estate and everyone works from home and it's just as effective. I think it's pretty close to as effective in a pinch, in a crisis like this where you have no choice and people see it's their obligation to pull together and do great work, but there's no substitute for in-person collaboration and connection. 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm sure there are many things that we have learned already and can learn. We haven't seen a massive change in our approach. And remember, when we talk about monetization, our goal is always to deliver a phenomenal entertainment experience, first and foremost. And we figure that if we do that, monetization takes care of itself. Our goal is not to constantly build monetization. Naturally, we need to get paid appropriately so we can share the proceeds with our talented colleagues and create a return for our investors and it's our job to do both. And we care about all of our constituents. So we're not a charitable organization. We're a for-profit organization. Obviously, we wouldn't be on the call if we weren't. But monetization isn't a problem for this organization. When we put out the best entertainment on earth, people show up for it. If we give them something that's incredibly valuable, they pay for it. We take it as axiomatic that the nature of an experience is the intersection of the quality of the experience and whether you feel you receive value for that experience. If you go to a phenomenal restaurant and have an incredible meal but the bill  [Audio Gap]  it should have cost, you're not going back. Even if you can afford it, even if you're price-inelastic, you're not going back. It just doesn't feel good. So we need to make sure that we always deliver more than what we charge, and that's the goal of our company and that's the goal of all of our labels. With all that said, with increased engagement comes increased monetization. You're seeing the effects of that in these results and in this initial guidance. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Brian, for your question. I think your question was also pretty good answer. It's sort of all of the above. Grand Theft Auto V is a 7-year old title. Obviously, it's been offered at lower price points than its initial release price point. And we do have a -- obviously an online offering, and there are monetization opportunities within that offering. So specific promotions with specific outlets with specific deals behind them can make sense to us. And we do believe that it's a great idea, in general, to grow the audience, grow engagement, grow users. And with that will come more net bookings and will come more profits. So that was the thesis behind it. We're very, very selective in those kinds of promotions, and they typically are only available for limited periods of time when they make sense for catalog titles. And we haven't yet made any announcements that we -- that are reflected in today's release. And as you know, we don't talk about specific new titles at these calls. We leave those discussions to the labels. 
Strauss Zelnick: I thought you were going to ask do we have everything in place to develop, and we still will be building up our development teams. In terms of marketing and distribution, yes, I mean one of the reasons that we've talked about the need for scale in order to have competitive operating margins. We already have competitive gross margins, highly competitive gross margins. To have competitive operating margins, you need scale with the same level of success of your games, and that's our goal here. But the reason you get those higher operating margins with more net bookings is because you don't build up your fixed overhead and your fixed overhead would typically include marketing and distribution expenses. I fully expect that our distribution will become more efficient as the world moves more to digital distribution. We already have a highly efficient distribution mechanism. And yes, with volume, you might increase your marketing head count modestly but not all that significantly. Naturally, our development head count is part of the cost of making a game. And you should expect with volume that our development expense goes up, and you're already seeing that. 
Strauss Zelnick: We still feel that our capital is used best in 3 different ways: First, to support organic growth. It has been an incredibly successful story for this company. This year is no exception. We've really only done one meaningful acquisition, which is Social Point. The second is to support a return of capital to shareholders, and we've done a great deal of that selectively and we've done it through buybacks. They've been opportunistic, and I think the highest price we ever paid was around $99, if I'm not mistaken. So obviously, so far, we've called that reasonably well. And then we've reserved capital and incredibly strong balance sheet for the possibility of very selective inorganic growth driven by acquisition. We're very disciplined. We're looking only for accretive deals. And you're right, there aren't a lot of opportunities. We're hopeful that there will be some opportunity that would move our company forward, potentially diversify its operations a bit and bring in intellectual property and talent. Those have been our rubrics.  We expect to stay squarely within interactive entertainment. You shouldn't expect us to diversify outside of it. And those opportunities are few and far between but they do exist. And done right, the benefit of that would be to have highly competitive operating margins. So we don't need scale for scale's sake. But if we want to be the best in the business, and we do, then our financial results have to reflect that. And that means we have to have highly competitive operating margins, and the only thing standing in the way of that for us is scale. But again, if you buy scale in a foolish way, it won't help you. And if you buy scale and then can't maintain the success of that organization, thereby ruining your gross margins, you obviously would not benefit your operating margin. Said another way, if you're going to do an acquisition, it has to be smart, it has to be accretive relatively quickly, if not immediately. And then post closing, you've got to integrate the business soundly and run the business successfully in order for it to make sense. That's a tall order. That's why most corporate acquisitions fail. That's why we're so incredibly disciplined. But we are of the view that there will be opportunities and, certainly coming out of this crisis, there may be more opportunities than we otherwise would have expected. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of how we look at growth, good news is we're operators. We're also investors. We also are big shareholders. We look at it exactly the way you would. We're looking for growth in net bookings. We're looking for growth in EBITDA. We're looking for growth in recurrent consumer spending because it reflects solidity in the business. It's much less volatile than initial releases could be. And finally, we're looking for growth in our stock price. And that's how we're judged. So we're judged from an economic point of view, largely on total shareholder return, as we should be. We're not judged at all on EPS, which I think is a terrible way to judge a management team for obvious reasons because you can fiddle around with it. Total shareholder return, there's no place to hide and that's how we're judged. So I think in exactly the way you would look at it, scale, because it's correlated with operating margins in the way that I said earlier, the scale of your operating profit or your EBITDA or your operating cash flow and, of course, your stock price. And on those metrics, we've done very well indeed for quite some time. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. We're -- our expectations for fiscal '21 have not been adjusted for the recent success that we've had in this tragic period in the back half of the year. So we're not counting on this level of engagement and spending to continue. Equally though, we are not planning for a deep, prolonged consumer recession. So I would say if you had to peg it, we're right there in the middle, where -- which is where we probably should be since we can't call it. My own personal view, which does not influence our numbers, is that we're going to see a relatively rapid consumer-driven recovery when the dust clears. And my own view is that dust is probably going to clear sooner than many people think. But I'm an optimist and we don't plan based on my opinions. So I would say we're right down the middle that we assume relatively stable economic conditions that if we were surprised and there were deep, ongoing consumer recession, we would not be [ influenced from it ] and our results could be negatively influenced by. And equally, if there was a massive unexpected expansion, that could benefit our results. So I think we're assuming relative stability. We are not assuming continued enhanced engagement and monetization, the likes of which we have seen recently. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Sorry. I think probably not much to add. We expect sequential growth year-over-year in fiscal '22, and that is driven by the release schedule that Karl described in the pipeline that we're investing in. So we expect some releases coming out of that pipeline in fiscal '22, and we expect them to generate sequential growth, so as simple as that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we just want to thank everyone for attending the call. Once again, we want to extend our best wishes to everyone who's listening today for your health, for your loved ones' health and our condolences for any losses that you or your loved ones have suffered. We know this is an incredibly challenging time. We feel blessed to be able to be of some small consolation by bringing light entertainment to people. We're proud of what we do. We're grateful to be able to do it. And once again, I want to express my gratitude to our colleagues for their dedication for showing up with smile on their face for doing such amazing work. The reason we're able to have these extraordinary results is solely a function of that work. So thank you so much for joining us, and our very best wishes. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I don't have a specific number there for you. Obviously, though, games that are coming out that are part of existing franchises, the rate of completion on that is obviously much, much higher. For new IPs, in various stages of development, I mean, for something that might be in a prototype stage, maybe you could be anywhere from -- it could be half the time or it could be 75% of the time, it really just depends. And we've got titles that are in various different stages of development in that pipeline that I suggested. And look, the more new projects that we have with new IP, you could probably expect that completion rate to be lower than if it was just all existing franchises. And we do have a lot of IP in there. And just to stress again, those numbers assume that all those things come out, which we know is not going to be the case, but it also assumes that nothing gets added to the release slate, which also is not going to be the case. So this is a larger pipeline than we've had before. We've been talking about this for quite some time. And our expectation is we'd like to keep up this velocity. It's really important for us to build scale, and this is one way that we're doing it. We need more to add that. 
Karl Slatoff: Sure. This is Karl for NBA. Look, obviously, we're hoping that we're going to have an NBA season, and we have actually been through -- we've had history with NBA seasons not starting on time in the past. We've had a strike situation in the past. So we have familiarity with that. We don't want to say that it wouldn't impact the game at all, but we tend to be able to continue our business in a robust way even in the light of delays in season starting or in different kinds of season starting. So obviously, all of us, around the world, hope that we've got an NBA season. If we don't for some reason, I think the game as a standalone basis is a compelling experience, and we'll be fine. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of the Mafia opportunity, Mafia has been an incredibly successful franchise for us over a long period of time between Mafia I, Mafia II and Mafia III. And just to give you an idea, Mafia III has already sold in -- about 7 million units or so. Mafia II is also incredibly successful and Mafia I as well. So it's been a significant contributor for us. We're really excited about the Trilogy. It is the same 3 games but it is -- there's obviously much more improvements that are occurring with the game. The Mafia I is going to be basically completely remade -- I mean it's not fully really remade but there's going to be new tech, there's going to be new voice acting, new game mechanics and a lot more than that. So there is quite a bit of work that's going into bringing out the Trilogy. And we've had great success with bringing out these collections. And again, even though they're not brand-new experiences, there's always a new audience to catch and then there's always a new experience depending on the generation that each of those individual titles came out where even existing fans can enjoy it in a different way. So it's been meaningful for us as a franchise, and we're really excited about the Trilogy coming out. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. In terms of engagement, I'm probably going to give you an answer that's not overly satisfying, but the answer to your question is it's really both. It's all of those things. It's new gamers. It's existing gamers. It's people coming back to the franchises. And we track all of that. We don't publicize it but we track all of that. And really, what keeps people coming -- if they're coming back -- and even keeps new people coming in, is a constant release of new content. I mean because every time we come out with new content, there is ultimately some publicity around that and it brings people back in the franchise. It keeps people engaged who are currently engaged with the franchise, and it also brings new folks in. So it really is all of the above. And I really haven't seen that change so much specifically as it relates to anything going on during the pandemic, but obviously, there are other avenues open to us to bring new folks in. I mean we're always playing with pricing models. We mentioned we're doing things like putting things into subscription-oriented services or getting things away for a certain time. All of that generates new excitement and engagement for our franchises and for our games. That is -- hopefully continues well into the future. It isn't just a temporary thing, and we've seen that time over time.  And I'd like to point out we're still really in experimental mode. We're getting better and better and our investment in data analytics really allows us to show -- to see in real-time what these things do for us. Where do we get the most engagement? How does a new player coming in, in a free context or subscription service context or in a low price context compare to someone who came in paying full price? What does that cohort look like? And we're getting better and better at analyzing that so that we optimize all of our promotional activity to maximize our economic opportunities. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. The -- yes, you're right, we did not break it down by label but there are releases obviously from all of the labels. We don't really have anything to share in that regard, but there are quite a few releases from all of our labels, including Private Division, 2K, Rockstar and Social Point as well.  And in terms of the breakdown, how that works, so if there is a sequel that comes out, if there's a franchise that -- something that comes out every year, this is our -- a view of our entire pipeline. So yes, that would be counted. 
Karl Slatoff: Well, look, there are certain sports obviously that are not going to drive the audiences that you're going to get with, for example, NBA or FIFA or with football. Obviously, we're very excited about moving back into football. The NFL is one of the most powerful brands in the world. We've been in the NFL business before. We've excelled in the NFL business before. Although we're not going into the simulation space, we're very excited about what we can bring -- that we can bring to that market. So we think there's significant opportunity for us to expand within that market, just where we are now. But you're right, some of the other smaller sports, you're not going to be able to spend the kind of money that you can on the bigger sports to drive your economics. You need to balance it out. So by definition, smaller audiences, smaller sports, you're going to need to balance it with smaller development budgets. But that doesn't mean there's not a lot of opportunity to be -- to make -- to generate significant economics because once you actually get people into -- there -- obviously, there's correlation between the popularity of the sport and the game itself, but it's not necessarily limited to that. So people who aren't golf fans can play golf games. That -- we've seen that over and over again. And we think that there's an opportunity for us to go into some of these sports and do very, very well, of course, with a reasonable budget, but to bring best content we can to the consumer, engage them and then the economics will come. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. Well, I think what you're really talking about is how -- our approach to new IP because for the most part, we have leaned in the industry, generally speaking, and obviously at Take-Two as well because we've got such huge, powerful franchises. We've leaned into those franchises and generated significant economic results driven by the consumer engagement with them. But we still think it's critical to invest in new IP to keep that fresh pipeline going because you never know where your next hit is going to come from. But you can't -- but you're right, you can't invest in the same way that you do in your franchise. So you do have to take a different approach to it. We're always continuing to seek new, innovative ways to enhance our product portfolio, including bringing out new IP that has a chance to be successful.  And it doesn't necessarily have to happen in the first iteration. I always like to use the example of Bruce Springsteen. It took him a long time to even hit a gold album. It took him a few releases to get there. You need to curate these front titles. So the idea is take as many shots as you can to do so in such a way that if it doesn't work out, you don't lose your shirt but then you create some kind of reaction. There's something great about something that you did. And maybe the first one isn't economically powerful, but the idea for us is always to grow iteration after iteration. So on the second one, when we know we've got an audience, we can invest a lot more and expand that marketing budget, expand that development budget and push that franchise forward. That's what franchise development is all about. You don't have to come out off the bat and be successful at the same level as a Grand Theft Auto or an NBA day 1. If you take that approach, you'll never launch anything new. I mean that's just shortsighted. And it's tempting. There's no doubt about it to do that because it's very, very efficient and the margin structures are enormous, but I think we're limiting ourselves creatively and economically if we take that path. And that's not what we're doing. But we have to be mindful about our investment levels and be patient and look at franchise development over the long term. I mean our franchise has -- almost in every single case, iteration -- release after release, have grown. They don't go the other way, and there's a reason for that because we take the long view. 
Karl Slatoff: Well, to the extent that you've got a title that takes off unexpectedly, the -- you certainly can pivot resources on the go. And if there is a significant opportunity to do so through recurrent consumer spending, then you can absolutely do that and you can extend the life of a franchise. I mean Borderlands is actually a great example because when Borderlands 2 took off -- Borderlands 1 was successful. Borderlands 2 took off like crazy. Our DLC plan expanded on a daily basis. I mean I don't remember what our original DLC plan, but it wasn't 10 to 12 releases, which is where we ended up. So you can always invest more over time and you can obviously do that in a game where you've got a robust micro-transaction model. But what you can't do is you can't change the nature of the game. That would be suicide because the reason you have a hit is because people like the way it is. So if you get the audience going and you change the nature of the game surely with the motivation of creating -- of extracting economic value from the consumer, you run the risk of screwing up the franchise. And again, that's not something that we would do. 
