Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Karl and Lainie. Our strategy of delivering a select portfolio of the highest quality entertainment experiences continues to serve us well and remains one of the core values of our organization. We strive diligently for excellence with each release. And while that’s not a guarantee for success, it has proven to be the predictable outcome. We continue to balance our creative passion with the rigor and discipline to deliver profits and value to our shareholders over time. I’d like to take a moment to thank our colleagues for their dedication and hard work and our shareholders for their continued support. And we’ll now take your questions. Operator.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks James. Look, Grand Theft Auto stands alone. It’s a unique property. And I think we’re all extraordinarily excited about this title, and we think it’s just going to blow people away frankly at a level I don’t think anyone properly anticipates yet. And the reason that the title is coming out in September is because that’s the time required to make sure it’s everything everyone expects and then some. As it happens, I think September is a great window. The fact is it’s a very open field that early in the fall. And as between late spring heading into the summer doldrums or early fall in an open field, that wasn’t the reason that the title moved, but I think it happens to be a terrific time to launch it. And in terms of next-gen, look, as we all know, first of all, nothing has been announced yet, but assuming the consoles are coming when some of us at least think they are, that’s obviously a very light installed base initially. And I’m confident that this company is going to have an extraordinary array of offerings for next-gen when the time comes.
Strauss Zelnick: We previously announced the range of losses based on a legacy deal that we inherited. I think we said it was typically around $30 million a year. We also announced that that deal entered a sunset period and ultimately expired on its own terms. And the expectations about a new MLB release obviously reflect a new deal. And we are very optimistic and enthusiastic about both the creative elements of that and the financial elements of that.
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of post-sale revenue opportunities, to answer that, I’d have to sort of outline what the expectations are, and I’m going to leave it to Rockstar to talk about the game and what comes after. But just as I said, we couldn’t be more enthusiastic. Our full-game downloads come from an array of places, including Steam, and in terms of our margins, we’ve said this many times before, they are slightly higher for digitally distributed products, but not meaningfully so.
Strauss Zelnick: If that happens, and, look, the current consoles allow for all kinds of different media consumption. But if you’re talking about the consoles becoming a set-top box, first of all, I’d be happy to debate that endlessly and I could probably take both sides of the debate, as you know, Ben. But I think the answer is it doesn’t really influence us. People have access to a full array of media choices as it is, and we’re thrilled by that because the launch of new platforms is great for a company positioned the way we are positioned, and tablets have been great for us so far and mobile devices are great for us. Our job is to make the highest quality interactive entertainment and meet consumers where they are, wherever they are in the world, whatever device they want to consume our products on, and be flexible about the business models as well. So do I think that a broad-based offering from a next-gen console affects us? Only to the benefit of people who are more engaged with something they can watch high-quality entertainment on, from us it’s probably a good thing.
Strauss Zelnick: Arvind, thank you. We don’t actually talk about attach rates, and ARPUs and the like. Our focus here on a creative basis is what drives the organization, and every year the folks at Visual Concepts try to make basketball better and this year is almost highly rated basketball game we’ve ever had with a 90 Metacritic score and we sold in 4.5 million units. And the unit sales reflect the fact that we are delighting consumers. We’ve offered the opportunity to have a multiplatform experience on the go and for the first time the opportunity is to make in-game purchases. All those things make consumers happy. Happy consumers spend more money. We make more money. It’s a virtuous circle. We tend to think of it that way, we tend to think of it less as a specific numeric attach rate, although of course we could back into that figure. But it doesn’t really tell us very much about what we’re trying to do around here. The same thing with Borderlands. We are putting out digital add-on content because that’s what consumers want. We try to price it fairly. We want everyone’s experience of one of our games to be one where they thought they got more value than the value they paid for and that they’re always happy. And that’s why Metacritic says for the past four years we’ve had the number one quality rating among any third-party publisher. That’s why we have the results we have, and that’s why we have $450 million of cash on our balance sheet.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, the retail landscape is interesting. If you go back just nine months, things were looking pretty bleak and there were a lot of people just saying the industry is in decline. And we denied that that was the case. It’s certainly not our view. Our view was the industry had had some disappointments, and frankly we’ve had some disappointments. This is an industry that, like all entertainment businesses, relies upon hits for its health and well-being. And it’s further complicated by the nature of the hardware console cycle. And we are heading into the late stages of that cycle. All that said, there’s a huge install base. And you give people what they want, they come out for it. This quarter is living proof of that. BioShock Infinite is shaping up really well. The buzz is extraordinary. The title has already won a lot of awards. We have the highest expectations for it.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. Your point about on ongoing relationship with consumers is a good one, because just a few short years ago we’d put out a big release and that was pretty much it, then you’d put out your catalog offerings. This company had a faded strategy to build up its catalog offerings based on the quality of what we do, and I think pound for pound we have the best selling titles per SKU in the industry which reflects our quality. Then we were also a standard bearer in delivering our content for our titles with the launch of Grand Theft Auto IV and the downloadable content packs that came along with that. And you’re wise to point out Borderlands because Borderlands itself has been a standard bearer for add-on content delivered digitally, well done. Does that mean that these games will transition into a situation where you are constantly putting out new episodes and that bridges you from release to release? We don’t see the business shaping up that way but it does mean that the life cycle is extended greatly and we’ll continue to experiment with what this means creatively for consumers. I also think as you see tablets roll out and become the more and more important game platform that episodic treatment of games may become much more relevant for tablets given the perceived price point limitations for a tablet. But we’ll see if it turns out that way. What you are hearing though is we are not role based, we are flexible. We will try anything that delights consumers as long as it fits within the rubric of the very highest quality releases in the industry.Daniel Ernst – Hudson Square Research:  Great. Thanks for the color. And just one other follow-up on next-gen, what you’re thinking about development budgets having to develop for both the current gen and the next-gen on some key titles. So in the sports titles, or annual type of events is that going to strain development budgets heading into next fiscal year? Thanks.
Strauss Zelnick: We don’t have any reason to believe our development budgets will change significantly and if anything I would say we’ve become group wide much tighter in terms of how we spend our money. There’s been a challenge, a stated challenge for us and we are very, very focused on it. So we can’t say specifically, but no, we don’t expect to see a meaningful change and what it cost us to release these top quality products.Daniel Ernst – Hudson Square Research:  Great. Thank you.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, you’re right, navigating this part of the cycle is a challenge. I’m actually really pleased with the way we’ve done it. Obviously, we’ve released our major release schedule for the coming periods and we’re excited about that. We really can’t talk much about next-gen because we’re not the ones to talk about it first. But rest assured that, around here, we think as far ahead as we possibly can, as do our creative teams. And everyone is really excited about the possibilities and we’re working diligently on them. And I’m very confident that we’ll navigate the transition when it does occur successfully. I’ve said before and I’ll repeat it, there are four elements that you need to succeed in these transition periods. And that these transition periods present enormous challenges for companies that don’t have them and enormous benefits there for those who do. They are strong owned intellectual property, strong creative teams in-house, strong technology and a strong balance sheet. We have all four.
Strauss Zelnick: All of the above. Our opportunities, we obviously go where the audiences are. So in certain instances, we are not going to spend the resources unless there is a demonstrated audience. When you have the top intellectual property in the business, you can afford to be a little reticent. The one thing we wouldn’t do would be support everything at enormous expense to our P&L and our balance sheet without knowing where the audience is going. But we’ve always been willing to support meaningful initiatives very early on, even when there wasn’t a big installed base. And I imagine that selectively we’ll do that. What typically happens is our creative teams look at the opportunity and they weigh the cost and the complexity of supporting the platform with the potential audience and the economic opportunity, as well as the creative opportunity and whether it turns them on or not. Our stated strategy though is not to be rule-based, to be flexible, and to be wherever the consumers are.Mike Hickey – National Alliance Securities:  Great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Strauss Zelnick: We haven’t seen a meaningful difference as yet, but it’s kind of swamped by the various growth factors and different territories of the different devices and also swamped by the fact that we don’t put out everything for every platform simultaneously. So, I’m not sure we can read it that well. We’re still really in early-stage experimentation mode. And I’m sorry, your second question? We haven’t really talked about how we’re rolling out in other territories. We do have the rights and the ability to roll out in other territories. And we are always balancing the opportunity with the risk. It’s still early days, but we are exceedingly encouraged by what we’re seeing in Asia, and we are now generating revenue and cash flow from Asia.
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to thank everyone for attending today’s call. Obviously we are very encouraged by the results we have released we are excited about in BioShock Infinite, we are very focused on that. And on keeping the momentum going on in our digitally delivered offerings and our catalogue offerings and of course we are all immensely excited about next year’s releases, including but not limited to Grand Theft Auto V. So it’s a good time for us. We are very encouraged, very optimistic. And again thank you for joining us.
Karl Slatoff: Yes, and as we said in our statements, we expect that title to contribute to the profitability of 2K Sports.
Karl Slatoff: It’s Karl. The other piece is it also creates a potential opportunity for the console to penetrate deeper than they are right now. If it’s attractive as a broad media device, then there may be folks out there that pick it up not as a gaming machine, but in fact now they have access to a gaming machine, and it may encourage them to enter the gaming market as a consumer.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, it’s Karl. As we said in our comments, we’re very pleased with how the metrics are tracking NBA in China right now on the Tencent platform. In terms of how fast we’re going to be rolling it out other territories, et cetera, we really don’t have anything else to say about it at this point. But like we said before, we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made together with VC and Tencent.Saul Ponedd – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just how did the economics differ just between like the various regions? Is it...
