Strauss Zelnick: Well, I think it's a great question. And clearly, when you have the right title like a Fortnite or Apex Legends, free-to-play can be a powerful model. We also have some great free-to-play games, NBA 2K Online in China with 45 million registered users and recurrent consumer spending was up over 70% in the fiscal year. So we've -- and WWE SuperCard has been downloaded over 19 million times, and that's up net of platform fees, I think, 13% in the fiscal year. So we have numerous games here that are free-to-play. Social Point's entire business is a free-to-play business. That said, I don't really see the business transitioning to a free-to-play model, primarily because the hit ratios are so very low. And the hit ratios for our core business are exceedingly high because of our attention to quality, or at least that's what we attribute it to, something like 80-plus percent hit ratios. It's practically unheard of in the entertainment business, broadly. In terms of your broader question, which is could you imagine a situation where in maturity, you decouple one experience from another, I think the answer is we tend to be very flexible about business models over time and we want to be where the consumer is. Those business model decisions, when they -- with regard to a particular title are driven by our labels, although we all are pretty tight-knit group, consult with one another. But you'd want to look to our labels for any updates on how business models might shift. I think the answer is we're open-minded. We want to deliver to the consumer on an ongoing basis. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your questions. Rockstar said that Red Dead Online will be coming out of beta in the current quarter, and there's content to come on an ongoing basis, including when it comes out of beta. So I think we have very high expectations for that title going forward. And I would observe that if you compare how Red Dead Online is doing at this stage of the game in terms of the initial release and the movement into beta, Red Dead Online is performing better than Grand Theft Auto Online did at the same stage of the game. So we have terrific expectations, as does everyone in the company. And of course, the folks at Rockstar feel great about the upcoming content drops. In terms of next-gen consoles, we certainly pay attention to when new hardware offerings are coming, new business model offerings are coming, and that would inform our decision-making around releases. We don't really see the next generation as being particularly disruptive because technology is pretty fluent or we're pretty fluent with technology at this point. So the last time we had a cycle that was challenging, I think, for us and for the industry was not this past one, it was the one before where a couple of companies really landed in trouble. And that historically had been the case for the interactive entertainment business. That didn't happen in this past console shift, and I don't expect it'll happen here. So the answer is, of course, we'll be mindful of the change, but it wouldn't be determinant of what we would do. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. On subscription services, we're open-minded. We want to be where the consumer is. We also have to be in a place where it makes sense for our creative folks and for our shareholders. So you need to find that intersection in business models that serve the customers successfully and also serve everyone else who participates in the value chain. And that may prove to be a little challenging for subscriptions in this space because I think people will consume -- people do consume video games differently than they consume linear entertainment. Just to put in context, American households consume on average about 5 hours a day of linear programming, about 150 hours a month and about 1.5 hours a day of interactive entertainment, so 45 hours a month. And if you watch 0.5-hour show or 1-hour show or 2-hour movie, you tend to watch it once unless you're a kid, who may watch things multiple times, which implies a whole lot of products consumed in a month. So you could imagine an all-you-could-eat offering or offerings would be appealing to consumers. In the case of video games, it's possible that an average user in those 45 hours might be playing 1, 2, maybe 3 titles, certainly not 70 titles. And so in that event, if you play 1, 2 or 3 titles and you play them for months in a row, which often happens in our world, then a subscription model may not be such a great deal for the customer. So this all remains to be seen. And again, we're open-minded. We want to be where the customer is. But I don't think it's a foregone conclusion that subscription will be as massive for interactive entertainment as it has proven to be for music and motion pictures and television. But we'll see.  With regard to streaming technology and what it could mean for us, we're very optimistic about the notion of streaming technology, bringing our titles to consumers who currently don't have access to them. The promise of being able to sign on to a service with virtually no barriers, without a box in between and being able to play our games on any device whatsoever around the world and to do with low latency, well, that's very compelling if that can be delivered. And the folks at Google minimally have said it will be delivered and will be delivered in relatively short order. Conceptually, we want to be where the consumer is and we'll support new entrants. And we are a believer in streaming services. Again, we need to have business models that make sense for us. So far, we're pretty optimistic. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of supporting the Epic Games, look, we think, as I said earlier, more distribution is a good thing. And while it's rare that we'll do exclusives for any period of time, we'll continue to support Steam with our title, with catalog, and these titles will be going to Steam relatively quickly after their initial availability exclusively on the Epic Games store. 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of mobile strategy, yes, obviously, we are investing in Social Point and new IP and Social Point and also around their existing games. So that is one component of our mobile strategy. We continue to invest outside of Social Point. Obviously, Social Point is a significant part of our strategy going forward, but we have been investing in other parts of the company at Rockstar and at 2K all along. Certainly, with 2K, with WWE SuperCard, the idea is to bring our current franchises into mobile environments. And we really do that by coming up with new games, SuperCard is one example of that; bringing our existing titles on to platforms for those titles that can actually be played on those platforms from a technological perspective; and also, companion apps. We've had a number of titles that have companion offerings that can be played alongside of our main games. So we've been doing that all along, and I think you can expect us to continue to do that and invest towards that. But a huge part of our strategy obviously is Social Point. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And turning to your question about China, without regard to the most recent news about tariffs, we remain very optimistic about the opportunities in China. We obviously have a big title there with NBA 2K Online 2 in China with 45 million registered users. We just received approval for the NBA title in China on PS 4, which is great news. So the approvals have restarted. We've great partner in Tencent. We have other partners there as well. And we think it's a big and growing market. I mean like everyone else, we feel it's important to have an appropriate resolution on trade with China. I think it's right that our government is taking it seriously. I probably won't make any other comments about tactics. It's not really what I do for a living. But I do think it is a serious matter, and for the entertainment business broadly, a very serious matter. Entertainment is America's second largest export after aerospace. So we do think it's important that we have appropriate reciprocal trade policies around the world. And we do believe that those -- the issues that we're currently facing will be sorted out. Can't call the timing, though. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we haven't given out statistics, particularly on conversion from people who purchase Red Dead Redemption 2 into Red Dead Online. But we did say that more than 90 million people were engaged with Rockstar Games titles in the last fiscal year, which is nothing short of extraordinary and the progress looks terrific. So our expectations are high, and we feel really good about how things are going. And in terms of our labels being hard at work on ongoing titles, including new IP and sequels, we were talking about everyone who works around here, yes. 
Strauss Zelnick: In terms of upcoming releases, we do let our labels talk about what's coming next. We leave those announcements to them. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think your question was regarding the initial launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 and then the beta of Red Dead Online and then ultimately coming out of beta and how that timing looks. And answer is we think it looks just fine. There'll be marketing around the coming out of beta. There'll be marketing around the new content. And as I said earlier, if you compare it to how Grand Theft Auto Online developed, we're ahead of where we were with that title, and that's turned out to be a great success. So we feel really good about it. Your second question was, are we putting together a backlog of content to release later after an initial release. And the answer is, sometimes we do, often we don't. It depends on the title and nature of the content and which label it's coming from. So it all depends. But generally speaking, when we put out a title initially, we are putting out the full release. That is a well thought out, complete, entire start-to-finish title. We're not holding something back in hopes of monetizing it later in a different way. We're driven by delivering the best experiences known to men. And Karl said this earlier, we believe if we focus on engaging the consumer and giving them way, way, way more than they expected and way more value than they paid for, then good things will follow, including monetization. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I was referring to the nature of the engagement and where we are technically in the process. Obviously, we have vastly more experienced today than we did when we launched Grand Theft Auto Online and much more sophisticated infrastructure. So that's what I was really referring to. And on the rest, we don't have any specific information to give. We're very enthusiastic and optimistic. And the next thing we'll be talking about is how it's doing. 
Strauss Zelnick: So just on the content side, there is more to come for -- obviously for Red Dead Online and for Grand Theft Auto Online. And now Rockstar will make those announcements in the fullness of time, but there is more to come for both, and we feel very good about it. We do have titles coming in the fiscal year that have not been announced yet. They are part of our guidance, however. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, just in terms of Article 17, we haven't heard that it reflects on the video game space at all. So as far as we know, there's no impact whatsoever. On the loot boxes question, just to put in context, that mechanic is responsible for less than 3% of our net bookings in the past fiscal year, so it's not material to us. We have used the mechanic in the past. So it is something we've seen and we think it's just fine. There has been some noise around it, particularly internationally. As I said, we think it's a perfectly reasonable mechanic; however, it forms a very small part of our business. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I just wanted to say thank you very much for joining us today. We're proud of the year that just finished. We are incredibly optimistic about the year to come. We have a great lineup and wonderful titles in development, and all that's driven by a phenomenal creative and business team, nearly 5,000 people strong all around the world, and those are the people that we want to thank. We're grateful to all of our colleagues for these terrific results. Thank you so much for joining us today. 
Lainie Goldstein: We're not providing sales estimates for Borderlands 3, but it's always our goal to grow sales with each new release from our popular series. Borderlands 2 launched in September 2012, and by the end of October 2012, we announced that we had sold in more than 5 million units. And then on October 29, 2013, a year later, we announced we had sold in more than 7.5 million units. And to date, Borderlands 2 has sold in nearly 20 million units. So for Borderlands 2, we have really high expectations, and we're really excited about the title. In terms of the margins on Borderlands 3 compared to our other titles, it's in line with our internally developed titles. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, so as we mentioned, Grand Theft Auto Online is going to be lower throughout the year. And we have growth for NBA 2K and for Red Dead Online. And then we'll also have recurrent consumer spending for Borderlands towards the end of the year. 
Lainie Goldstein: So Rockstar online, the 2 games together will be slightly down over this year, but the plan is for the 2 together to be growing over the long term. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of Google Stadia, as Strauss mentioned, it presents some new and exciting opportunities. And as with all platforms, our development teams are hard at work to maximize our product performance, take advantage of USPs so they'll work outside IP and create unique engagement opportunities through each platform and offering. With that said, we've not formally announced any titles for the platform at this time. And in terms of R&D expense and capitalization, since we have a lot more titles -- projects that we're starting up in our early stages, there'll be more going to the R&D expense versus starting to be capitalized at this time for this year. 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the marketing expense, we have a greater number of titles releasing this year, which is why the marketing expense is higher. So even with Red Dead Redemption marketing coming down from last year, we have marketing for Borderlands 3, Outer Worlds, Ancestors, I've got marketing for Red Dead Online, NBA and WWE. So that's why marketing expense is higher this year. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. So yes, our R&D expense -- spending is definitely up. And we said it many times before, one of our biggest priorities is building scale in the organization, and we specifically want to do that through organic initiatives. And all of that is reflected on higher R&D. In terms of what you're going to see in the pipeline, it really is all over the entire company. We've got new investments at Social Point, we've got new investments in Private Division. You're already seeing 2 new titles coming out in this coming fiscal year in Private Division. So obviously, the pace is starting to pick up in there. There's also a lot of investment at the 2K level. Michael Condrey is coming onboard. We haven't said much about that game yet because it's very early. But it stands to reason that we're not just investing to invest for years and years and years without actually getting the releases coming out. You will expect to see these investments coming to fruition over the next few years. So I think you will, in fact, see the velocity pick up on this. Exactly what that means, I can't tell you right now, but I can tell you that there's certainly a lot of titles in the pipeline. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I agree. I mean the NBA, generally speaking, is just growing leaps and bounds, I guess, pun intended in that regard. And it's really exciting for us. And we like to think that we're part of that because what we do at -- what 2K does with the NBA game is they really are part of the fabric and the culture of that organization and of the fan base. And it's been a very symbiotic relationship between our 2 organizations, and I think we feed off each other and it's been a terrific partnership and it is exciting. When you've got expansion and interest in Europe and in Asia, we try to follow that expansion. And from a marketing perspective, a distribution perspective and also at times from the development perspective, if we think that there's a certain category or certain area or a certain player that resonates in a specific area, then we will try to market towards that player or towards that particular organization, like The European Leagues, et cetera. So there's a lot that we can do, not to mention all the localization work that we do as well. So it is really exciting. It still is a predominantly American -- North American business for us, as you would expect. But our international component is growing, and I think that we've an opportunity to over-index internationally. 
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of comparing ourselves to other games in the sport business, specifically to soccer, we don't really give out those kind of -- that kind of data, that kind of comparison. But I can tell you this is that we believe we have a lot of room there to go in terms of our specific opportunity around NBA 2K and our recurrent consumer spending model. And it's important to note that our recurrent consumer spending model is also pretty broad. It's not just one specific thing. It's not just card battle, for example. And there's other things as well. And we do believe that, that broad monetization strategy gives us a lot of upside in the future. But in terms of comparing ourselves to FIFA, for example, we just haven't done that. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes, the reference of the 10 games was to Social Point specifically. So that's what that was referring to. So there is a broad pipeline there and a lot of games that are coming out to release. In terms of recurrent consumer spending model around NBA, it does monetize -- there are a lot of things that you can do to draw content. The most important -- to drive engagement. And the most important thing is that you want the players engaged. If people are engaged and they're engaged with the game, then the monetization takes care of itself. And whether that's buying cosmetics or training modes for the Road to 99 or something around one-on-one matchups, it's pretty, it's well diverse or the car battles, all of these things monetize well. They monetize differently, but that's not really the point. I think the point is as long as people are playing the games, and our philosophy is we want them to play the entire game, not just one mode, though specifically that may happen to monetize better than another mode. That's -- our focus, though, is to have people play as much of the game as they possibly can, and we worry about the monetization piece later. 
