Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your questions. You're right. There's an awful lot of interesting things going on in the world of user-generated content and there have been for some time. And we're open-minded and we want to support the community. At the same time, it's terribly important that we and others protect our intellectual property. So that's the rub. The rub is to find a way to engage consumers on the one hand and enable them to express their interest and even their creative desires in the context of our properties. And there are numerous ways to go about that. And I believe we will explore many of those ways, again, in the context of protecting our intellectual property. With regards to Grand Theft Auto, it may shock you to learn that I'm probably not going to comment much on content to come from Rockstar Games. We're so grateful for the extraordinary results that we've had with all Rockstar titles. And in fact, all titles coming from throughout the organization. Grand Theft Auto Online set another record past fiscal year. We sold in over 145 million. So we're very optimistic about what there is to come, including more content. And stay tuned, because Rockstar Games will be talking more about that in the future.
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks for your three questions. In terms of how we're doing despite the pandemic, look the team has just performed so well. We were very fortunate. Our IT group had us fully prepared for a disaster and we could never predict the pandemic, but a week after we had to start working from home, we were all set up remotely and we were highly productive and we stayed highly productive ever since. We had virtually no slippage. The only title that actually moved as a result of the pandemic was Kerbal Space Program 2 which moved out of this fiscal year and we're super excited about that title and it will be coming. The rest of our production stayed on target and the quality has been amazing as you've seen in our results. We are highly confident in our pipeline going forward. As Karl said though the price that we pay for being as transparent about our future pipeline is that certain things will change. We hope that certain things will change to the good, certain things may also disappoint us. At this point in time, we feel very good about the way our production is unfolding and we don't see any concerns on the horizon. With regard to M&A our strategy remains the same. We have a very strong balance sheet. We have the ability to do everything from modest add-on acquisitions. For example, we acquired HB Studios. Two more substantial acquisitions such as the acquisition of Playdots last calendar year, and prior to that the acquisition of Social Point. There's no secret in that we wish to bulk up our mobile offerings. We're certainly trying to do that organically. We have many titles coming from mobile from Social Point and Playdots and 2K. And at the same time, we're open-minded with regard to acquisitions. Our lens is pretty disciplined. And the result of that disciplined lens is that in 14-years we haven't had one failed acquisition. I'm sure we've also missed some opportunities by being overly disciplined. But on balance it's worked out well for us. Our capital is used for three purposes; returning capital to our shareholders, which we've aggressively done over many years although opportunistically supporting organic growth which is our story around here and allowing us to pursue inorganic growth opportunities on a selective and disciplined basis. And I think that will continue to be the case. Finally with regard to console shortages there's no doubt that supply chains were disrupted in the pandemic. They still remain disruptive. There is a chip shortage. But it's, sort of, a good news bad news thing. The bad news I suppose is that you can't get a console for lower money. The good news is that people really want these new consoles. We had a limited selection of releases for Next Gen, NBA 2K21, which is built from the ground up for Next Gen and Borderlands 3. We have obviously many more titles coming in the future. We think the supply shortages will be resolved and consumers would be able to buy their dream console. So overtime, we're not worried about it and it didn't really hurt us short term either.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, unfortunately to answer the question implies some information that we haven't provided and don't expect to provide any time soon. That said, we're gratified by exactly what you talked about which is how popular Grand Theft Auto is on Twitch. We think the Twitch platform is amazing and it's a reflection of the popularity of the title. And Rockstar has said they'll continue to support Grand Theft Online with more content to come.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thank you for your question. There is more content coming for Grand Theft Auto Online. And at the same time as we have said in the past, we do expect recurrent consumer spending to moderate in the year. And we'll see how that unfolds. Title has been around for a very long time. And at some time generally speaking, there is moderation. We've been so fortunate to have had another record year this past year, but it was an awfully unusual year.
Strauss Zelnick: We have work going on throughout the organization. Obviously, Social Point and PlayDots are dedicated to mobile experiences both mid-core and casual. We have some mobile titles at 2K as well. In fact, one of our biggest titles is their WWE SuperCard and we have ongoing development throughout, some of which is announced, some of which is not yet.
Strauss Zelnick: We're going to create bigger experiences by encouraging our creative folks as always to pursue their passions and to always think of that thing that no one thought of before, which is why our strategy is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the entertainment business. I'm always allergic to buzzwords. The buzzword of virtual reality didn't get this industry very far. AR has not really improved matters, either 3D hasn't really done much for us. What moves the dial in our business is amazing creativity, great characters, great stories, great graphics, great gameplay, the ability to enjoy those experiences with other people all around the world. That's what really matters. I think what the metaverse implies is what we already do with Grand Theft Auto Online and with what Red Dead Online what we do with NBA 2K, and what we aim to do with some upcoming titles an opportunity to exist in that fictional world and express yourself in ways that are challenging, fun, competitive and new and find ourselves in places doing things that we can't really do usually in the real world. I think that's what it means. I think when you get into conversations around -- are people going to do conference calls in titles? Well, the answer is they can now. But who -- we're not -- like we could, I guess do this conference call inside one of our titles, but it's a bit more efficient to do it this way. So the problem I have is that if you take metaverse SPAC and cryptocurrency put them all together in five years will any of this matter? I'm not sure it will.
Strauss Zelnick: I think it's a really excellent point, and I think you're right. There is a bit more flexibility when you can move quickly and you don't have to worry about stock that you shipped in or price protection for example, which can be costly. Undoubtedly we can move more -- with more agility in terms of promotions, so I think there's a benefit. But of course that benefit is swamped by the simple benefit that our margins are much higher with regard to digital distribution and physical. That's the big difference. And I think the other difference, which we haven't really talked about, but it was obviously something that's going on in the market right now is we expect that the cost of distribution will decline for any number of reasons and that also will go directly to the bottom line.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. I think I alluded to that, in my last remark Mike. So I think we're on the same wavelength. I do believe that, distribution costs will decline. Of course, I can't opine, specifically, on that action, because I don't have any particular insight. However, between regulatory authorities investigations and private concerns clearly take rates are being examined. But at the end of the day, it's the economy that governs. And we are in a broadly competitive distribution environment. And the goal of this organization has always been and remains be, where the consumer is, which means we'll employ, a broad array of distribution platforms including our own direct-to-consumer platform. And what that means overtime is, it's going to be hard to have a take rate for distributors that is economically too high. That leads to an unstable system. And that's what you're seeing now in my opinion. I think this will be resolved relatively soon. And it will be resolved in a favorable way. And I think that take rates will decline meaningfully. And that will of course benefit us. It's not in any of our guidance, but it is in my expectations. Of course, we don't organize the company around my expectations. But you asked my opinion. And so I shared it.
Strauss Zelnick: First of all, I want to thank all of our colleagues, all around the world, nearly 7,000 people for these amazing results. Imagine, if you will, the extraordinary work and commitment it has taken to deliver in these difficult times. And our team has just been stellar and has been smiling the whole time, despite the challenges and the privations. And in certain instances, tragedies as well which I know many of you have had also. So thank you, from the bottom of our collective hearts. And at the same time, we're so optimistic going forward. We're in a better place, than we've ever been in before. And we're in a pretty good place now. We're incredibly excited about the upcoming products. We work in an organization, where we love to show up every day. And we're blessed, to be able to do so, with great colleagues all around the world. So thank you, to our colleagues. Thank you, to our shareholders for your support. And thank you all for joining us today.
Lainie Goldstein: It's really what I said in my prepared remarks, it's really coming from the operating expense increases, and those are really being driven by our investment in marketing personnel and IT. Specifically about 55% of the increase in the expenses is coming from increases in direct marketing for our titles. So we're really investing in marketing our new titles this year and also marketing for our fiscal 2023 titles as well.
Lainie Goldstein: So the marketing in Q4 and into next year it's really to support the pipeline of titles that we talked about. It's for our recurrent consumer spending titles and also for our titles going into next year. So we're looking at our head count and the -- a need for our teams to really look at our pipeline in the future. It's become more and more important for us to have the right support around the current titles that are out and the titles -- because it's not just titles that are coming out and releasing they're being supported all throughout their life cycle now. So it's a very different type of marketing than it was in the past where we would just market on release. Now the titles are being marketed all throughout their life cycle. So you'll probably see higher marketing going forward.
Lainie Goldstein: And when it comes to what I was saying about the 55% of the increase of the OpEx this year was for direct marketing that's because we have a lot of new releases in this year. So when we have new releases, we tend to have big campaigns around the newer releases. So since we have more new releases this year that's why we would have more marketing this year. And our marketing is very efficient around our titles. We also have a lot of marketing around our mobile titles. So we have a big portfolio of mobile titles as well and mobile titles coming out. So that's also been driving our marketing spend as well.
Karl Slatoff: Obviously we're incredibly pleased with Outer Worlds and everything that it's brought. It was -- I can't say that it was a complete surprise out of the gate, but it was certainly was something pleasant for us and a little bit unexpected. The downloadable content has been really very well received and we think the franchise is in outstanding shape at this point. And we will be participating in the franchise and whatever the future holds for that franchise. So we feel really good about it. And we think that it's still building audience and this game itself has a lot of life left in it. And in the future -- we'll see what the future holds for it. But we do think it's a long-term franchise and it is certainly something that we're pleased with the results. In terms of Private Division, we really couldn't be more pleased with the way Private Division is going. As Strauss said, we've already had three titles that have sold in excess of one million units each, which is unusual for independent releases. We have a lot of titles in process. We've got one coming up this year with OlliOlli World. There are a lot of other deals in the pipeline. We've talked about some of them most of them we have not talked about yet and they're varied. There are different scales, different sizes, different shapes, different kinds of experiences which make makes them very exciting. That team is growing, not only from a creative talent perspective in support of Kerbal Space Program, but also from a marketing and publishing perspective. So we expect the best is yet to come from Private Division and we love how we're positioned right now.
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of just, sort of, some examples around what immersive core versus mid-core would be. I'll start with the mid-core. The mid-core will be something like the WWE 2K Battlegrounds would be a good example of a mid-core game. In terms of immersive core that really is a little more varied, but we do look at it as games that have highly engaging gameplay. People who spend hours and hours and hours at it at a time. So these would be examples things like obviously Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption Borderlands, but also things like our strategy games from Firaxis and also of our sports simulations.
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of development capacity, we have been investing for years in our development capacity and both from organic hires and also through acquisition. And we fully expect that that will continue into the future. And it is our plan. We have it baked into our plan to bring on more developers. And again we have -- you're right. Labor markets do get -- they do tighten up. These folks are highly sought after. But we have a really strong track record of attracting and retaining the best talent in the industry. And part of that reason is because we provide a creative environment where these folks can flourish. And then we compensate them well in success and we align that conversation with our shareholders. And we think that's a recipe that works really, really well. And people love coming to take to across all of our labels because that culture permeates the entire organization. So it is tough to hire and retain key talent. But that is what we do. And that's the most important strategic advantage I think that we have as a company and that's where we focus.
Karl Slatoff: So I'll take the first part. You're right, there are a ton more users in our ecosystem and that's just -- and not only just a number of users, but they're more engaged. So every time somebody is engaging with one of our games, we've got more data points. And the more data points that we have, the more information that we have to know what consumers want, when they want it, what kind of offers are going to make sense for them, when -- to make sure that we give the consumer exactly what they're looking for. So the bigger that database and the stronger analytics capabilities get and we've invested significantly in those kinds of resources not just tech, but also human beings. People who really -- data scientists who know how to analyze this data. And we -- in my opinion, we're just scratching the surface. We're pretty good at it, but I think there's a lot of room for us to get a lot better. And the bigger that database gets and the more information we get and the more we invest, it has just been returning our investment tenfold. So we expect that to continue this year and well into the future.
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. As I said in my remarks, we're very happy how NBA is doing on Apple Arcade. It's the most popular game on the service right now. So we can't ask for anything more than that. It's still pretty early ultimately. So is it having a huge impact on selling games across other platforms, hard to tell at this point. Do we think that that certainly is a possibility? I think absolutely because every time you get people exposed to the game through new platforms or platforms where they otherwise may not have exposure to it that's a positive thing from a marketing perspective. So stay tuned on that.
Karl Slatoff: Thanks for the question. We get that question a lot. And it's tough to answer because every time, our perspective seems to change. My answer is, I feel like, we're in the early innings. I'm not going to give you an exact inning. We're certainly not in the seventh inning stretch. And we're not in the first inning. It's somewhere in between. But I do think like, I mentioned before, our analytics capabilities are getting much more sophisticated. And not to mention, we do have -- we have a lot of modes, in our NBA game. And we have different ways for people to engage. And therefore, we have different ways for it to monetize in those modes. And just getting people to play, people more deeply engage in the game and play across those modes, there's a lot of opportunity right there in and of itself. So we're not just stuck to one type of monetization for card packs, et cetera like that. We've got a lot of other opportunities. So that and also the fact that, we've still got a long way to go in terms of mastering our analytics capabilities, makes me believe we're pretty early.
