Strauss Zelnick: Yes, Mike. In fact, Grand Theft Auto Online was up year-over-year, was up in the quarter, another record year. And we had previously expanded our guidance for the year. We guided up. And in the fourth quarter, NBA 2K Online didn't do quite as well as we expected when we had guided up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, you asked and answered your question correctly, which is to say, we have the Gunrunning update in last year's fourth quarter. It isn't a direct comp. And we said over and over again, it's very hard to look at this company from a quarter-by-quarter comping situation, because we're driven by our content. Now we're very fortunate that we have such a strong catalog and we have such strong recurrent consumer spending. The company certainly looks a lot different than it used to look. But even so, we are beholden to what content we create. So period-to-period is not often a good comp. That's really the reason. We believe the consensus is off. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sure. Tim, sorry, with regard to your question about fourth quarter -- first of all, I misspoke earlier, it was NBA 2K, not NBA 2K Online. That was not quite at our revised expectations for the quarter. In terms of what the competitive landscape was, there's no doubt there are a couple of big hits in the marketplace, Fortnite and PUBG and their big hits. That creates a lot of benefits. We think it brings new players into the market. And it just shows what a robust industry that we operate in. Naturally, we would like to have all the hits. I don't think that's necessarily a realistic goal. It's pretty hard to determine what competitive landscape effects are, however, because entertainment properties compete with each other, with themselves and with nothing at all. So entertainment is a nice-to-have, not a must-have good. So it's impossible to determine whether a particular title had an impact, although I think we've all observed that Fortnite has created a lot of activity around it. And in terms of your question around Grand Theft Auto Online, we had a record year, we had a record quarter and the title continues to perform extraordinarily. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, Social Point is doing just fine. Dragon City and Monster Legends are their 2 big hit titles in the market. Those will continue to drive the bulk of their results. In the fourth quarter, profits were up from Social Point. The drivers this year will be how those games perform and potentially how some upcoming titles perform depending on the release schedule naturally. 
Strauss Zelnick: As you know, our labels comment on their upcoming releases and what they're going to look like, and we like it that way. That said, Rockstar Games has said they have much more content coming for Grand Theft Auto Online and they will continue to support it. And obviously, we just enjoyed another record year for Grand Theft Auto Online. 
Strauss Zelnick: And regarding cross-platform availability, we already make many of our titles available on multiple platforms, including over time sometimes mobile platforms. It all depends on the title, or VR platform. So we take it on a case-by-case basis. And -- but I wouldn't say there's anything about the Fortnite experience that would change our view about platforms, and we're obviously familiar with multiple platforms. We have plenty of games available on mobile platforms, most notably Social Point's games as well as WWE SuperCard and some other titles that come from other of our labels. And Rockstar Games has made titles available on mobile platforms as well. So it really depends on what the opportunity is title-by-title. But I wouldn't say that our outlook about making titles available where consumers are has changed. Our strategy is to be where the consumer is. 
Strauss Zelnick: So you've a number of questions there. With regard to the NBA 2K League, we're a couple of weeks in. We're excited by the early experiences. There are a lot of people watching on Twitch, and we think there is a great opportunity. We've said all along that our risk profile is exceedingly low, that the actual exposure if things don't work out the way we'd like is de minimis, certainly not material. And the upside we believe is substantial. However, we haven't included any of that upside in our outlook. And that's sort of the way we tend to conduct business around here. We want to take exceedingly measured risks, and then we report back on them when we have results, and we don't like to overpromote in advance. In terms of where monetization can come from, I think you can -- your expectations would properly be sponsorship, which is going well, it's early days, but it's going very well and media rights also going well. And then eventually, depending on the level of success, of course, you could imagine event-related revenue and merchandise and the like. But again, it's early days and we're gaining new experience as every day passes. In terms of the recent Supreme Court decision on the potential for sports gambling, this will now be left to the states. We certainly think it's a good decision. We think there may indeed be an influence in a positive -- meaningfully positive influence on our business. However, it's not in our current sights. We don't have any expectations right now. Simply observing that there are potential opportunities in the future. And I'd be very surprised if sports gambling didn't intersect with the industry at some point in the relatively near future. In terms of learnings around Fortnite, look, as I said earlier, maybe the biggest learning is just reinforcement of the fact that hits -- big hits by their very nature are unexpected. And then what drives a big hit is innovation, not derivation. And -- I mean, so we're proud of it around here. We put out Red Dead Redemption, the conventional wisdom was that Western titles don't work in the video game business. And Red Dead Redemption was a big hit, and we have extremely high expectations for Red Dead Redemption 2. So I think the fact that Fortnite surprised everyone, particularly given where Fortnite came from, after all what is now in the market was based on a prior release that did not perform all that well. It's just a reflection of the fact that if you innovate and give consumers what they want, you can get an extraordinary result. And while we would love to corner the market in hits, and we certainly see it as our job to do so, we don't have all of the hits and we shouldn't expect to. So -- but I don't think what one takes away from this properly is that a particular approach, a particular mode has suddenly redefined the business. I don't believe that's the case. And in fact, to the contrary, I think if one changed one's business to follow other people's big hits, you'd constantly be playing catch-up. And to say that you wouldn't be in second place is an understatement. You might remain in last place. So it's our job always to innovate, and more often not, that has driven our success. 
Strauss Zelnick: And then on Red Dead, obviously, Rockstar will give clarity on content drops and the like in due time. We're very excited about the October 26 release. Everyone who has experienced the trailer is also excited. And obviously, Rockstar will make further announcements in due time. In terms of NBA and recurrent consumer spending in the fourth quarter, we think there were any number of factors that affected the level of monetization of the title. And Visual Concepts has plans to address those factors in NBA 2K19. We think fiscal 2019 will be another year of growth for NBA 2K, including both unit sales and recurrent consumer spending. So our view is, look, we always have to get better. We pay attention to what the consumer says. We've had an amazing year for our basketball franchise, just amazing, and we expect it to get even better. 
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to the eLeague, our media rights are valuable. And so it's appropriate to assume that there's an economic cost to media rights. However, we're not talking about giving any specific media or sponsorship deals for the league. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of the NBA 2K franchise, we have very high hopes for the NBA 2K Online 2 title. We're obviously in business with Tencent. They're a phenomenal partner. It's a great market. NBA 2K Online has been the #1 T channel and sports title for some time. We have 37 million registered users. So we're phenomenally excited about the upcoming release. It's in closed beta now. It's planned for commercial release in the fall, so stay tuned. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think the explosion of -- I'm not sure casual is the right term, because I'm not sure people call Fortnite a casual title. But I do think what you're alluding to is right in that the free-to-play revolution, if you will, whether that's mobile or fixed, has been transformative to the business. It's massively increased the size of the business. And we're in the free-to-play business, whether it's a mobile platform or a fixed platform. We're in that business in China. We're in that business at 2K. We're in that business with Social Point. And you're right, it's a huge growth business. What we like about it is some free-to-play games, some particularly free-to-play mobile games speak more to an older demographic, some speak more to a female demographic. There are a lot of people who believe that Fortnite has welcomed into our industry people who didn't previously play video games. Some of that's anecdotal. It's hard to know. But I think, that's right. So this is all good news, and it is news that is not lost on us, hence the Social Point acquisition and our emphasis on free-to-play titles as we grow our core business. That said, what has historically been our stock and trade, the highest quality console games, deep, immersive, many hour experiences that are available at a premium price remains a terribly important business. And while I think hardcore gamers are excited about both -- what both Rockstar and 2K bring to bear, it's worth noting, and forgive me for maybe being immodest about it on behalf of our company and Rockstar Games, but Grand Theft Auto has sold in over 95 million units. And according to others, apart from us, it's the highest grossing, most profitable entertainment product ever made of any sort. So it's not only exciting to a small core, it's exciting to a very, very broad audience. And I think what Rockstar Games has uniquely shown the ability to do is to make the title easy to approach and difficult to master. You can approach Grand Theft Auto and Grand Theft Auto Online in any number of ways. And if you're a hardcore gamer, you can find it super-compelling. And if you're somewhat more casual, you can find the experience super-compelling. And there's so much there now, you can very much define your own experience and create that for many, many hours of wonderful entertainment. And do I think that, that approach to the entertainment business ever becomes antique? I do not. I think that's the nature of the entertainment business. So it's all sort of saying -- it's like in a multiple choice test, all of the above. And that's how we view our obligations around here. We need to be where the audience is. That's one of the reasons that we did the Social Point acquisition, that's the reason that we started the Private Division group, which will bring independent titles to bear. We hope meeting another audience need. That's why we acquired Kerbal Space Program. And that's why we find ourself in the position that we're in today with an incredibly strong balance sheet on the one hand and an incredibly strong creative team on the other. 
Strauss Zelnick: And on the consolidation point, I think the consolidation that you're seeing or expecting in traditional -- so-called traditional media businesses has been driven by a lack of growth, frankly, and a need to create scale, reduce cost, find cost synergies and the like. And that -- I think that just doesn't apply to such a high-growth business, the one we find ourselves in and our competitors find theirselves in. Historically, the media and entertainment businesses that have tended to consolidate are the ones where a massive portion of your revenue was driven by catalog that's already amortized and doesn't cost that much to continue to create value. And in our business, because of technological change and the importance of frontline releases, catalog is still a relatively small part of the business compared to other mature entertainment businesses. I think you'll start potentially seeing consolidation if and when there's -- we've reached a technological asymptote, and therefore, if and when catalog creeps up well over 50% year-in, year-out, including big frontline release years. Now we performed particularly well on catalogs, so our numbers are necessarily reflective of the industry as a whole. But I think the point stands. And the other piece is, in a business that is frontline-driven, that means if you do consolidate, you are potentially arguing that you're going to have a much greater exposure to frontline shelf space, whether that's digital or physical, than it may be realistic to assume. And of course, the day after you close, you still have to invest in frontline production, frontline marketing, which is costly. So I think you -- as I said, I think you would look for entertainment consolidation as businesses mature and they're either not growing, flat or even potentially declining, and none of that describes the interactive entertainment business. 
Strauss Zelnick: Potentially, although so far, we haven't seen it. But I definitely would have thought so. I think years ago, I said I expected such consolidation and it didn't materialize. The facts forced me to change my outlook. I think when you look at the quality of the intellectual property created and owned by ourselves and some of our competitors, it's hard to imagine that there wouldn't be opportunities in other forms of entertainment. And indeed, some of our competitors have entered other forms. So if it makes sense to enter other forms of entertainment at which some traditional media companies are already expert, you would imagine that, that kind of consolidation could have some industrial logic. But I would observe that not only has it not occurred, but that some legacy entertainment companies have in fact exited interactive entertainment of late. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of our content updates, Rockstar Games has said that much more content is coming for Grand Theft Auto Online. And obviously, they intend to continue supporting the title. And yes, our guidance does reflect an expectation that the results will moderate this year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your questions. with regard to the development of NBA 2K Online with Tencent, that's obviously an arrangement between Tencent and 2K, and both companies are actively involved in bringing that title to market. Social Point is not involved with bringing that title to market. With regard to potential acquisitions, we acquired the Kerbal Space Program intellectual property. We're continuing to develop and release around that title we're excited about. We acquired Social Point. And over the years, we've made numerous other selective acquisitions, typically when we can acquire intellectual property and the team that goes along with it. I don't think the environment is any more challenging than it's been. I think it's been challenging for quite some time, because this has been a growth business for quite some time and there have been some hefty multiples paid. I think we feel that our discipline has really paid off. There are a few things that occur that we feel like we missed the boat on, but precious few. And we much more often dodged the bullet than missed the boat. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks, Mike, always nice to hear from you, as you'd imagine. I think you know this already, we don't -- we wouldn't have any ability to comment on another company's plans. You'll have to ask them about that. We've -- I think we've navigated transitions in consoles and console releases and other platform releases pretty well around here since we showed up roughly 11 years ago. We're actually really proud of that, because historically, as you know, during a transition period, the challenges can be very significant if you bet wrong in terms of what you're up to, whether that's supporting something new or supporting something old. But again, what's driven that is less corporate cleverness and much more than our labels create the highest quality properties that defy normal behavior and console transition period. So in the last transition period, for example, there was a lot of noise in the marketplace about how challenging it was for catalog product. And this is going back some time. But you've been in the industry a long time, so you'll remember this as I do. And we weren't challenged in the least. We did exceedingly well. Why? Because, I believe, the quality of our catalog was so high and is so high. And that's why, for example, our catalog sells more per SKU than, I think, any other company in the business. So I think because we have a limited number of the highest quality releases and because our titles tend to do well as catalog titles, transition periods create somewhat less risk for us. We're not the only one with a massive tonnage of SKUs that we have to make decisions about. And because our titles are typically very, very high quality, they can continue to perform as new platforms are released. So obviously, Grand Theft Auto V was developed for the last generation, and yet it remains the standard bearer for this generation, which is extraordinary and something that we are grateful to Rockstar for and incredibly proud of. So in the event that there are new platforms, we'll make decisions about what to support based on our view of potential success. I would observe that the PC platform has become a very, very important part of what we do, driven by digital distribution. And that was not the case for so-called console titles 10 years ago, and it is the case now. Does that mean that the business is flattening out and everything becomes open and we don't care what brand is on the box? Not in the least. I wouldn't rule out the possibility of more generations. However, it does get us closer to a point where we truly can be platform agnostic as an industry. And I would say we're not there yet, but that day will come. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we've kept you all long enough. We're really proud of our results. We're grateful to our creative colleagues, who drive these results. We're grateful to our business colleagues, who keep the trains running on time. We're grateful to our marketing and distribution colleagues, who we believe are the best in the business. This company has a wonderful culture and enjoys terrific results on a consistent basis. We're proud of that. And for those of you attending the call today, our shareholders and those who follow us, thanks so much for your support and interest. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. Also, for Social Point and some of our mobile titles, we have some change in accounting, where we need to gross up the accounting for it instead of showing it net. So that's the difference that you're seeing in terms of the growth number for the net bookings. 
Lainie Goldstein: So since our business mix is weighted a little bit towards the new releases, we're having some higher software development costs in the year and then also the marketing that's associated with it. So it depends on the timing of the marketing and then also the software development costs. The cash is behind us. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Red Dead, we don't share unit expectations. But looking at recurrent consumer spending, we'll usually have bigger quarters in our second and third quarters of the year. So you would start to see that be in line with what you've seen in previous years. 
Lainie Goldstein: So let me take the first one first. When you're talking about next year in our margins, so you are correct that it is driven by the software development costs associated with a new title or a big new release. And then also for our blockbuster titles, typically, they have had higher physical sales instead of digital. So that's also going to move the margin as well. 
Lainie Goldstein: So we don't usually share on a title-by-title case amortization. But you can -- if you think about blockbuster titles and how Grand Theft Auto has performed, it would be something that we would look at in terms of how long we would amortize the title over. And we usually look at what our estimated life of that title is going to be. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for our marketing, we do expect to have some marketing and -- for the 2K release for fiscal year of 2020. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sorry. So for the margin spend for the 2K release, we do expect to have some marketing in this fiscal year for the titles release next year. 
Lainie Goldstein: Ryan, for our margins, we did talk about that, that for this fiscal year it will be slightly down since we have a big release. So there's higher software development cost and marketing associated with the title. But we expect our margins to expand over the long term. And on a year-by-year basis, they're going to vary based on our release schedule. 
Lainie Goldstein: So on the margin for the amortization of Red Dead, as I said, we don't give that out on a title-by-title basis. But if you think about larger titles and what the lifetime potential of them are and how long they would spread out, that's the best way for you to take a look at that. 
