Strauss Zelnick: I've been asked repeatedly over prior calls about whether I felt cannibalization would potentially be an issue. And my view is that all games, all products, all entertainment products stand alone. They compete with everything in the market. They compete with themselves, then they compete with nothing at all. Because if there's a bunch of good stuff out there, you want to consume it all, and if there's nothing that appeals to you, you don't need entertainment at any given time. The fact that Red Dead Redemption 2 has come from Rockstar Games does not make it more or less competitive with any other title in the marketplace. And specifically to answer your question, we do not see any cannibalization nor do I expect any. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think you can obviously expect that we'll be very supportive of the title on an ongoing basis. More specific details would be given by Rockstar. 
Strauss Zelnick: Eric, it's Strauss. No, we don't break down how the different editions have sold. We will break down some details, but we don't tend to break that down. And it's way too early to talk about Red Dead Redemption 2 Online. It hasn't launched a yet. It will launch in public beta towards the end of the month. Rockstar will have a lot more to say about it, but we're not making any current predictions. 
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks for your questions. I'm glad you like the game. We're -- I actually went into Karl's office right before this meeting and he was playing it, that is the truth. So it's beloved already here. It's selling great around the world. It's incredibly strong everywhere. It's doing very, very well in the international markets. And in terms of online, we're not breaking out Red Dead Online for the year. And Lainie will take the third question. 
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks for your question. And regarding our upcoming release schedule, we've said that our goal in any year is to have a handful of really powerful frontline releases, and those would be taking advantage of our extraordinary collection of franchises. We have 11 franchises that have each had at least 1 5-million-unit release. We have over 60 that have sold at least 2 million units in an individual release. So we will certainly bring back beloved franchises to market. And we aim to create new intellectual property every year as well. We haven't always been able to do that, but that's our goal. And in so doing, that looks an awful lot like annualizing titles without bringing really high-quality titles or trying to bring really high-quality titles to market too frequently, which we think is exceedingly difficult to do. We think, if you're able to do that right, we should be able to have an incredibly powerful frontline release program without asking too much from either our development teams or the consumers in terms of over and over again bringing a non-sports title to market. Our sports entertainment titles, on the other hand, are annualized. They work really well. So I think that's what you should expect going forward. The second question was with regards to Social Point. The games are sort of described as mid-core. They're deeper. They're engaging. They're intended to be deeper and engaging. Beyond that Social Point will talk about their upcoming releases because it's important that our labels speak for themselves from the point of development and marketing. But it's a diverse array of titles that are expected to be highly competitive. We're thrilled that they have hits in the marketplace, and we're excited about what is to come. 
Strauss Zelnick: You did hear right. It's up 70% recurrent consumer spending over last year's quarter. And it is a great result, and it's reflective of a lot more engagement. And the increased engagement we think is that the consumers who are inside the game are avid consumers. They love what Visual Concepts is bringing to market. And they're voting. They're voting that they love it. So I wish I could give you a better answer. Lord knows, we'd like to know, too. I can confirm that our approach every year is to make the game better, deeper, more entertaining, more captivating, more engaging. That's the goal. And when you see this kind of change in recurrent consumer spending, that obviously is reflective of engagement. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of the successful year that we expect to have affecting our cash position, we expect that adjusted cash flow from operations will be over $700 million and CapEx will be, as expected, around $60 million. We announced that we had cash of a little over $1 billion at the end of this quarter. So you can do the math. We obviously expect to have a significant cash balance at year-end. We said that our expectations, with regard to our cash, are, first, to support our organic growth on an ongoing basis, that's really our story. This is a company that's been driven by organic growth, largely. Secondly, when we find great opportunities to support inorganic growth opportunities, for example, the purchase of Social Point, we look through a very narrow lens, though. We want a deal to be accretive, if not immediately, then very quickly, and that does matter to us. And then of course, we're prepared to return capital to our shareholders and we've bought back around $300 million of stock in the last 12 months or so. Those are the 3 uses of cash. But, it's obviously a great place for us to be with no debt. I would observe that if you have concerns about the economy, and I think many of us feel like it's riding high and when -- we don't know when it will change. We do know that at some point it changes, that having a significant cash asset is strategically beneficial. And we do want to be well positioned for long-term growth, we are not a quarter-to-quarter company.  So the second thing, I think you asked what drives the enormous success of Red Dead Redemption 2. And the answer, I think is that Rockstar's known to make the best games in the business. And I think the creation of Grand Theft Auto V, which has really -- became a threshold event for the industry, for Rockstar, for Take-Two as a whole because it basically demonstrated that if something is so good as to be breathtaking that you can have amazing results. And I think, when consumers understood, which they did, that Red Dead Redemption 2 would be the first game built from the ground up for the next generation by Rockstar Games, that became a must-have item. Now when something is a must-have item and you get it home, it's got to be great. And a 97 Metacritic scores that ties it with Grand Theft Auto V basically says it's great. And I promise you if you play video games and you play Red Dead Redemption 2, you will agree. It's great. So what drives the success of any hit is that it's phenomenal. And usually phenomenal in a somewhat unexpected way. As high as the expectations were for this release, I'm not sure anyone could have anticipated just how amazing it is. With regard to the Rockstar Social Club, it's a vibrant and passionate community. The label supports it continuously. It has lots and lots of people who are engaged. We don't give much more detail than that, but we do think it's a strategically interesting and beneficial asset. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think, if there is any sports interest, Rockstar will talk about it. I think, as always, we want our labels to be out in front with marketing announcements. I would observe that, so far, Take-Two's eSports ambitions have centered around NBA 2K and the NBA 2K League. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your good questions. I know you said, yes, we know you want acquisitions to be accretive, but believe it or not, that's a relatively unusual approach in our business. And it shouldn't be. It really is relevant because, in the absence of thinking about that, you would look at a whole bunch of things, and in the presence of that as a metric, you don't look at so many things at all. Generally, what we've said is, an acquisition should bring us owned intellectual property, teams and, potentially, technology. It doesn't have to bring all 3. We've done acquisitions that have brought us 1 of 3, for -- 2 of 3, 3 of 3 would be even better. And we are, indeed, very selective. Most corporate acquisitions fail. And thankfully the ones we've done around here, at least so far, have succeeded. We'd like to keep it that way. To your second question about Social Point, their focus, as is the focus of all of our labels, is to create their own intellectual property. And I would just note that, in terms of the biggest titles in mobile, they're all native to mobile. They're all made for that platform. There's no doubt that we've have success with intellectual property brought to the platform, WWE SuperCard being a great example. But the really huge successes are native. And that's what Social Point is trying to achieve. I wouldn't rule out the possibility of Social Point working with another label inside the Take-Two family, but that isn't the current approach, and it wouldn't be our primary approach. 
Strauss Zelnick: Making it available on PC. So Rockstar would normally update everyone on upcoming releases and that would sort of answer all of your questions, but it's too early to talk about content updates for Red Dead 2 Online because it hasn't launched yet, obviously. Historically, obviously, we have updated content for our online offerings. And in terms of ongoing releases, Rockstar will talk about what their intentions are going forward with regard to all upcoming products and the same would hold true for platforms. So in this particular instance, I can't really give you too much clarity, apologies. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I don't think backwards compatibility is actually all that important. I think the reason that we had such a great experience with Grand Theft Auto V, when we brought it to new generation, is, first of all, the content was meaningfully operated with amazing new features. And secondly, because the title was so extraordinary, that it remained the standard bearer for the new generation straight through until the release of Red Dead Redemption 2 because nothing stood up to it technically or creatively. So how Red Dead Redemption 2 fares going forward is hard to know, but it's certainly off to a great start. But we don't -- our success is not built defensively by managing platform transitions. They're -- those things are really out of our control. Our success was built by making the very best entertainment that we possibly can, and we're grateful that, at least so far, it appears that it's some of the best entertainment made. And that's the whole drill. On your point about technical abilities, and thanks for referencing the Apple event, we were really thrilled to participate for NBA. I do think that it's just a matter of time before mobile devices are every bit as powerful. The question is whether the form factor is going to appeal to every kind of title, and I'm skeptical that it will. I say that and then you can find people who like to watch movies on their smartphones. So I'm sure you can find some people who, when the platforms are powerful enough, and to be clear, they're not yet. But when they are, we'll be really happy to play our very deep, very robust, very memory intensive, technologically intensive titles on platforms like iPads or smartphones. But right now, we're not quite there yet, but if you believe in Moore's law and I do, it's just a matter of time, probably not that long a time, before that's the case. 
Strauss Zelnick: The CBS role is specifically interim and nonexecutive, so you have to think of it as a board seat with the responsibility to convene meetings, and I'm grateful for any opportunity to be of service to friends in the industry. Take-Two is where my head and my heart remains. I'm really proud of what the team here has accomplished in the last 11 years. I'm firmly committed to the company. I love what I do every day, and it keeps all of us plenty busy. I would observe that I'm 1 of only 4,300 team members. And this is a team effort and I'm really proud of what we, together, accomplish, but it is not a singular activity. So it's kind of you to ask the question, but the much more relevant question is, how does the team feel about continuing to do this together. And my primary job is to make sure that we constantly have a fantastic strategy backed up by an amazing culture, that this remains the place of choice for people who want to do the very best work in entertainment. And that when they are here, they get to pursue what they're passionate about because, more often than not, that yields the kind of results that we're talking about today. So I'm really grateful to be able to do this every day and I'm quite -- and to be specific, entirely committed to continuing to do so. 
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to thank, everyone, for joining us today. We're obviously grateful for a terrific second quarter. We're thrilled that we're able to guide up for the year. And it is a gross understatement to say that we're excited for the initial release of Red Dead Redemption 2, and we have wonderful hopes for how the title will continue to unfold. Thank you, again, for joining us. We really appreciate your support. 
Lainie Goldstein: So what you're referring to are retail sales not just what our sell-through would be and our wholesale sales would be for our digital and physical. So those numbers aren't comparative, but if you think about just Q2 in general, and we've lifted the full year, and that is due to the increased outlook for Red Dead Redemption 2 and then higher RCS on NBA, partially offset by reduced unit sales expectations for NBA 2K19 and WWE 2K19. 
Lainie Goldstein: We're not giving the detail by title, Eric, but we did say that we have seen a higher proportion of digital sales versus physical than we already had originally expected. So for the full year, we're expecting on current gen, our full game downloads to be 37% up from 34% last year, and we had expected it to be 32% when we gave out guidance last time. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for a cap software for long term, we wouldn't see Red Dead Redemption move into short term until the game releases. So you wouldn't see a movement of that until Q3. And that number, that $800 million, includes capitalized stock expense and that won't go through our management reporting, you'll only see that go through our GAAP reporting. And once we release the game, we'll be creating a lifetime estimate of the title. And we don't share our lifetime estimates, but a blockbuster title, you can imagine, has a bit of a longer life and that will help to determine what the amortization period is over the life of the title. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So yes, since GTA did have a really long life and we would look at all of our titles and similar titles to determine the lifetime. But we have to look at history of all of our titles. And GTA is definitely an unusual circumstance. But a blockbuster, you would assume that it would be more -- it wouldn't be just 1 year, it would be a longer life than that. And in terms of how we would amortize, it would probably be over the revenue stream, it's the higher of the -- that are straight line and based on the launch quantity, I would assume that it will go over the revenue stream. 
Lainie Goldstein: No. We didn't say there wasn't anything in the guidance. We just said that when I was talking about the amortization of capitalized software, I was talking about the core products of Red Dead Redemption 2 and the full game that was already released. For recurrent consumer spending, what we're talking about in terms of the full year is that NBA 2K is going to be up for the full year. We will have Red Dead Redemption 2 launch and that's sometime later this month. And so, it won't be like a full quarter. So that's why the number wouldn't be up significantly. And we did say it was offset by GTA Online, which is reduced and we had given out original guidance for GTA Online to be down for the full year and also for Q3 and for Q2. And these are expectations every time the title comes out each quarter. 
