Lainie Goldstein: We don't give out our guidance on a title-by-title basis. The title did move, but we have a lot of movement in our guidance from this quarter versus when we previously gave out our initial guidance. And we beat Q1, we also adjusted all our estimates for our titles, for our pipeline that's coming out in fiscal '15. And there were some changes to our release schedule, as we mentioned.
Lainie Goldstein: We don't have anything in there for Grand Theft Auto V. There may be some free downloadable content that's given out there in the year, but anything that brings revenue to top line hasn't been -- we've got nothing announced today.
Lainie Goldstein: We didn't give out, specifically, for GTA Online. We did say that 60% of the overall digital came from the recurrent consumer spending. And that includes our virtual currency, add-on content and online games.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. We've definitely seen others' reports, largely on catalog. And I think our view is that if you give consumers what they want, they come out for it. Our catalog sales have done very well, that's what we announced in this quarter, it's one of the key reasons that we were able to beat in the quarter. And we have a lot of faith in the Borderlands franchise. There's still a huge installed base of consumers. Borderlands is beloved, Borderlands 2 has sold something like 10 million units to date. And so we have very high hopes for the pre-sequel for current gen platforms and, PC, indeed, But. It'll be reliant on quality and every expect to deliver high-quality games.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we wouldn't normally go through that kind of detail on the call. You can follow-up separately with Hank if you wish and Lainie can respond to the 2K versus Rockstar split in the quarter.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. We appreciate the question. We don't break out how the titles are doing specifically. And I know people would like that kind of color, but we're still in the middle of exploiting these titles and delivering these fantastic experiences to consumers. So it's still a work in progress. However, we are very pleased with how all of it's going. Very, very pleased with the current consumer spending in general. Very pleased with virtual currency sales. Very pleased with Grand Theft Auto Online's metrics across the board and very pleased with how NBA 2K is doing. So it's an excellent story across the board. We don't break it out title by title. In terms of our sports business, thank you for the compliment disguised as a question, happy to have it. And naturally, we're trying to grow the business and we're doing so selectively. What we found is that when we're leader in a space, we do really, really well. We also ran in the space we don't do well. And one of the things we try to do around here is start from the point of delighting audiences and putting out the highest-quality products and then thinking about making money. But equally, we really, really object to losing money. The bulk of what we do around here is owned intellectual property, by definition, a sports business is a license property, so we have to be exceedingly selective in our licenses. And the company's had history around that. So, generally speaking, I think this is a very disciplined, sometimes to a fault, management team and that applies to the sports business. But I don't want that to be confused with the lack of ambition because, indeed, we're very, very ambitious to grow the enterprise.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, absolutely. We primarily decided that the title deserves and should have more time to be polished so it can reach its absolute optimal state before we release it. And historically, we've always benefited from giving the creative teams more time to polish the titles. We've never regretted it. It's not a meaningful amount of time. The title's still coming out in the fiscal year. And we're really excited about the title. Coming out of E3, where we won Best of Show, it felt like the right thing to do, to make absolutely sure this title can be its very best. At the same time, I do believe February's a pretty terrific release window. It's not at all crowded and we will benefit from the fact that there are a lot of holiday sales of consoles, so the installed base will be bigger and it should be pretty open time to release. And if you look at our history over the past 7 years, we're a company that's often released major titles outside of the holiday season. In fact, we typically are not very active in the traditional holiday season. So having such a robust release schedule for October is somewhat unusual for us. We're really excited about it. But I, for one, am glad that we have Evolve coming in February for any number of reasons.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. We're not really able to give much more color on GTA Online. It's not for want of excitement. We have a great deal of excitement. But when we start getting into content and marketing announcements, that's really driven by the label. We have said though and I want to reiterate, that the release of GTA Online has been extraordinarily favorable for consumers and for us. We're immensely grateful to Rockstar for the incredible product that they delivered, the incredible consumer experience. And we remain optimistic about what GTA Online can be both for current gen and next-gen.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, thank you so much for joining us. Obviously, we're thrilled to have beaten our projected outlook for something like 8 quarters in a row and to reiterate our financial guidance for the year. We have a lot of great things coming up. And we're grateful to the shareholders for their support. Thanks for joining us today.
