Lainie Goldstein: For the first question, Arvind, on the tax credit in the third quarter, we recorded $12 million higher than what we had forecast, and that's about $0.11 of the beat for the quarter. 
Lainie Goldstein: And Eric, in terms of these studios, all we're saying is that it was a reorganization of a development studio and closing of 2 studios in China. And the costs that are in this quarter are the majority of the costs, but there could be about $8 million more to go forward. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure, Larry. So for the convert, our 1.75% convertible notes mature in December. And to date it hasn't made economic sense to take them out before the maturity date. But we definitely are going to keep an eye on it as it gets closer to the maturity. And we have the option to settle it in either cash or stock. So when we get closer to the date we'll see what the best option is for us at that time. 
Strauss Zelnick: And Arvind, it's Strauss. On the second question, what we've said, and obviously it's great news, is that the holiday season brought us the highest revenues yet on Grand Theft Auto Online and we had the highest level of engagement in terms of number of active users. Beyond that we're not going into more detail on metrics, but it is good news. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, for consoles, frontline is around 20% digital distribution. It can be higher depending on the title. This past quarter it looked to be about 20%. And for PC titles, it's 90%-plus digital [indiscernible]. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for the question. We are believers that digital distribution will continue to grow. That's been true ever since digital distribution began. It's been true for every other media business. We're pretty sure it will be true for us. Hard for us to project what the percentage will be or the time will be. It's worth emphasizing that physical distribution still is the lion's share of our console business and a very important distribution channel for us, and we expect that remain the case for some time.  As we transition to digital, we do enjoy higher margin percentages. We enjoy higher margin dollars. It's a good thing, and so we're certainly happy about it. But remember, we meet the consumer where the consumer is. We can't tell the consumer where to go. Our job is to be where the consumer is. And we're ecumenical about types of distribution, business models, channels and even territories. And I'm sorry, I think I lost your second question. 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm not sure we have seen that actually. I suppose it's possible intuitively, but we haven't seen it. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, on average, we have indeed been able to launch 1 new successful IP since 2007. And today we have 11 titles that -- franchises that have each sold at least 5 million units with an individual release and 45 that have sold several million units for an individual release. So the strategy seems to be working.  The next new intellectual property that we're launching is Battleborn and we have very high hopes for it. That's obviously in the next fiscal year and this calendar year. So we remain on track. We'll see how it all pencils out, but it feels good.  In terms of catalog, I think this is a point that's near and dear to my heart, and we've talked about this actually, the notion that successful, reliable entertainment businesses are businesses in which the catalog or library can be accounted for year in, year out to deliver a certain amount of revenue.  And historically the change in the technology for interactive entertainment meant that most companies didn't expect catalog to amount to much. In this last quarter, for example, for us catalog is 48% of our non-GAAP net revenue. So clearly catalog really matters to us. And I think it does matter to us disproportionately because we seem to have the highest unit per SKU count sales for catalog in the industry. And I think that is driven by quality.  The -- for great, reliable media businesses, catalog or library can be well over 50% of revenue period in, period out, even with strong frontline releases. And I do think that's something that one can aspire to in our business with a couple of key caveats. First of all, obviously you have to continue to deliver quality. And secondly, we have to begin to see sort of a technological asymptote being reached on the hardware side. And very difficult for us to call the latter; very important for us to focus on the former.   In terms of virtual reality, let's put personal opinions to the side. It's our job to be at the front lines of everything that goes on in the industry. We've made no secret of the fact that we're doing some investigation and some R&D. We don't have much more to say about that because our labels talk about the release schedules. We try not to do that here. And of course there is no real commercialized hardware in the market yet. Will there be? Unquestionably. Will it be an interesting platform for interactive entertainment? Challenges notwithstanding, I think most people feel it will be.  And our personal opinions aren't really relevant. The key thing is that, to the extent VR platforms become interesting and an important part of the interactive entertainment business, we'll be there because we're always there for consumers. And I have zero doubt we'll be able to be there and be there in a competitive way. But it is early and perhaps irrelevant for me to state an opinion on how it's going to go. 
Strauss Zelnick: Undoubtedly engagement ebbs and flows with the nature of the content. And when we do release new content for GTA Online we do see enhanced engagement and virtual currency sales will reflect that enhanced engagement. But I -- the approach of our company broadly remains: delight consumers first. And if you do that over and over again, if you delight them, if you engage them, and if you think about delivering a great experience, then the monetization, the revenues and the profitability won't be far behind.  But what we don't do at our company, and it's terribly important not to, is focus on monetization leading to data, leading to content. We don't do it that way. We really do it the other way around. And I think that that's the nature of any true entertainment company. You have to focus on the experience of engaging with and entertaining your consumers. And frankly, that's what's most exciting about GTA online. Yes, it's great to talk about the numbers and that's what we do in this call. But remember those numbers are driven by record levels of consumer engagement over 2 years after the initial launch of the title.  And that's a sea change for us. It's a sea change for the industry. It bodes well, very well for the future. And as far as content, I can talk about what we've done so far. We put out this free content I just described for GTA Online. It's driven great engagement, it's driven great results, and it continues to astonish us in a positive way. And anything else that comes for the game will be announced by the label in due time. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. We're really proud of the team approach that we have here at our company, and we have a very broad and deep team. I can confirm that Leslie Benzies went on sabbatical in September of 2014. He decided not to return to Rockstar Games.  Since that time Rockstar North is and will continue to be under the leadership of Aaron Garbut and Rob Nelson. We're so proud of the deep and broad pool of creative talent. It's our job to move ahead day and night without ever missing a beat, and that's what we're doing.  In terms of our colleagues here at every level, we enjoy long-standing relationships with all the people who make this organization tick. We aim to be the best place in the business to work at. We are imperfect, of course, and I'm especially imperfect, but our track record speaks for itself. And we have extraordinary long-term relationships, and I'm highly confident that they will continue. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, listen. I have all the respect in the world for Leslie and for everyone else here, current and former colleagues. And of course I wish him all the best. I can't comment on his plans. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we are excited about the pipeline. We've made some announcements, of course, about upcoming titles. We talked a bit about XCOM 2, which is coming very soon and has gotten great reviews so far. We're really excited about that. That's coming from Firaxis. We have Battleborn coming in May, which will have powerful single player and multiplayer approach. This comes to the market from Gearbox, the people who brought us Borderlands, and they're immensely talented folks and we have high hopes.  We talked about Mafia III coming in calendar 2016. And of course we have basketball and wrestling in our catalog. We have NBA 2K Online in China. We've launched Civilization Online in Korea. We have GTA Online ongoing and performing super well. And we have our catalog.  So the good news is we have a backdrop at this company against which to populate additional titles. We have not announced our full release schedule. We have not talked about the year after next. What we have been willing to say, though, is we have an enterprise now which is solid, well financed, highly creative, stable and rational, and that enterprise is yielding great results year in and year out, results that generate high revenues, blazing trails in digital distribution and recurrent consumer spending, high profitability and strong cash conversion. And we have over $1.2 billion of cash because of the way we account for our convert. We have no debt in that context.  So you have to give that background. I know the market would love it if we would talk about titles coming up the next couple of years, but we make our announcements in an effort to market our titles most effectively, and that's proven to be a sound strategy. And one thing that I do like saying is, don't look at what I say, look at what I do; I'm likely do that again.  We've described our strategy over and over again. It's to be the most creative, the most efficient and the most innovative company in the business. It's to deliver a limited number of the highest quality releases from both of our labels year in, year out, to annualize our sports and our sports entertainment titles, but not to annualize our action and adventure and other titles.  That's a strategy we're pursuing, and it's yielded not only great hits from our franchises but great new hits every year since 2007. I can't guarantee it will keep happening, but certainly that's what we're aiming towards. And we're doing that while we build these new businesses, these businesses that are free to play, these businesses that take place in Asia, these businesses that are massive multiplayer businesses.  So that's as much as I can say about the pipeline. But as you can tell from my voice, we're super excited about it. And specifically with regard to any of the labels, they'll talk about their own plans. But what Rockstar has been able to achieve with GTA Online, which even on this -- if you did look at a standalone business you'd say, "My, that's an incredibly extraordinary, powerful and profitable release." Again, more than 2 years after the release, well, that's something to be very proud of indeed. 
Strauss Zelnick: Historically it's been somewhere between 4 and 9 months, depending on the label and the release. And by the way, I know I skipped over your basketball question. I didn't mean to. I guess at the risk of sounding overpromotional, which really isn't my style, but we sold in over 6 million units. This is the industry-leading title. And the team of Visual Concepts has done an amazing job. Their scores are up again this year.  And we tend to be people who -- the question we like to pose most frequently is what are we missing? What can we do better? And I promise you the team Visual Concepts in 2K will only try to make that title better and better. And if we succeed, it will continue to perform.  That's also reflected in recurrent consumer spending for the title. Our sale of virtual currency is up 72% year-over-year. So when -- and again, since we're not organized around those percentages. They're a reflection of what we're doing. I think it's a reflection specifically of just how much consumers love the title. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a really great question, and I think if you take a look at our headcount, our investment has been in the development side. When we showed up here in 2007 I think we had about 1,100 people who were involved with development and now it's about 2,000 people, maybe even a bit more. You should expect that to continue to grow.  What we try to keep as modest as possible is fixed overhead that is not responsible for either creating intellectual property or exploiting that intellectual property. And so some of our competitors made a good deal of noise around building service centers, data centers, call centers and the like. And we'd like nothing more than to have none of that infrastructure here, although we do have some.  You're right, we have had to build some expertise on the service side. I think we're proud of what we built. Pound for pound I'm quite certain we have a much leaner service team than any of our competitors and we want to keep it that way. But it means we have to be smarter, we have to innovate. But we're pretty well allergic to fixed costs and to non-revenue-generating overhead. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Larry. In terms of our financial commitment in the e-sports base it's not significant at all at the moment. Doesn't mean it won't be in the future. In fact, it's been a net contributor because we were an investor in Twitch early on and we had a great return on that investment. So we bet very early on this space, and it worked out super well for us. But no, it's not a meaningful commitment and there is -- the risk is de minimis, absolutely de minimis.  And that's how we like to do things unless and until we're convinced that an economic opportunity exists. Our view in the business is, since only we can exploit our intellectual property, we have the ability to be somewhat judicious as businesses are developing and then step in when there is an opportunity.  I think there could well be an opportunity for e-sports in Korea. It remains to be seen. It's a very active market. We consider ourselves reasonably expert. We have a terrific partner there, we know the market well and we have an on-the-ground presence, but it's a little early to say. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are thrilled with the results that we've just reported. We appreciate your engagement and support. Once again, to all of our colleagues, thank you for all the great work. 
