Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report this fiscal 2018 is off to an excellent start, with our business' positive momentum continuing to exceed our expectations in the first quarter. Take-Two delivered growth in both net sales and net revenue as well as margin expansion.  Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continued to outperform our expectations during the first quarter, nearly 4 years after their initial release. Grand Theft Auto V remains the highest-rated game of the current console generation and the must-have title for gamers on both console and PC. Grand Theft Auto Online delivered its best quarter ever, substantially exceeding our next sales expectations and was once again the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending.  Rockstar Games has continued to drive sustained engagement and growth in recurring consumer spending through the ongoing release of free additional content, most recently the Dawn Raid, Overtime Rumble and Power Mad updates. On the heels of the June 13 release of the substantial Gunrunning update, June and July successfully became our 2 biggest months ever for Grand Theft Auto Online monthly active users. And Rockstar Games will continue to support the game going forward. As a result of Grand Theft Auto Online's performance in the first quarter, we now expect the game to deliver net sales growth during fiscal 2018 and another consecutive year of record results.  NBA 2K17 remains the top-rated sports game of the current console generation and is now our highest selling sports title ever with selling to date of more than 8.5 million units. In addition to robust demand for the game itself, net sales from our NBA 2K series continue to benefit from strong engagement and recurrent consumer spending. During the first quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K once again exceeded our expectations and grew 64%. NBA 2K has been a tremendous success, and we believe that the series can continue to grow both unit sales and recurrent consumer spending for years to come.  In addition, a number of other titles from our diverse portfolio contributed to our first quarter results, including Social Point's redeploying mobile titles, WWE 2K17 and WWE SuperCard, Mafia III and Sid Meier's Civilization VI. Digitally delivered net sales exceeded our expectations in the first quarter, driven by growth in both recurrent consumer spending and full-game downloads. Recurrent consumer spending increased 71% and accounted for 58% of total net sales. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, a variety of other offerings contributed to recurrent consumer spending.  In the free-to-play category, Social Point continues to outperform our expectations, with net sales from its 2 biggest games, Dragon City and Monster Legends, growing double digits in the first quarter. We view Social Point as an important long-term growth opportunity for Take-Two. WWE SuperCard also continued to grow with net sales up more than 50% and total downloads now exceeding 15 million. And NBA 2K Online remains the #1 PC online sports game in China, with over 35 million registered users.  Downloadable add-on content also contributed to the growth in recurrent consumer spending, led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, Mafia III and WWE 2K17. We expect fiscal 2018 to be another strong year for Take-Two, and we've raised our outlook for net sales and net cash provided by operating activities. Looking ahead to fiscal 2019, we expect to deliver both record net sales and net cash provided by operating activities, led by the launches of Rockstar Games, Red Dead Redemption 2 and a highly anticipated new title from one of 2K's biggest franchises.  Today, our industry is only just beginning to realize its vast potential. From the introduction of exciting new hardware platforms to the continued growth of digital distribution, we now have the ability to reach and captivate audiences like never before. In addition, the ways in which consumers engage with interactive entertainment are continuing to evolve, including through mobile devices and the fast-growing world of competitive gaming. Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned creatively, operationally and financially to capitalize on all of these opportunities and to deliver value to our customers and returns for our shareholders over the long term.  I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think 4 years after its initial release, we're immensely gratified that Grand Theft Auto V continues to sell, sold in more than 80 million units and that -- it looks like Grand Theft Auto Online will have another record year. Beyond that, we're not making any projections. However, we have observed that when Rockstar Games drops additional robust content, people are enthusiastic about playing the game and monetization follows appropriately. And that's kind of how we look at the world. In terms of the competitive landscape going forward, look, our view is that all entertainment titles compete against every other, possible use of your time. And they don't compete specifically against our games or anyone else's games. They compete against everything, against text messaging, going to the movies, reading a book, doing your work, whatever else can occupy your time. Entertainment is a nice to have, not a must have. However, when there is more than one title in the marketplace that compels people, the market also expands to take advantage of it. So the marketplace can be competitive, but it's rarely directly competitive title, whether that's a title that comes out under the Take-Two umbrella or any of our competitors or anything else for that matter. That's sort of a roundabout way of saying, we're really looking forward to the release of Red Dead Redemption 2. We're really excited and enthusiastic, of course. We don't think that has anything to do at all with how Grand Theft Auto and Grand Theft Auto Online will perform. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. There are no updates apart from our enthusiasm about the release in spring of 2018. And what Rockstar Games has said is there will be an online component, no more details have been given. We've said as a company that our hope and expectation is that all of our significant releases offer consumers an opportunity to stay engaged after the initial release. And it's our belief that if you surprise and delight and excite consumers, then monetization can't be far behind and that's been our experience. Beyond that, we're not giving out any more details. 
Strauss Zelnick: Ben, it's Strauss. In terms of AR versus VR, they're completely different user experiences. And the concerns that I raise regarding VR are not applicable to AR. In order to have an AR experience, you don't necessarily have to be wearing glasses or a headset. You're not burdened by being in a particular location. And the discomfort factor doesn't exist necessarily. And we've already seen a very successful AR title with Pokemon GO, a very successful title. And one can talk endlessly about their trajectory of that title, how it peaked relatively quickly, separate issue. But I have no skepticism about the possibilities for AR. It's in the hands of the developers. Are they passionate about an idea, and is the idea brought to reality in a spectacular, exciting and compelling way? So I think there is great opportunity. Remains to be seen if the AR technology itself is what creates the opportunity. This entertainment business that we're in here is a sort of -- is unique and that it's this combination of technology and what that means in terms of gameplay, character, story and graphics. It's unusual that so many moving parts in any given time and for the full history of this business since its inception, as one piece moves ahead, other pieces move ahead. So it's pretty hard to predict what will excite consumers, and we don't -- We, sitting here today, from a corporate point of view, don't propose to predict that. But that's what our 2,200 creative folks are in the business of doing and our strategy is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient. And I think what you're talking about is in innovation, and we're proud of the innovations that our creative teams are focused on every day. So more to come, but I don't have any skepticism, particularly about AR technology. 
Strauss Zelnick: One would expect that catalog sales would slow over time, certainly. And we also when we outlined our expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online for this fiscal year, we felt that sales would moderate, has not turned out to be the case in the first quarter. We're not expecting to be the case in the second. But as Lainie said, we are expecting sales to moderate in the third and fourth quarter, would still yield a record year. And of course, we have to see how it pencils out. But yes, unit sales of the full game would normally decline over time. 
Strauss Zelnick: We're not giving out more color in terms of conversion and ARPPU or ARPU on the title except the information that we already gave in terms of where the game is going. Rockstar Games has said that there is more content to come for Grand Theft Auto Online and we're excited about that, and I think consumers are too. Beyond that, in terms of where the title goes creatively or where any franchise goes creatively, as you know, Mike, we leave those discussions and announcements to our labels. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we did have very successful release of the Gunrunning update in the quarter and that generated a lot of enthusiasm and net sales reflected that enthusiasm. So I think you properly capture that. And in terms of your question regarding catalog, Lainie will take that one. 
Strauss Zelnick: I understand why you're posing the question given the theme. We had a great worldwide result with the Red Dead Redemption. We expect it'll have a similar geographical mix to any titles of that scale. We pride ourselves on our world-wide marketing and distribution organization. The international markets continue to develop for us and for our competitors. We're incredibly excited, for example, about what's going on in Asia, where there's a lot of growth. So no, we don't have any reason to believe that geographical mix will differ. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, let's distinguish our collective enthusiasm for the NBA eLeague from our financial expectations because we've included no results in our outlook for -- from that. And that's, again, not a reflection of a shortage of interest or enthusiasm, we have plenty of that. But our style around here is that we don't claim victory before it occurs. We work really hard to create something and really diligently to do so, and then we tell you how it goes afterwards, candidly, for what it's worth. We think it's an amazing opportunity. The NBA is a great partner. Brandon [indiscernible] is doing a fantastic job, building a team to exploit the opportunity. We have a schedule coming in '18. We have 17 teams who are signed up to participate. But the business model is still uncertain in the space, as I've said before. And there's really only one game in this space that generates a whole lot of revenue right now. And again, we think there is a wonderful opportunity, but we're not yet at the point where we would include that in our results. In terms of Social Point games that are in development, those are included in our outlook. And as I mentioned, that deal is not very old around here, but it's still already performing much better than our expectations. Net sales are up double digits in the quarter. 
Strauss Zelnick: I know -- I actually don't think it's any more or less predictable. The vagaries of creative businesses though are well known to all of us. When you're putting out the next iteration in a beloved franchise, generally, as you come to completion between the installed base, which is the information that we have and the experience we had in the prior release within the franchise, we come pretty close to, I think, the fence. We -- the biggest benefit of moving into digital, of course, is that we don't have any sort of economic order quantity concerns. We don't have to worry about how many units we produce or overproducing or underproducing because a digital game is always available. There is also an enormous benefit for our catalog because our catalog title that isn't selling a lot of units won't be on shelves or may not be on shelves, but it's always available in digital form. And finally, of course, our margins, both percentage and dollars are higher with digital distribution. So this is one of these situations where it's all good news. Perhaps, the only bad news, if there is bad news, is obviously when you buy a digital version of a game, you don't have the ability to trade in the used title later. So from a consumer point of view, I -- it could be seen that it's more expensive to buy a frontline title. How do we deal with about? We aren't really -- We weren't particularly subject to used game sales at all because we pride ourselves in having the highest quality titles in the marketplace, people don't like trading in our games, typically. So I think from this company's point of view, the movement to digital, which to be clear, we have no influence over. We need to be where the consumer is. We don't try to order the market. We try to be responsive and be at service to our consumers. However, the movement to digital distribution is definitely a very good thing for our company and for the industry. 
Strauss Zelnick: We're -- we were excited 6 months ago and supportive. We are excited now. We have NBA 2K and WWE 2K coming for Switch. The sales have been great. We expect the sales to continue to be great. We're very optimistic around the platform. We're very supportive of Nintendo. So the only thing that's changed in the last 6 months is our initial belief has been reinforced by the early very strong results. Thank you all for joining us. Thanks for your questions. Really appreciate it. We're really pleased with and proud of the results from the quarter and, as always, we appreciate your attention and your support. Thank you very much. 
Lainie Goldstein: So I'll start with GTA Online. And it has really performed unbelievably. Q1, it outperformed, it beat our expectations. And -- we're heading into Q2. We see that Q2 will also be up over last year. But for Q3 and Q4, we still have it moderating slightly. But overall, we'll be up for the full year. And then for the NBA information, we haven't given out that level of detail. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the full year, we are looking the [indiscernible] due to our Q1 beat and then our improved outlook for the reminder of the year, which is driven by the improved forecast for GTA 5, GTA Online and NBA 2K. And we also increased our marketing expense for certain titles, GTA Online and some of the rest of the titles that are in our pipeline. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. In terms of our full-game downloads for our new consoles, for Q1, we had -- it was at 40%, which is higher than usual for us because we were so heavily weighted towards our catalog titles during the quarter. But before the full year, we see it being at around 30%. 
Lainie Goldstein: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there -- we don't have a change. We are reiterating what we said last quarter, and net sales above $2.5 billion and cash from operations above $700 million. 
Lainie Goldstein: So the marketing expense being higher that I mentioned in our new outlook, that is additional marketing for some of our titles. 
Karl Slatoff: So I'll just give the third one, the easiest one. Yes, Borderlands is a 2K title. So it's published by 2K, developed by Gearbox. So that's quick answer to that question. In terms of platform exclusivities, we don't really focus too much on that. I think, for us, the priority for us is to make sure that our entertainment -- our products are available as widely as possible on as many platforms as possible. There may be specific game-related reasons for us to do a certain level of exclusivity by platform, but there really is no strategic focus on increasing or decreasing that going forward. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of mix of marketing, I think we are seeing a change of mix. I -- and that doesn't -- that's not to say that we don't have the same kind of opportunities that we had in the past in traditional marketing, television, outdoor or otherwise. We are obviously seeing more opportunities to be more efficient on -- from a marketing perspective. Social media presents all kinds of new and interesting opportunities for us. But in terms of very significant meaningful changes that would impact your models or expectations, I would say no. 
Karl Slatoff: Stephen, in the terms of engagement, which is kind of code for recurrent consumer spending, again, that's not really necessarily a -- has an effect on our predictability. It just -- it really -- that's a factor of extending the life of the product and then enabling to monetize more effectively and for a longer period of time. So when we know we have a hit and we know engagement is high, then we can consider that we're going to have -- obviously have better results for a longer period of time. So it's really not about predictability. It's more about how effectively we monetize. 
Karl Slatoff: So the answer to that is it really depends on a title. I mean, some titles are actually heavily weighted to PC, for example, Civilization and XCOM. Some titles are less weighted to PC. So it really depends on a title by title basis. The great news is that the PC market is vibrant for us. It's a great market for us, it's a big market, it's a core market. These are -- and consumers that are highly engaged. It's a predominantly digital market, which also removes friction in terms of ongoing engagement with a consumer. So for us, the PC market, as a company, is very important and very exciting and something we focus on. 
