Lainie Goldstein: It's Lainie. For the holiday quarter, we don't give out on a title-by-title basis how the revenue comes together. But I can tell you that it's based on our best estimates as of right now and how we're selling into the market and what our anticipating is going to be with the holiday season, which we think will be very strong. This is done by a title-by-title basis and rolled out. In terms of fiscal year '14, we're not at the stage right now to give out guidance for that year. So we're not doing so at this time.
Lainie Goldstein: Eric, it's Lainie. For Asia, we haven't really shared the details on how the economics are going to work for us yet. So I can't really explain exactly how to model it in. For fiscal year '13, it's a pretty small part of our business, but we plan for it to be bigger in the future years.
Lainie Goldstein: James, this is Lainie. The difference between the 2 periods, there's a lot of missing -- there's a lot of pieces that go back and forth each quarter as we update our number. The biggest driver is obviously GTA V is now fiscal year '14, and we've announced that it's during spring 2013 release time period, not in this fiscal year. The revised estimates are mostly the updates on our currently released titles. Obviously strength from Borderlands and NBA and our catalog. But there's also other titles that will go up and down depending on how they're performing in the marketplace. And we also feel our -- we have continued strength in our catalog into Q3 and Q4 that's included in our numbers for this year.
Lainie Goldstein: For the fourth quarter, which we're not giving guidance out for right now, I can tell you the big drivers will be BioShock Infinite, continued sales of NBA and Borderlands 2 and XCOM. There are some titles that we haven't announced yet. There's also going to be some significant marketing cost during the quarter for some titles for that quarter, as well as for future -- like, future periods right after that.
Lainie Goldstein: I'm not going to share that level of detail at this time, but it definitely includes marketing for some of our key titles that would be coming in the future.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For the past [indiscernible] free item. During this quarter, for GAAP purposes, it'll be recognized when it's delivered, which is in Q3. But for non-GAAP purposes, it's included in our numbers in this quarter.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We're not trying to parse it more specifically than that. As Lainie said, we aim with guidance to give our best estimate of where we'll land without too much conservatism or too much optimism. We try to hit what we think will be the case.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Arvind, for your questions. We have announced, for fiscal '14, XCOM coming from 2K Marin. And obviously, Rockstar has announced GTA V. And we said before, our release schedule includes announced and unannounced titles. We're not giving more color on fiscal '14 right now, but obviously, we will in the future as we would in the normal course. And with regard to the date for Grand Theft Auto V, spring 2013, we make those announcements based on what we think is best to market the title. And that we think that, that's the right way to describe it and we're just thrilled with the way that is shaping up.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, like everything Borderlands and Borderlands-related, the Season Pass is phenomenally successful. Borderlands -- the first Borderlands really set the standard for how downloadable content could be released and how consumers would pay for it and enjoy it. And Borderlands 2 is seeing extraordinary success with its downloadable content, extraordinary success. So we feel just great about that. And Lainie will address the amortization issue.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. We are involved with all the key decisions on all of our titles. These are partnerships with the strongest local partners in the various local markets in which we operate. And they are real partnerships. So we're involved with every part of the decision-making. We wouldn't normally give details on how much we're spending on any given title. What is nice about online titles is that consumers are involved with the development in a way because you go to beta and you begin to see metrics from the title, and the online titles can be living entities -- living, breathing entities where what the consumers are doing can influence exactly what we're delivering to consumers before we actually go live. And then when we're actually live -- for example, we're now live in China as of the 24th -- we can still further iterate the title to meet consumers' needs and expectations to drive results. So how much we spend on marketing will reflect in no small measure consumer uptake of the title on an ongoing basis. So our expectations prior to launch wouldn't really be that valuable except to say the resources are there to support these titles as they roll out. And the initial indications from China are excellent and very encouraging. And we feel quite encouraged about what we're seeing coming out of Korea as well, and how that might translate to the rest of Asia. I think the second question was about the potential for digital content for Grand Theft Auto V, and it's way too early to discuss those plans. And of course, those discussions would come from Rockstar in the normal course. I think you can safely assume Rockstar, as the label that led the charge in downloadable content with Grand Theft Auto IV, I think you have every reason to believe, particularly because of the groundbreaking nature of the title itself and the multiplayer in the title, that there's going to be a lot of interesting stuff. But I'll leave that to Rockstar to announce.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we have actually had other season passes. Rockstar has had season passes, and we've been involved with them before and with varying degrees of success. It falls in the category of give consumers what they want at a fair price, and they'll come out for it. In the case of all of our downloadable contents across all of our labels, our goal is always to give consumers more than they pay for, so that when they show up -- when they keep the title as opposed to turning it in, and when they stay involved with the title, we're going to make that really worth their while. And that's true across our entire company. And I think Borderlands is a great example but certainly not the only example of that. Turning to your question about Wii U, we are supporting Wii U. We have NBA 2K coming out for Wii U on the 16th of November, and we're very excited about that. We'll see how it does. In terms of particular devices, I'm a huge believer in tablets. We've been very supportive of all things tablet and mobile-related and we think the world of Microsoft. So we assume they're going to figure it out. They always seem to.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Atul, for your questions. I can't really help you out. We don't typically give that level of detail and it would be premature to do so anyhow. Obviously, the China market is very, very significant in scale and free-to-play massive multiplayer games can do very well. At any given time, 10 or 20 of them are performing quite well in that marketplace, which creates a business opportunity vastly larger than anywhere else in the world. We have no -- we haven't discussed any plans to bring NBA online elsewhere. We have a great relationship with the NBA and we aim to delight consumers. I think whatever we do will be market-specific. I don't think you'd see a simple port of a title from one market to another. We would tailor anything we do to the needs of the particular market. And in terms of the scale, again, we haven't contemplated, and I think part of that is our approach in general to projections. This is a volatile business. We've said it before. In many instances, we've done better than expectations. In certain sad instances, we've missed our expectations. And we seem to be in a very good period right now and we like that. What we try not to do is -- we try to talk about what we're up to in a way that provides transparency, but not claim success until we actually deliver it. That's typically our approach. So the potential scale for any business in China that's successful is obviously enormous. The potential scale for our businesses there, it remains too early to say. We are trying very hard. We have great partners. We have great intellectual property. I am really proud of what we've been able to do from a standing start. I'm particularly proud because we did it with such limited risk. And that's very important as stewards of other people's capital and our own capital as well, since we're all shareholders here on the phone today. That's a crucial way to look at it and it is the way we look at it. But we try to do the best job we can and success will take care of itself.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, in terms of timing. I think we are very mindful of the potential console transition. Of course, we rely on the information we receive from our hardware partners, as does the market, and we typically don't comment on it. We are very mindful of an upcoming transition. And the consumer behavior puts a fine point on that because as we head into the maturation of the cycle, we see tie ratios come down and you've seen what happens when that happens. It fits very well with our stated strategy, which is we try really hard to do only the highest-quality titles, the titles that consumers will show up for without regard to where you are in the hardware cycle. In that way, we can really benefit from a large installed base, which we already have and which will grow larger through the holidays for today's hardware. And we are -- while not immune, we are less at risk for the lower tie ratios because we're putting out must-have product. If we don't put out must-have product, we too will be hurt by the fact that people are more selective in their purchases as you head into the end of the cycle. Everyone in our company is mindful of that, not the least our creative teams. So we're all very, very mindful of that. In terms of your second question, we don't have a ramp-up of operating expenses for next generation. Like everyone else in the business, except one of our competitors, once we reach technical feasibility, we capitalize our software development. And at that point, it no longer hits our P&L until we release the title, at which point we amortize it in accordance with GAAP, as you know. So we wouldn't expect our operating expenses to increase. And I think I'll answer a question you didn't necessarily pose, which is -- has been posed, which is, do we believe the titles to be a whole lot more expensive to make for next gen? And the answer is, we do not. In many instances, we believe that it may be somewhat easier to make titles for next-gen, depending on how the technology comes together.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, as those of us -- those of you who have followed us for the last 5 years know, we aim to diversify the products of the company and to build up and diversify the release schedule, while staying true to the company's DNA of focusing on owned intellectual property and only the highest quality interactive entertainment. And the company has been extraordinarily successful at diversifying its release schedule. Since 2007, we've released at least one multimillion unit selling title, new intellectual property every year, sometimes more. At the same time, we do not have a strategy of annualizing our titles apart from our sports titles, which are naturally annualized. And the reason is that -- really several-fold. The first is, we want to put out the highest-quality titles and we think it's tough to do that annually, although one of our competitors in particular does a very good job of it. The second is that we think you preserve the lifespan of the intellectual property by limiting the releases to less than annually. And the third is that primarily, we're focused on quality and we put out a title when it's really great and really ready to go. That said, the release schedule is much more robust than it used to be and I expect that to continue to be the case. With regard to our label strategy, first of all, probably better that our labels should talk about it and they do. That said, again, we have -- the commonality we have across the company is to try to be the most creative shop, the most efficient shop, the most innovative shop. And I feel that while we can always do better, we're making strong progress across all 3 of those dimensions.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Once again, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues at Take-Two for stepping up at this very difficult time. I'd like to thank our shareholders for joining us and we wish you well.
