Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I’d like to thank our teams for a strong start to the year. Turning to our announced launches for fiscal 2024. Yesterday, Rockstar Games announced that the beloved Western experiences, Red Dead Redemption and Undead Nightmare would be coming to the Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 for the first time in a new single package, arriving August 17. In a new conversion by Double Eleven Studios, the Switch and PS4 versions bring the two classic experiences together again for new players and original fans to enjoy across modern consoles, including backwards compatibility with the PlayStation 5. On September 8, 2K and Visual Concepts will celebrate the 25th anniversary of our industry defining NBA 2K series and once again redefine basketball simulations with the launch of NBA 2K24, featuring the iconic Kobe Bryant as the game’s cover athlete for the second time in the history of the franchise. Players will be able to celebrate Bryant’s legacy and replicate his skills in the brand-new Mamba Moments mode. Players in the U.S. and Canada can also purchase the WNBA Edition of the game exclusively at GameStop, featuring WNBA All-Star Sabrina Ionescu, as this year’s cover star. NBA 2K24 will introduce cross-play, a community requested feature for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S. Available in every multiplayer mode, players will be able to compete with or against others from around the world in dynamic co-op matches, thrilling online tournaments, or casual pick-up games between new generation consoles. The title will also introduce ProPLAY, a groundbreaking new technology that directly translates actual NBA footage into gameplay. 2K will have more to share on NBA 2K24 in the coming weeks. In addition, 2K and Visual Concepts remain hard at work on WWE 2K24, the next installment of our popular wrestling series, which set new creative and critical benchmarks with last year’s highly successful release. In June, Private Division and Evening Star announced Penny’s Big Breakaway, a new 3D action platformer from the team behind Sonic Mania. This kinetic yo-yo adventure is expected to launch in early 2024. Zynga’s Star Wars: Hunters, which offers players the opportunity to join the greatest hunters from across the Star Wars galaxy is expected to launch later this fiscal year. Players will engage in thrilling third-person combat in a range of competitive game modes across battlegrounds from the iconic worlds of Star Wars. Also in mobile, Social point’s latest game, Top Troops, a medieval fantasy-themed title in the PvP merge genre is progressing well in soft launch and is expected to launch worldwide this fiscal year. In addition, our hyper-casual studios will release a steady cadence of mobile titles throughout the year, focusing on games that have the potential for enhanced retention rates and a mix of in-app purchases and advertising to drive higher monetization and profitability. Our labels will also continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our offerings, including Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online, WWE 2K, LEGO 2K Drive, PGA TOUR 2K, Kerbal Space Program 2, and Zynga’s mobile portfolio. Throughout fiscal year 2024, we look forward to launching additional releases from what we believe to be the strongest and most exciting development pipeline in our company’s history. I’ll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Karl Slatoff: So this is Karl, Mario. So look, we're very excited about cross play. It's something that our customers have been asking for and something that's natural for NBA. So obviously, we don't do anything in -- we don't put any new boats into a game unless we think that's going to have a significant impact on the experience for the consumer. That's something the consumer is going to love. And as end up leading to increased engagement. And obviously, as we say, when you get increased engagement, you get increased monetization and then everyone's happy in that regard. So all of these decisions are economic decisions, but it starts off first with the experience itself. And at this point, we're very confident that 2K is tracked and not on cross play experiences, and we're looking forward to that. And as it relates to PC and Ogan (ph) in terms of -- it's really just again allocation of resources, these decisions.
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. We have – most of – it’s funny you say a higher price because when we have some early access games in the market right now, we typically would offer them at a lower price because it would imply that there’s more to come in the game, and it’s not necessarily the final version. We have seen the early access models out there in terms of holding back access and making people pay more for earlier access – that’s not something that we’ve done to date. I would never say never. But honestly, that’s a marketing decision. And our priority is really making sure that the game comes out, comes out in a timely fashion as the best experience possible. That’s something that makes sense. So it’s down the line, we could experiment with it. But to date, that has not been something that we’ve looked at.
Karl Slatoff: And then in terms of the things like subscription services or game in a month, where the consumer is necessarily buying the individual game. Obviously, we don't do these things unless we think there's a significant economic opportunity for us to do so. So you can -- if you see it going in some of those services, you can assume that, that math has been done. And yes, we do see an uptick in recurrent consumer spending generally because we bring a lot of new players. And those players are valuable players. And as long as they’re engaged with the game itself, the engagement is strong and the conversion to RCS is very strong. It’s all about – and again, it varies cohort to cohort and varies game to game. But if we do drive significant engagement from folks who are coming into the game, we are seeing very favorable reserves as it relates to monetization.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. I mean I love that people are debating whether we're going to be in a recession from the point of view of a digital entertainment company, we've been in a recession for the better part of 18 months. The market for interactive entertainment was down meaningfully in 2022, down for the first time in the history of the mobile business over 10%, pretty much across the board. Things are looking a lot better. The year-over-year comps have stabilized. We're seeing growth in the console market. It's early, but we are seeing some growth. Mobile sort of flat, slightly down. We hope that will improve. I do feel like we're all seeing some green shoots across the economy. But it definitely is a mixed picture depending on the U.S. So in the context of the entertainment business, live entertainment is doing great. But in the context of entertainment that people consumed at home during the pandemic, it's been challenging for a while. And again, I think it's beginning to normalize, but it's early days yet. When asked a couple of calls ago what I thought would happen in the economy, I said that I thought it would bottom out in June, July. And that by the end of calendar '23, we begin to see some good news and then we'd be in reasonably good position from an economic point of view in early '24, and I continue to believe that that's what will happen.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we live within the entertainment ecosystem. So we would never wish for any other industry to have a problem. But if the strike means that new content can't be delivered, then I suppose it could be some small positive benefit for our business. But we aren't counting on that. We're certainly not hoping for it.
Strauss Zelnick: Some, and we are moving in that direction selectively. Look, historically, for games where you could make in app purchases, less than 10% of the audience actually spent. So we are fielding a game for 100% of the audience and monetizing 10% or so, perhaps a bit more often a bit less. And it's our view that we ought to be monetizing 100% of the audience. So if someone's going to spend, that's great. And if they're not going to spend, then we ought to be able to monetize through advertising. The question is how do you do that and create a high-quality experience. And I think the answer is we can do that. We can distinguish among those audiences. We're not there yet, but I think we're moving in that direction.
Strauss Zelnick: So we don’t actually give out that percentage. Some of our competitors do. And so one of our biggest competitors, I think, has gone on the record to say it’s about 25% and I think that’s a good number. We’re not remotely in that vicinity. There’s plenty of room for growth. I would note that Zynga’s advertising net bookings were up 11% year-over-year. So it’s really good news. And we’re really happy about the growth of our direct-to-consumer platform and what that can mean for consumers and also for us.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the deal side, it's hard to know. In terms of our strategy, we think we're in a position to grow organically. We have a lot of new releases coming from Zynga. We're really excited about them. As you know, hit ratios are very low in the mobile business. So we're not claiming success until it occurs. But we do feel really good about some new launches. And in terms of the promotional cadences.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, I think it's an established intellectual property that's been known and beloved for a very long time. And if you combine that with a high-quality expression, I think you can do very well. We don't -- we obviously don't know what they're spending to be in the position that they're in. I do know that we're very focused on profitability. So we're being careful to make sure that our user acquisition spending reflects a high lifetime value for our customer.
Strauss Zelnick: We continue to believe there's an opportunity there. We do have titles coming that will offer an opportunity to engage on console and also in mobile. We don't think it's something that you have to offer, each title will stand alone. And a question you didn't ask, but we've also discussed the possibility of creating new mobile titles based on core Take-Two intellectual property. And that's something that we're also potentially excited about. In all instances, the consumer experience, the quality of the title is what governs, not the business model. So we have to create something great that consumers want. If we do, they'll show up and if we don't, they won't.
Strauss Zelnick: And then in terms of the hyper casual business, what we've seen is that there are some gains, particularly with the acquisition of Bapcor that are a bit stickier than the typical hyper casual business. And they have the opportunity to engage consumers for longer periods of time and also potentially lead to not just necessarily monetizing through advertising, but also monetizing through in-out purchasing. So we're starting to see that. We're starting to experiment with that. And we think that there's a market there for us. I think that people have been -- we've been calling is the hybrid casual market where you have the ability to not only monetize with advertising, but also in out purchases just because the experiences are a bit deeper and they last a little bit longer. So we think that's very exciting. I don't know that it's going to necessarily impact the advertising opportunity overall, but it certainly creates new opportunities within that purchases for us.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I do understand what you mean. It really varies game by game. So if the game is not suited to direct-to-consumer and it may not be because of its style, it's the interaction that consumers have with the title, then there may not be an opportunity even though it's a big title and then there are other titles where it's a terrific opportunity. Again, we haven't established a number that we're shooting for, but I did quote the number that a competitor has outlined. And I think that number is kind of the high end of the possibility.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. We think it's probably a relatively small opportunity economically. We're not going to use our balance sheet to invest in film and television projects. Those are typically very challenged asset classes with which I'm quite familiar. And to point out two success as notable as they may be, lies the fact that there are many, many failures where money was lost. So far, we've taken a very selective approach to licensing and we do have a Boelens (ph) movie coming from Lionsgate, and we have BioShock movie coming as well. We're excited about both. And selectively, we could see licensing in the future when there's a creative imperative and an economic opportunity. I think you're right. The reason there's been success lately was because you had great IP and then there was a great project that was made from it. And the reason you've had failure in the past is that the expression of the IP just wasn't very good despite people's best efforts. It's a really hard business. And we're not going to bet this company's future or the value of our intellectual property based on someone else's execution in another area of the entertainment business. So we'll continue to be very selective indeed. Even if we did take a broad-based approach -- in the absence of investing ourselves, the economic opportunity in the context of the much greater economic opportunity for our core business is limited.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the first question, by phased approach, I was referring to delivering somewhat smaller chunks of really high-quality content as opposed to waiting for a longer period of time to deliver something that's much larger. And both approaches can work and of late, the phased approach has been working really well. However, there's not one right approach. It varies with what the team has in mind creatively at any given time.
Strauss Zelnick: I think it will be about the same. It's always hard to know. It's a very competitive business at any given time. But ultimately, we're really competing with ourselves because if there's a lot in the market that consumers want, generally speaking, they'll go consume it. And if there's nothing that they want, it's not like they consume the next best. They just stay away. So we have to deliver the highest quality properties. And if we do that, they'll show up in good times and in bad. I mean you're seeing that even in a mixed economy. The best titles still full big audiences.
Strauss Zelnick: I just want to take a minute to thank our teams again for delivering a superb quarter, and we're really thrilled with the way this year is unfolding. Our titles continue to be a phenomenal quality. We're really excited about our upcoming releases. And obviously, very excited about the future beyond this fiscal year. And we also want to thank all of you for attending the call for your great questions. And naturally, we're grateful to our shareholders for their continued support. So thanks so much, and have a great evening.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So for question two, there has been some movements within the back part of the year within the slate, but we’re still able to achieve the same guidance for the year, so reiterating our guidance. So just some small changes within the slate, but it has nothing to do with the impairment charge. So the year is still the same.
Lainie Goldstein: So on NBA 2K 24, we expect to be up from 2K23 -- but 2K23 versus 2K22, there is some less promotional timing in this quarter versus what we did with 22 last year. So that's why we expect the title to be a little bit down versus last year.
Lainie Goldstein: So for the bookings for Zynga for mobile, there are some game shifts within the year. So there was some reforecasting of some of the existing games, and that's what has changed within mobile.
Lainie Goldstein: So we just mentioned that Zynga has changed a little bit because there was movement in the release schedule and some updates to the forecast. So we did have some changes in the rest of the year. So there were some changes in the release schedule. So there were some ups and downs within the year. But overall, we've kept the entire year the same. So we were at the higher end in the first quarter, but we kept -- we reiterated the full year -- and then in terms of expecting advertising to grow, yes, we do expect it to grow in the full year.
Lainie Goldstein: So the update for Rockstar is based on the momentum in their current business. So there's some GTA 5 unit sales, some the Red Dead updates and some virtual currency with the GT Online updating. So it's just overall reforecasting of the business.
