Strauss Zelnick: Mike, it's Strauss. I think the purpose of the delay for Red Dead Redemption 2 is to make sure that we deliver the most extraordinary experience we're capable of providing. We haven't gone into particular issues. We are building a new game from the ground up for the first time for new generation consoles, and the pressure that we put on ourselves to deliver excellence and to delight consumers is extraordinary. And we want to make sure that the appropriate time is taken to do the very best job we can, and I think that's what consumers expect of Rockstar Games, and that's what Rockstar Games typically delivers. So we support emphatically the label's decision, and we're utterly confident that it'll prove that in time to be wise, first and foremost, creatively and artistically and economically as well. And to your second question, Lainie will take that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, Tim, I appreciate it. The -- it's not really my nature or our nature to claim victory before it occurs, more a nature to do the very best we can to delight consumers and then report the results. To say that we're highly confident about Red Dead Redemption 2 is an extraordinary understatement, but I'm not sure that really matters. In the fullness of time, the title will be released and consumers get to vote. There is no doubt that the engagement with the materials that we released was extraordinary, the screenshots are beautiful, the buzz is palpable and growing. But beyond that, Rockstar Games will talk about how the title is progressing and how consumers are responding in the fullness of time. So it does fall into the category of how high is up. It is a highly anticipated title, that's an understatement. But it's our style to say, look, we do the very best we can and the results will speak for themselves. 
Strauss Zelnick: Drew, it's Strauss. On GTA Online, we have said that plenty more content is coming. More announcements will be made by Rockstar Games. The title is absolutely being supported by the label. Consumers love it. It remains an enormous focus of everyone's attention. We remain very excited about it even though our financial results are expected to moderate. In terms of Red Dead Redemption 2 coming, that's unrelated to the GTA Online, as I've said many times before, all entertainment from all enterprises competes with everyone and competes with no one. Entertainment stands on its own. No one ever needs another entertainment property. When there's nothing in the marketplace that excites us, we stay home. When there's plenty in the marketplace that excites us, we buy as much as we can afford. So I don't believe there's any connection between Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Redemption 2. And certainly, here, at our enterprise, we're full steam ahead, supporting all of our successful properties and always trying to make more as we go along. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric, and really appreciate the [indiscernible]. On full-game downloads, digital distribution is responsible for roughly 25% of our console sales and about 90% of our PC sales. For frontline for catalog, it's obviously greater. We expect that in our numbers to be roughly the same going forward. Strategically, however, over time, we think digital distribution grows as a percentage of total revenue. For fiscal '19, we're not commenting on EPS. I think we've given a good deal of visibility already. 
Strauss Zelnick: The decision to move the release of Red Dead Redemption 2 will have no impact on any of Rockstar Games' other activities. With regard to our eSports venture, about which we're -- we just couldn't be more excited, actually just met yesterday with Brandan and with the Commissioner in for our standard catch-up meetings, and we're just thrilled with the progress that the venture is making. And there'll be more said about that in the future. However, we're not including that progress in our outlook. And that's not because we're not optimistic. We are. It's just too early to size it. We know that if we get this right, there's an amazing opportunity for the fans, and therefore, an amazing economic opportunity. That's always how we look at the world. However, we have not included it in our outlook. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's so tempting to share my views. But it sort of falls in the category of -- I'm an optimist. Couple of the folks sitting on the table with me here are pessimists. But it doesn't matter, and we've proven in the 10 years that we managed this business that our opinions are irrelevant. We show up every day, as do 3,400 of our colleagues. We work super hard to be the most creative, efficient and innovative organization in the entertainment business. Sometimes, we get it wrong, and we take responsibility. More often than not, we get it right, and we see the results. That's what we're trying to do here. I'm really confident that we will get it right. And if we do, I think the economic results for both the venture and for our game related to the venture will be nothing short of astonishing. But that's just what I think. And frankly, I wouldn't put a whole lot of stock in that. We're moving in that direction, and certainly, our goal, and it's our collective goal. And look, we're the first professional sport to launch a competitive gaming league. And the excitement among the fans, among the teams at the NBA and here at 2K and Take-Two is palpable. It's our job now to hunker down and turn that into reality, and the money will follow. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we don't break out international or domestic sales for NBA. However, international growth has been a big benefit for us. We are focused on it. We focus more on localization. We have local commentators. As the sport grows overseas, so does our game. And there's an anonymous amount of ongoing opportunity. In terms of recurrent consumer spending, yes, we have said that as we look at future releases, all of them are built with an eye towards ongoing engagement. So this business used to be a business where we did our best to create this extraordinary experience, the experience was finished, we launched it into the market, the consumer voted, we went on to the next, and we had a catalog. And because the technology was constantly changing to encapsulate the limited value. All of that has now changed in reverse order. Catalog now has much more value. We have the highest-selling catalog per SKU, frankly, because we have the highest Metacritic scores, and our quality holds up over time. People want to play our games many, many years after the release. And equally, we now can look at a hit game and say, when you have a hit title, people want to stay engaged. So we have to plan ahead and say, are we going to have meaningful ongoing opportunities to engage. Each game is different. So  we -- each game looks at those meaningful opportunities through a different lens. It could be the lens of a multiplayer version online. It would have, for example, virtual currency sales. It could be a free-to-play title launched by Social Point, which has in-game purchases. It could be NBA 2K online in China, which in-game purchases. It could be WWE SuperCard, which has in-game purchases. It could be downloadable add-on content, for which one pays. It could be free add-on content. Anything that delights consumers and keeps them engaged with our titles and our brands is good for them, and therefore, good for us. And we find that the monetization follows. We're definitely getting better at the data surrounding this. We're getting better at translating engagement into monetization. But at the risk of being repetitive at this company, first and foremost, we focus on the consumer, and the monetization follows. 
Strauss Zelnick: We stated a strategy not to annualize any titles apart from sports entertainment titles 10 years ago, and the market has moved in our direction, has become more complex to deliver big titles and more difficult and more time-consuming to create A-plus quality, which is what the market demands. Our cadence isn't expected to change. And in certain instances, we hope that the time in between releases will actually decrease. I don't expect that the time length between releases will increase. 
Strauss Zelnick: We've said that there will be an online component, and we'll leave the rest of that discussion to Rockstar Games. 
Strauss Zelnick: We do have our own platform. We -- consumers can buy directly from our store and that's -- it's a small part of our business. In general, it's our view that consumers want to go to a place where they can buy a multiplicity of titles, and the notion of only being able to buy one company's title isn't really the way entertainment is typically consumed. We're quite happy to share with our distribution partners. It's the nature of the entertainment business. And our strategy as opposed to trying to grab all the margin and distribute directly is try to be a really great and trusted partner of an every possible storefront on earth. We've always taken the view that we want to be wherever the consumer is. And the economics of our physical business include sharing. The economics of our digital business include sharing. We'd love, of course, to increase the percentage that we keep. Who wouldn't. But the most important thing, economically speaking, are the dollars that we generate. And we believe that the widest possible distribution is the way to do that. So we know a couple of our competitors have tried really hard to focus entirely on direct distribution. Certainly, the -- there are elements of the free-to-play mobile business that can look a lot like that, but their sharing -- there's always someone you have to share with there. So again, we focus less on what percent we have to share in order to get distribution and more on the dollars that we generate and the availability and ubiquity of our products. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms, Ben, of Rockstar's capacity, yes, Rockstar and 2K, both have the capacity to work on a multiplicity of projects. There's attention, of course, in that as we've shown an ability and a willingness to hire plenty of creative talent, the growth in our headcount over the past 10 years has largely been creative headcount. There is attention in finding the best talent in the business. We've made no bones about that. It's true for our competitors who are only looking for the best and the brightest. That said, both 2K and Rockstar have the ability to work on a multiplicity of projects simultaneously. And the question for both of them is how do you direct your resources on the one hand to supporting something that's working mightily now, and on the other hand, to something that will, we hope, work mightily in the future. And that's a decision that is a challenging and complex one that one makes with limited information at every entertainment enterprise. But resources are our issue and ambition isn't our issue. Probably -- and to the extent we have a problem, it's a high-class problem. We have 11 extraordinary franchises that have each sold over 5 million units in an individual release. We have something like 55 that have sold at least 2 million in individual release. That's pretty different state of play than just a few years ago with this enterprise. We think we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. And basically, our business is exploding in every area, whether that's sports entertainment, whether that's free-to-play, whether that's mobile, whether that's GTA Online, whether that's a sale of GTA 5 itself, nearing 80 million units, and the list goes on. So the question for us is always, how do we reach a new height? And that's what we're focused on at 2K; that's what we're focused on at Rockstar; and certainly, that's what we're focused on at Social Point; and finally, at Take-Two. 
Strauss Zelnick: I guess, it is a natural question when we talked about what fiscal '18 looks like, generating about $150 million of cash flow from operations in fiscal '19 where the initial outlook sitting here today is $700 million of cash flow from operations. So it's a fair question, since we just reported $1.4 billion in cash, and we just spent $0.25 billion on an acquisition a few months ago. I would observe these are high-class problems. We said over time that there are 3 areas in which to deploy capital. The first is to support organic growth. This company story has largely been an organic growth story. And we now have the ability to take measured risk when we believe there's a great opportunity for return. And that's has really worked out very well for us. Second, we've said we are now in a position, seriously, to consider accretive inorganic opportunities, and we're acting accordingly with the acquisition of Social Point. And I think, our view is many more opportunities will present themselves. What's our lens? We're highly disciplined strategically, we're highly disciplined economically, we've said we would do deals when they're accretive. Social Point is immediately accretive to the cash flow from operations, and soon, will be accretive to actually revenues and earnings. And we look through that lens. We're not interested in pie in the sky. We're not interested in talking about strategy and overpaying for something. We're certainly not interested in buying a money-losing enterprise. Finally, we've shown a willingness to return capital to our shareholders. We'll do buybacks when we can execute them at deep value in our view and in any scholarly view of merit. That's the only time it ever makes sense for an organization to do a buyback. We've done 2, both at deep value and with hindsight. Of course, we didn't have hindsight when we made the decision. And we will contemplate other forms of returning cash to the shareholders. Right now, we still have a convertible bond that we have to take care of. That will clean up our balance sheet and leave us entirely debt-free. And so these are issues that we will continue to contemplate going forward. But that's how we look at the world. Specifically, just for transparency, hard for me to believe that a onetime dividend will make sense. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. For a title like this, I don't think the launch window really matters. And obviously, Red Dead Redemption went out in May and was an extraordinarily successful title. Consumers are consuming entertainment year round. Now they don't stop in the summer months. And we believe that if you give people an extraordinary experience, they will show up for it. 
Strauss Zelnick: We just want to thank everyone for joining us today. Obviously, we've a lot going on here. Really pleased to report the results that are meaningfully ahead of our initial expectations. We're looking forward to a fiscal year that, despite a rather light frontline release schedule, looks incredibly sound economically. And naturally, we're all super excited about our upcoming release schedule and what that will bring in fiscal '19 and in the years beyond. Thank you so much for joining us today. 
Lainie Goldstein: Our guidance assumes that GTA Online will moderate in a [ nonfiscal ] year 2018. It did grow significantly in 2017, and we continue to support it. But since it's unlike anything else that we've ever had and we have very little visibility into how long it will continue this trend of growth, we've included it as moderating in this year's guidance. 
Lainie Goldstein: And we are including marketing for Red Dead Redemption 2 in our fiscal year 2018 guidance. Since it's a spring release, we will certainly see some marketing for the title during the fiscal year. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for -- on the change in deferred revenue for '19, we haven't given out any additional details on '19 other than what we expect in terms of net sales and the cash from operations. And so our tax rate for '18, we're using 22% for our management reportings. And for '19, again, we're not giving any additional information than what we've given already. 
