Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. Today, I'll review our lineup of upcoming releases. Next Tuesday, 2K Games will release The Darkness II. Based on the supernatural comic book series, gamers will experience fast and intuitive combat throughout the game's stunning world. Two weeks ago, 2K launched a demo for The Darkness II, which has been well received by the media and consumers. On March 6, 2K Sports and 2K Play will usher in a start of the 2012 baseball season with the releases of Major League Baseball 2K12 and Nicktoons MLB for Nintendo 3DS. Major League Baseball 2K12 features Cy Young award-winning pitcher, Justin Verlander, of the Detroit Tigers. This title will once again be supported by the $1 million dollar Perfect Game Challenge, which will deliver even more excitement and intensity by staging a live 8-person final tournament that will determine our new $1 million champion. Nicktoons MLB for Nintendo 3DS takes a more lighthearted approach to America's favorite pastime by pitting an All-Star roster of Nicktoons characters against players from all 30 Major League teams. This title will be 2K Play's second offering for 3DS and will provide hours of 3D baseball action on the go. Beyond fiscal 2012, we have the most robust lineup of titles in Take-Two's history. On May 15, Rockstar plans to launch Max Payne 3, one of this year's most anticipated new releases. Bringing powerful storytelling back to the action shooter genre, Max Payne 3 will deliver an intense gaming experience. And a first for the series, the title's multiplayer offering brings the game's signature dark, cinematic feel and fluid gunplay into the realm of online multiplayer. Playing on themes of paranoia, betrayal and heroism, Max Payne 3 features a wide range of new and traditional multiplayer modes, all delivered with the same epic visual style of the single-player game. During the first half of fiscal 2013, 2K Games will launch Spec Ops: The Line, a fresh take on the military shooter, combining up close and personal combat with a thought-provoking story. Players assume the role of a U.S. Delta Force operative, leading a search and rescue mission set against the backdrop of a sandstorm-ravaged Dubai. Spec Ops: The Line is 2K's exciting foray into the modern military genre, with compelling action that moves players beyond the simplistic conflict of good versus bad. In addition to the single-player campaign, the title features an expansive, squad-based multiplayer experience. Irrational Games' BioShock Infinite continues to set the stage for the most thrilling offering yet from this hit franchise, which has sold in over 9 million units. Slated for release during calendar 2012, the title will include a number of innovative features, including the recently announced 1999 Mode, which will allow players to choose a more challenging experience with permanent consequences from their gameplay decisions. Set in an immense city in the sky, BioShock Infinite promises to take gamers to a new level of action and realism. 2K Games is now slated to offer 2 separate XCOM releases with unique creative visions. Firaxis Games, the team behind the iconic Sid Meier's Civilization franchise, is now hard at work on XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Arriving this fall, this action strategy game will allow players to control the operations of a secret paramilitary organization and lead tactical combat missions against a dangerous alien threat. In addition, 2K Marin is continuing to develop their shooter version of XCOM, which combines visceral gunplay with powerful sci-fi abilities as players face a vicious enemy from another world. Also coming from 2K Games in fiscal 2013 is Borderlands 2, the next installment in the critically acclaimed franchise that has sold in over 5 million units worldwide. Developed by Gearbox Software, this "shooter-looter" will be an experience of epic scale, featuring a story and characters that are larger than life and a world that's as beautiful as it is deadly. Through its action-packed single player and cooperative multiplayer experiences, Borderlands 2 will continue to define the role-playing shooter genre. And finally, Grand Theft Auto V is making great progress and promises to continue Rockstar's incredible track record of delighting fans by raising the bar in interactive entertainment. We look forward to updating you further on these and many other projects going forward. Thanks, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Lainie. 
Karl Slatoff: Well, I mean, I think all of the -- this is Karl, Ben. All of the markets in Asia are potentially interesting to us. Some are more developed than others. Some are more developed in packaged goods than others. I think in terms of both the Southeast Asian markets, we do have a robust packaged good business which is growing. But that's obviously where we focus the bulk of our online activities. Japan is also very interesting. That's from an online prospective. But that's really more of a mobile market. So it really does depend from a market-by-market basis. And then it remains to be seen whether some of the other markets like India can evolve and present an opportunity for us. I happen to believe that they can. But again, time will tell, and I think that those markets, they do evolve a bit more. 
Karl Slatoff: Daniel, it's Karl. In terms of iOS, your question was really can we do a AAA product from the ground up on iOS? And I think it really depends on what your definition of AAA is. There is still a limitation to the technical capabilities and processing power on the IOS. So can you put out an experience that is equivalent to something you would put on one of the more advanced consoles or PC? The answer is no, you can't do that yet. Will there be a day when that happens? Obviously. And then it's just a question of is there a convergence between the iOS operating system and the other ones as they evolve? And honestly, I can't answer that question. But time will tell. But obviously, we can't do something as in depth as one of our big AAA games on the iOS system today from the ground up. That being said, we had and we are pursuing things. Development from the ground up. We're not just interested in iOS and Android as a port outlet for us. We are endeavoring to build things from the ground up on iOS and the Android systems that actually do present more robust experiences. And we're not the only ones. There's others that are going after that as well. In terms of MLB, look. I mean, we've had -- I think we have a great baseball game. We have a great engine. Obviously, we have assets there. Whether there's a deal to be done, that remains to be seen. 
Karl Slatoff: Hey, it's Karl. In terms of the Vita, we have not announced any specific support for Vita, although Ken Levine did actually speak of the Vita when the -- and the concept of BioShock at one point, but we have not actually announced anything specific and related to that. That being said, we've had a long history with Sony and their handheld devices and have done very well together over the past. So we are looking forward to the Vita coming out in the Western markets. And it's obvious that it's something that we're giving great consideration to on a go-forward basis. In terms of -- I think your second part of that question was something about competing with how the Vita hold up versus other handheld opportunities and specifically iOS? I mean, look, just by the fact that Vita is a mobile device and a lot of the -- all of the iOS devices are mobile devices as well. By definition, they could be construed as competitive. I think that they are different platforms and there's different technical capabilities between the 2 platforms. But are they competitive? Well, to the extent that you're only going to have one mobile device which, by the way, all of us don't. We all have multiple mobile devices, then they will be directly competitive. But again, that will shake out in the market. And can you just repeat your second question? It was something, it was about... 
Karl Slatoff: I can't really go through a great amount detail about it but I'll give you philosophically how we look at this. In terms of amongst different consoles, et cetera, we look at what -- what platforms in general that are relevant. And we develop for those platforms. And then it behooves us to be -- to have our content to the extent that, that platform can handle our content and the experience we want to deliver to be on all the platforms that are relevant to the consumer. So all of the console platforms are relevant. Obviously we've developed across-the-board in that context. And in terms of digital versus physical, we actually don't really look at our development budgets in that way at all. Because in a lot of ways, look, it's all zeros and ones. It's the same content, and whether it's delivered digitally or physically, it's the same stuff. So whether the digital opportunity is really more a function of how it's delivered ultimately and not necessarily something that we're looking at separately in the development context. Now online games, which is a separate component of the "digital business", that is a separate consideration. And we look, as Strauss said before, we're very aggressive in our online strategy, and we've got 3 projects that we've announced going on in Asia at this point, and each of them has their own separate development budget that we manage internally. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl, Mike. Well, look, in terms of DLC, obviously, right now most of our DLC distribution is done on a sort of one-off basis in terms of, you pay a price and you own -- then you own the DLC. There are whole host of other business models that you can consider in the context of electronically distributed content. And those are in the form of some potential subscriptions. We have lots of variations on those. There's also microtransactions. It's free to play with microtransactions. There's also lower priced models plus microtransactions. The iterations are almost endless. And at the end of the day, we look at these -- those type of -- that type of evolutions as an opportunity to really be able the maximize our relationship, and ultimately our financial relationships with the consumer to give them content the way they want their content, where they want the content, give it to them, and the way they want to buy the content, so that they can engage more fully. In a dynamic world, where the more you get paid, the more deeper consumers engage with their content, I can tell you that we feel we are very well-positioned because in our products, consumers do engage deeply and we offer a lot of value in our products. And in a world where everything doesn't cost $59, and it really -- there's -- I don't want to say price discrimination, but there's potential price differences depending on how much content you actually and value deliver to the consumer, we will fare very well. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the margins going forward without the MLB business, we expect it to definitely come up. And we are happy that the agreement is over, so we'll be able to achieve higher margins. In terms of specific numbers, it would be based on what titles come out and what period. So it's very difficult to give an exact number that we would go after. But we certainly are shooting for a higher margin going forward. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of your fourth quarter question about the range of the guidance, we still have 2 new releases that haven't shipped yet for the quarter: Darkness II and Major League Baseball. So that performance could vary. So that's why we left the range on the larger scale. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q4, when we gave out the information on Max Payne, that was the information that we knew at the time on that title. So we didn't update the full guidance. We said that we would do that on this call. So the updated numbers, there is a couple variety of other factors that are affecting the Q4 numbers. We had some adjustments to our fourth quarter sales forecast based on some current trends and the near-term sales outlook that we were seeing. We also have a more challenging retail environment in Europe as part of that. We have higher expected software development cost amortization in the period, and we have the coupon interest expense on our new convertible notes, as well as a lower share count due to the expected loss position we now have in Q4. 
Lainie Goldstein: Mike, when we gave that information out, we said we'd be above $2. And so clearly, it was like 9 months ago I think at this point. So things definitely move around, but we still maintain that we'll be over $2 in that period. 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, on the retail in Europe, we're not going to really comment specifically on who it is or what the issues are there. Overall, I think that the business in Europe for us is pretty strong, and we certainly are going to be affected if one or more of our retailers are having issues over in Europe. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And in terms of digitally-delivered content, it remains an enormous focus of the company, both in terms of supporting frontline releases and maintaining the life and building the life of a franchise and equally, catalog distribution. And this becomes -- this is a bigger and bigger area of focus for our company. We recently released Grand Theft Auto III: 10th Anniversary Edition for iOS and Android. And we continue to roll out iterations of our franchises for any number of platforms with an eye towards bringing our intellectual property to consumers wherever they are, whenever they want it and through whatever channel interests them. The effect of that is our digitally-delivered business has been somewhere between 9% and 25% of our revenue quarter-to-quarter, depending on what our frontline looks like. What that really tells you though is package goods still is the lion's share of our business. Retail is an important partner, but we're ecumenical. We want to give consumers what they want, where they want it. We've already disclosed that the margin difference is not that significant between digitally-delivered goods and packaged goods. So we're, in a way, indifferent. The goal here is to meet consumers' needs and delight them and find them where they are. 
Strauss Zelnick: There obviously are plenty of metrics, and what's good about -- what's interesting about that business is you can actually measure it on an ongoing basis. And of course, your consumers guide you after you launch and, in many instances, before you launch. We're not sharing those metrics publicly. Obviously, we're watching them closely, and we feel pretty good about how it's going. We've also been updating the market and our shareholders every quarter on our progress, and it remains very sound and very encouraging. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we gave that figure some time ago in an effort to be transparent about the robust year we had ahead of ourselves. We have some titles that remain unannounced for the year, very robust lineup. But we don't intend to adjust that figure regularly on a prospective basis. We'll guide as we normally do at this point. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, obviously, your margins interact with your selling price, as well as your cost profile. And in the case of your physical goods, you have your cost of goods sold and what you can -- you're obviously familiar what that is. With regard to digital goods, you're right. You don't have certain physical costs, but you do have marketing partners with whom you share. And you may have a different frontline price point. So the effect is that percentages may bump around, but the dollar margins per unit are pretty similar. 
Strauss Zelnick: That's a good question. I mean, if you believe that everything is going to be connected and that processing power continues to go, if you believe the Moore's law as I do -- I mean, people who don't have been disabused of the notion -- then a TV that delivers the kind of quality experience Apple has delivered to other product lines could be a very interesting added benefit for gamers at home. But until I see the product and what it's meant to do, it's very hard to opine. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, it's a great question, Mike. As you're aware, when these platform transitions occur, the strong becomes stronger and the weak go away, because they -- what happens of course is your software acquisition curve declines as the new platforms are announced and the old platforms are coming to the end of their growth period. Of course they don't go away. We still sell products that were launched a long time ago, and we still sell physical goods for those products. But you do see a decline in the tie ratio as the new platforms are announced. And as they come out, platforms obviously have low installed bases in the beginning, for obviously. So we have to be very thoughtful about how we manage our portfolio. And we and our competitors all are thinking about it. It's a little premature because it's early days yet, but it is something that we're being very thoughtful about. And I will say this: from a financial position, the company has never been in better shape to invest. From an intellectual-property position, the company's never had more franchises or more important franchises than we have now. So between the 2, then add the most important thing which is we believe we have the very best development talent in the business, bar none, and it's largely internal talent, which is to say that we have the ability to talk to our colleagues and all get on the same page about what we want to develop. And then we have the ability to go do it. No one needs to ask anyone's permission. We don't need to find external resources to pursue that. And we have a habit of making the highest-quality products in the business. So we think we're as well positioned as anyone could be. You are right, however, that these transitions create challenges and opportunities. 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't really give out that level of detail, and it's -- but I will say it's still a work in progress. And obviously, one of the concerns that an AAA developer has and publisher has is the price point of those platforms. And that is a concern, I think. We do deliver these AAA experiences, and consumers are accustomed to an exceedingly low price point. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a good question. I mean, the thing about cannibalization in entertainment is remember, unlike, say, the toothpaste business, in the entertainment business, you never need entertainment. So when people ask about competitors, in a way, we compete with all forms of entertainment. In a way, we don't compete at all. Because when you give consumers something that they really, really want, they come out for it. That said, we found out post the worldwide financial crisis in '08, the consumers we're more selective with their dollars and that put a finer point on our need and desire to put out only the highest-quality products. So in a way, even if we have a title release schedule, we don't really compete because it's not as though our franchises look alike or sound alike or play alike. All that said, there is a matter of focus. We have a limited number of individuals around here, and we do want to make sure that when we're spending a lot of money to make a AAA product and a lot of money to market it, that the entire organization can focus. So we try to schedule accordingly. And we try to be mindful of what our competitors are doing as well. And I think our competitors have found it wise to be mindful of what we're doing. So the answer is yes, it's a high-class problem, but we do have to be somewhat careful not to step on releases. And I think we are. I think one of the ways we've done it is we were kind of a market leader in saying actually, there is another season besides the Christmas holiday season that we can be really successful throughout the rest of the year, with a possible exception of July. And we tend to focus on a worldwide release schedule that covers virtually every month of the year. So to answer your question, I think we do have sufficient room in the calendar to be effective without stepping on our products. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we're not probably going to break down the information much further especially because it's early days yet. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, I don't see it that way. I mean, I think that Apple has a great advantage because they brought out this terrific tablet and it's done incredibly well. But I think there are plenty of Android opportunities as well. And there's plenty to go around in any case. There's billions of people with mobile platforms and I believe that tablets will be ubiquitous. And that's why we are in the market and why we need to be there. But we don't need to -- we have plenty of choices that we actually have to really debate and focus on because we have to make them. But this isn't a choice we have to make. We can do both. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, they're going to change because tablets, as Karl just referenced, if you believe in Moore's Law, we're pretty early with tablets. Eventually you have the believe the processing power of tablets is going to grow substantially. And in any case, the screen size is bigger. So even if the processing power of a smartphone is equal that of a PC, you're still burdened by a screen size issue. So in terms of the kind of experiences we love to focus on which is a very robust experience, I think the tablet's going to be a more interesting platform for us. However, people have proven that you can do really well with games on a small platform as well. As I said we do have to consider price points because we developed these very high-quality products and so we are not unmindful of the need to charge an appropriate price for those products. 
Strauss Zelnick: It remains to be seen, but I wouldn't actually agree with that. I think tablets are going to be ubiquitous. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, the good news about our cash balance is that it allows us to consider opportunities that perhaps we couldn't have considered in the past. And we are in growth mode around here. And so we're investing behind our development teams. We're investing in our marketing teams. And we're investing in our franchises. And we're investing in the footprint of our distribution which is reflected in the percentage of our revenues that comes from outside the United States which has grown materially since 2007. We like to be in a position of being able to consider opportunities that come up, and one of the reasons we're able to is, frankly, the cost of capital is much lower today than it was years ago for this sort of capital. So while it is a drag on our per share results, it's not anywhere near as much of as drag as it might have been just a couple of years ago. All that said, what we've done so far from an M&A point of view is we've been exceedingly disciplined, we're focused on value and when we have done an acquisition, we've acquired intellectual property as well as a team and -- that we felt both would advantage ourselves in our core business. And I don't think you will see that thinking change. So what we're not going to do is roll the dice on behalf of our shareholders and take a flyer and see what happens and then announce a write-off if it goes against us. I think you can assume that we take being fiduciaries of capital exceedingly seriously, and if we do make an acquisition, large or small, it will be consistent with the strategy we've outlined, it will be heavily focused on being accretive as quickly as possible, and it will be value-oriented. 
Strauss Zelnick: As Karl said, everything we do is digital. Now we're just starting to learn about how you get it to consumers. We're just -- we're indifferent. We want to be expert in getting our products to consumers wherever they are, however they want it, whatever channel they want, and frankly, we want to be flexible at how they pay for it as well. And in order to do that, you need to avail yourselves of all different forms of digital as well as packaged goods distribution. But there's nothing, technically, that prevents us from distributing a AAA console title digitally. Right? We do so. So I can't imagine making a deal that would somehow make a decision among the camps because this isn't a fight. The answer is all of the above. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks so much for joining us. We're gratified with the quarter's results. We're very excited about our upcoming releases and we very much appreciate your support. 
