Karl Slatoff: It's Karl, Mario. I wouldn't necessarily want to attribute any specific features to the increase. I don't want to tag it, but there have been certainly a lot of additions to the game that we believe have increased engagement. Specifically, just generally speaking, the game is fantastic. I mean, the reviews have been great. User feedback has been great. Engagement has been really, really strong. One thing to note is that we did add the seasons feature to MyPLAYER this year, which obviously creates a lot more content drops and a lot more for folks to do. Every time you increase content and deliver content, that obviously leads to increased engagement and tends to lead to increased monetization. So it's really a combination of the game just being better. We had a lot of wind in our backs, too, from an increased player base, generally speaking. And it's just been, it's the great execution and people are really enjoying the incremental content. 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, it's Karl. Just to answer your first question about mobile. We are obviously very excited about The Trilogy coming to mobile devices. It's actually not the first time we've had our franchises doing this. We've done this since the very beginning of our mobile days, both on the Rockstar and the 2K side. And we have a long history of bringing our franchises to the mobile space. We've done that in various different ways. Obviously, we've brought older games onto mobile platforms. We've done companion apps, and we've brought modified games or different iterations of franchises like WWE SuperCard or NBA SuperCard. So we are no stranger to bringing our core franchises to the mobile space. We definitely think that there's an opportunity for us to do more. Nothing to announce on the call. But look, obviously, we've invested significantly in this space, both through acquisition and also organically, and we don't expect that to stop anytime soon. 
Karl Slatoff: Sure. This is Karl, Martin. I'll answer the question. I'll answer the second one. They're actually related because the truth is remastering games, unless you really go truly out to third parties, which we've done in the past, but even in that case, you are actually competing with other resources. And therefore, that goes into your decision-making on which ones you bring to market, and it purely is an economic decision. An economic decision based on what we believe the fan base to be. How much is it going to cost for the game to be remastered? Are we going to make other changes to the game to enhance the experience? Because typically just pure remasters without -- just ports don't really perform as well as something that's truly remastered or truly enhanced. So all of those factors go into those decisions. But in the end, it is an economic decision. And it is a resource allocation decision, and that's just math that we do. 
Strauss Zelnick: We're really excited about all of our partnerships. So we have numerous partnerships. We've always said that we want to be where the consumer is. And when VR first emerged as a potential technology, while I expressed some skepticism about it becoming a very broad-based consumer application, I also thought it was really exciting technically and said that we would participate. Rockstar has already brought L.A. Noire to VR. NBA 2K has come to VR. I'm sure we'll have more VR titles in the future as well. So we're always excited when our creative teams can flex their collective muscles and do different things and remains to be seen just how big that can be. We never make projections like that, but we're very excited about the opportunity. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of China, I was making the point about the percent of our net bookings that come from China. And it's quite small, roughly 3% at the moment. We expect our net bookings to grow. We expect sequential growth. We're really excited about our future. And at the same time, we're very focused on the region and particularly on the country in the context of what we're able to do and being compliant with regulations. So we remain highly optimistic about China. We absolutely would be very happy to launch additional and new titles there. We expect to do so. In fact, we remain optimistic. I'm simply making the point that it is a small part of our business. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Look, we're so grateful that we continue to attract the industry's top talent. In fact, we've hired over 1,500 developers over the last 2 years, and we've more than doubled our internal developer count in the last 5 years. And I don't want to overstate the case and so much always has to be done on a daily basis regarding culture. But I do think that, that's a reflection of who we are. And I think ultimately, everyone knows who you are, people inside and people outside. And we're really proud of the culture that we've built. A culture that starts with creativity, innovation and efficiency, but very importantly, includes accepting everyone as they are, as they show up, as long as they are equally focused on a very high ambition for excellence and hard work, a willingness to be honest and open and transparent and collaborative, and the agreement that we have with one another that we'll treat everyone with decency and kindness. And I think at this point, we're known for that. And we're imperfect and there's much more that we can do at any given time. We are highly focused on this culture and it has served us very well. 
Strauss Zelnick: We are so thrilled to have Nordeus in the Take-Two family. And they're just crushing it, which is great. Top Eleven is a great title, a beloved title. And I just couldn't be happier to be in the soccer manager business through Top Eleven with the Nordeus team. That's a big step forward for us. We haven't been in that sport before. And I think I'll leave it at that today. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. That was an incredibly short call for us. So you all must have better things to do for the rest of the day. We wish you very well. We're obviously really pleased with the results. And what that leads me to say is, how grateful everyone here is to our teams who deliver these results, who work hard every day to make the phenomenal entertainment that drives the success of the company on an ongoing basis. It's incredibly hard. We don't take it for granted. We never take success for granted. And so thank you to all of our colleagues who are listening today and the ones who aren't listening because they're hard at work. Thank you also to our shareholders for your ongoing support. 
