Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, we don't disclose the breakout. We do talk about the fact that digitally delivered revenue in the quarter was 27% of our net revenues. So it's quite meaningful. But the reason that it's not something we cover is it's really not relevant. Our view is that we should make our products available to consumers wherever they are, however they want to receive it, without regard to platforms. And whether something's delivered on a disc or ephemerally, is really a detail and should be a detail for us. We want to be where the consumers are.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks. We haven't talked specifically about development expense. You're right that, historically, as new platforms enable new work are launched, development expenses have indeed gone up. We're fortunate that we were also able to take our top-quality titles and deliver strong revenues from those titles and, therefore, deliver profitability. So one of our -- 1 of the 3 tenets of our strategic approach here is efficiency, and we aim to be the most efficient company in the business. And that includes development spending. So it's a major area of focus for us. Our goal is to deliver the highest quality titles and sort of market them as effectively, if not more effectively, than anyone else. Which leads me to answer your question on marketing Grand Theft Auto and other titles. And look, I'm really proud of our worldwide marketing and sales operation. I think over and over again, we've proven that, that's a major strategic asset. There are only fewer than a handful of companies that are in the industry who have it. Every time we release a major title, we have to innovate because, basically, when we market something in an innovative way, the industry takes notice. And frankly, when our competitors do, we take notice. So we have some tricks up our sleeve going forward. I'm not going to discuss them today. You'll see them as they unfold. But marketing is obviously a crucial part of what makes us as successful as we have been and intend to continue to be.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, I think, Daniel. For our AAA releases of late, we've offered downloadable content for all of those releases. So clearly, trying to keep customers engaged, trying to keep the games in their hands and most, importantly, trying to delight our customers remains our primary focus. And the reason we've done, as well as we have is that despite the ups and downs in the marketplace, our scores remain high, and we keep giving customers what they want. So whether that means downloadable content, whether that means companion apps on other devices, whether that means in-game goods, whether that means free-to-play opportunities, we're ecumenical. We want to be where the customer is and on whatever device he or she uses, wherever he or she is all over the world. That's our stated strategy, and we intend to keep on doing it. So we haven't made any specific announcements with regard to downloadable content for future releases. But historically, we have been there. In terms of development expense, we do not break it out among platforms. As you would imagine, our big console tentpole releases are very costly compared to some of our other releases, but we have not broken out those line items.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We haven't talked about how they're going to perform going forward. But putting out one massive tentpole title a year takes an enormous amount of effort. And it's worked very well with Rockstar so far.
Strauss H. Zelnick: The government doesn't take kindly to me talking about pricing. So we tend not to talk about our pricing. We do offer premium product.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We're really excited about being in business with WWE. I was just at their Massive event and it was extraordinary. I think there were 90,000 fans in the arena, and it was raining. And it's an amazing franchise that pleases the whole family, and we're delighted to be in business with WWE. We're working as closely as possible with the development team and with the WWE folks in Stamford. And we are -- our aim is to put out an A-plus product and give an A-plus marketing that's utterly consistent with the franchise. We think the demographics are sound and growing, and we couldn't be more thrilled. As far as our financial expectations, I think you know that, generally speaking, we try not to enter into arrangements unless we have a good deal of confidence that they're going to be profitable.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, I mean, there are -- market by market, there obviously are trends Android versus iOS. iOS is a very powerful domestic platform, Android tends to be a more powerful international platform. But again, our strategy is to make our titles available for all of these platforms and to be ecumenical about it. When we don't have to make a bet, we don't want to make a bet. Occasionally, we do, especially with regard to consoles. But with regard to the mobile platforms, we're pretty much able to support everything that's out there. As you can imagine, our marketing expenses have to be tailored to the economic opportunity. The bulk of the economic opportunity that faces our company now is driven by our AAA console titles and the catalog related thereto. So that's where our marketing expenses go. As mobile titles grow in importance, I'm sure we'll be competitive with our marketing spend. But we are not big believers in the if-we-build-it-they-will-come strategy in business. We tend to be a little more grounded than that. And our view is we want to make sure that there is a market. And then we want to satisfy and delight the market. We do not see it as an opportunity for us to go build a market.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. And look, there's nothing straightforward about making what we hope will be the standard bearers of the industry. And there's no question that developing for what will be next-gen will be complicated and for the type of titles we do, will be costly. That said, we have a very strong balance sheet, and we align our business with our costs. And one of our 3 strategic objectives is to be the most efficient company in the business. We haven't talked specifically about the cost profile of next-gen releases, and we don't aim to do that now. But we are exceedingly mindful of costs, and we are hopeful that over time, there will be some efficiencies as we support every platform that's out there. But it's too early to say that, that will be the case.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. We're thrilled to be able to deliver such good news across the board, whether it's our last year -- last quarter's results, last year's results, our guidance for this year or our outlook for the future. We're also pleased that our strategic initiatives are coming along so effectively. We're grateful to our shareholders for their support and first and foremost, to our creative teams, our marketing teams, our distribution teams and the business teams that make it all happen. So thanks very much.
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we definitely do have BioShock reorders scheduled for the quarter and the lifetime units for that title. We definitely -- we have increased our expectations for that, but we also have no major new titles releasing during the quarter. So a lot of the revenue was from our catalog, which has lower margins. And we also have some significant marketing costs for some future releases, as well as for some already released titles in the quarter.
Lainie Goldstein: On the 65% from Rockstar, it would be for the GTA release, as well as our strong catalog. And then for E3, he asked...
Lainie Goldstein: There are some unannounced titles in fiscal '14's guidance. However, they are not very material to the overall outlook for the year.
