Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. Look, our most important asset here is our people because they create everything that we're able to bring to consumers. We're an asset-light business. We are a business of intellectual property. And our strategy, our stated strategy has always been to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business.  Diversity is key to our success. We need to have a diverse perspective and diverse voices in order to create that quality. So it starts at the top. Our Board of Directors is diverse with respect to gender, race and skill set. Our management team is exceedingly diverse from a gender perspective. And our voices as a result are diverse.  But we're not stopping there. We're also reaching into the community to create a broader, more diverse pool from which we can recruit and our competitors can recruit going forward. So we work together in company-sponsored service projects and the communities in which we operate. We encourage individual volunteerism and giving through philanthropic and matching donation programs. We support organizations that are focused on enhancing diversity. We increased the Canada pool through scholarships to design students, contributions to organizations providing STEM opportunities to children in underserved communities. And delivering interview training and career counseling to young adults. And this crosses genders. But in many instances, we're also focused on young females as well.  So we're trying to do the right thing from the top of the company at the Board level to the management team, to even creating a pool from which we can recruit a long time into the future. And even so, I'm sure there's much more that we can do. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. In terms of our expectations about any upcoming release, apart from what we've given guidance, I don't tend to give any more color than that. Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online have been out now for some 8 years, and the performance has consistently been vastly better than our expectations. I have no doubt that the enhanced edition will delight consumers. I have no doubt that it will be absolutely extraordinary. How it will perform? Hard to say. This is now the third generation in which the title has existed. I'm an optimist, and I find that you never want to bet against Rockstar Games. So I'm looking forward to the release. And Lainie will take the second question. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Matthew. We don't have any other expectations of delays. So we've got -- we've mentioned what we have as we always do. In terms of how things are trending post pandemic, if you call this post pandemic, and I hope we can, it remains to be seen, the trend is almost exactly what we anticipated and what we've talked about now for over a year, which is we expected postpandemic demand to be higher than prepandemic demand and lower than the demand during the pandemic, which stands to reason because people have, in many ways, returned to normal in most of the world. That remains to be seen. As to what will come in the future, I'm hopeful that, that will continue.  But clearly, there's been a systemic shift in favor of interactive entertainment. It's now the #1 entertainment vertical. It's something like $180 billion market. It's a diverse market in terms of gender. It's a diverse market in terms of age. So we couldn't be more optimistic about the market than we are.  And in terms of IDFA, it's still early days. It remains to be seen. We have not seen any negative impact on our business. And I think that's really because we're big enough that we have lots of access to data. We have a consolidated consumer database across all of our labels, which is very robust. And if you have enough of your own data and you have solid data analytics teams, which we have both at the corporate level and at the label level, then a great deal of the information can be found in other ways. And you can do appropriate marketing that protects consumers' privacy without the resources that we had before from Apple. So we're in a good place so far with regard to that change, but it is still early. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. Look, let's just pause at the -- inclusion, diversity and common decency is of paramount importance to everyone here and specifically highly important to me and has been for the 14 years that we've been around. This is nothing new for us. The culture of the company is well-known and well-known internally and reasonably well-known externally. All that said, we can always do better. And I think we're known to be people who always want to be doing better and never want to rest on our laurels.  We don't think that fostering an appropriate environment is a single set of actions or reflects  1 day in a new cycle. We think it's a constant process of introspection and improvement. There are always ways that we and the industry can do better. We'll listen to our colleagues, and we'll work on this area over time.  But I want to be very specific because you asked the question about what we do around here and what we've always done. The first is, and I'll say it in as black and white a way as I can, we will not tolerate harassment or discrimination or bad behavior of any kind. We never have. We set those expectations when people come on board here through our code of conduct and our anti-harassment and antidiscrimination policies, all of which our colleagues are required to review and sign when they're hired. All of our colleagues take anti-harassment training at hire and biannually after that. And we make it clear through the training and through our policy that if anyone does experience any inappropriate contact, there are multiple avenues to report that, and they'll never be retaliated against for doing so. Those options include the management chain, anyone in HR, an anonymous complaint by phone or online through our third-party hotline and website reporting tools.  Take-Two has a director of diversity and inclusion, and that [indiscernible] includes developing, executing and leading a global DE&I strategy, and that supports our business objectives. We also have multiple employee resource groups inside the company, and we have more growing all the time, which gives us all a thrill. So that's what we're up to very specifically. Again, is there more that we could do? I'm certain there is. Do we feel like we're in a pretty good place? We're grateful that we do feel that way right now.  In terms of retention, our turnover rate is roughly half of the industries. That's been true for about the past 18 months. There have been times when it's been about 70% of industry levels. It's been trending down at a time when I think, in general, turnover is trending up. So we feel good about that. And that's another measure of how we're doing, so we focus on it. 
Strauss Zelnick: We needed more time to polish them and make sure that they're the best titles they possibly can be. 
Strauss Zelnick: No, our team has been incredibly productive throughout the pandemic. And even though we have a lot of work going on at home, productivity is high. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a great market for us. We have the #1 PC online sports title in China with 54 million registered users. NBA 2K Online continues to grow in China. We also have console titles for China, and we have titles that are being approved. We have great relationships in China with Tencent and others. And so we think there's plenty of upside going forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: We haven't seen any change in the market yet, and valuations remain frothy, I think, because of the growth of the sector and enthusiasm around the sector. However, our discipline has really paid off in the past 14 years. Knock wood, we haven't made a failed acquisition. Our acquisitions are accretive, usually right away. Sometimes it could take a little bit of time. But we're happy that we've done every deal that we've done. We did miss out on a few that we wish we had done, but frankly, not all that many.  I think you raised a good point, which is over time, will it be harder for smaller companies to compete in the space? And I think that will be true. The answer will be yes with regard to both mobile and console. The resources required are significant. The risk profile is significant. And the history of the entertainment business is that over time, those that are very creative become very successful. Those that are very successful become bigger. Those that are bigger have the opportunity to acquire smaller enterprises. And as long as the focus remains on creativity, innovation and efficiency and as long as the culture that has made the company successful in the first place is maintained, there's an opportunity for continued success even with scale. And that's certainly how we see ourselves and how we envision our future. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Our views remain unchanged. We think that a subscription model can make sense for deep catalog titles, but it doesn't really make sense for frontline titles. And for any business model that makes sense in the entertainment business, it has to work for the creators of the entertainment as well as the consumers of the entertainment. And I think catalog can make sense for the publishers. It can make sense for consumers who are avid, who really want access to a lot of product.  But if you're getting into frontline product, then the economics are much more difficult to make sense of. And remember, consumers who are involved with interactive entertainment have different consumption patterns than those involved with linear entertainment. Linear entertainment consumers consume something like 150 hours of programming a month. That's probably well over 100 different titles. In the case of interactive entertainment, consumers are consuming something like 45 hours a month, and that may be 1, 2, 3, 4 titles, but it's certainly not 100 titles.  So from a consumer point of view, it's not clear that a subscription model really makes sense for the bulk of consumers. That remains to be seen. We're open-minded. We have made catalog titles available for subscription services. Very occasionally, we've made frontline titles available as well. But we do see this more as a catalog offering than a frontline offering. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's been good news. We've added players. It's been good for the main game. It's been good for Red Dead Online. I think the timing was excellent. Again, I think you can do almost anything from a marketing point of view if you're mindful of creating appropriate marketing windows. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a mix. People are back at work in China, for example, and other parts of the globe. We have some people back at work at offices in the U.S. as well. We are very mindful of what's going on. Our colleague's safety and health comes first. And thankfully, everyone's highly productive wherever they are. 
Strauss Zelnick: I'm not sure how to answer it. And so I'm going to be judicious and probably not going to answer it. I will note that we were in business many years ago with the NCAA, and we know longer are. And we're always looking for opportunities to grow our business and our sports business. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's awfully hard to measure something like that, but demand for NBA 2K has been very strong this year. We've had a great year. We've sold in over 11 million units. And certainly, ongoing demand for Grand Theft Auto V has been huge. We've sold in over 150 million units. So I'm not sure we've seen -- I'm not sure we could measure it in any case. I don't know -- we have to do tailored research and it still wouldn't tell us anything that we could do differently. But I remain of the view that the enhanced edition of Grand Theft Auto V will be highly appealing to consumers with next-gen platforms or now current-gen platforms. But that remains to be seen. 
Strauss Zelnick: We know that demand for consoles remains high. That's not in doubt. We're hopeful that supply will be enhanced by year-end, and it will be in a good place. But most importantly, the demand is there. And in terms of the pipeline, yes, we said we expected sequential growth in fiscal '23, and we expect to set new operating records in the coming years. And we still have both of those expectations. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you so much for joining us today. I want to, as always, emphatically thank all of our colleagues all around the world who delivered these great results. And it has been a challenging time to deliver the results. And our team shows up and does their best work every day, and work continues to pay off. We're so grateful. We're also grateful to our shareholders who have been so supportive over these years. And I want to wish you all a happy, healthy and safe remainder of the summer. Thanks for joining us. 
Lainie Goldstein: So Mario, it's definitely in line with what our expectations were. It's a little bit better. We saw better performance in GTA Online than we expected. We also have the addition of Nordeus, which also helped our recurrent consumer spending in the quarter. So we definitely are seeing the engagement in line with what we had expected. So there really isn't any change than what we had guided to from the beginning of the year. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for GTA Online in Q2, our expectations are for it to be up in the quarter due to the update that is just released. We didn't have an update last year. It's a difficult comp because of COVID, but since we had this update, we expect it to be up versus last year. And for Red Dead Online, since it's a difficult comp, we expect it to be slightly up, but -- due to the update, but not as up as GTA Online versus last year. 
Lainie Goldstein: So the increase on the marketing hasn't really changed. There's a little bit of timing change from Q1 into the rest of the year. And there's a little bit of shift out of the year into next year, but that's being offset by some additional costs due to the acquisition of Nordeus into the year. So there is a little bit of an increase of the overall operating expense in the year versus previous guidance. So it's a reduction of a little bit of marketing, offset by the Nordeus expense.  And in terms of the return on marketing spend, I wouldn't say there's better or worse. I would say that we're a little bit more targeted on how we're spending our marketing. So I'd say we were getting a better return because we're able to really see how we're spending the marketing in a better way with better analytics over the last few years. But the spend continues to be a strong spend in order to do the best marketing for our titles, especially also with the mobile titles as well. 
Lainie Goldstein: It wouldn't be marketed as a brand-new game. There certainly is marketing around the game, but it wouldn't be as if it's a brand-new release of a GTA property. 
Lainie Goldstein: Drew, for GTA Online, our expectations for the full year is for it to moderate. So for the full year, we expect moderation of the trends that benefited us from the industry last year due to COVID and the sheltering at home. So Q1 was down versus last year. [ We've now ] beat our expectations. And Q2 is going to be up because of the update, which is doing really well. So we do expect Q3 and Q4 right now to be down. But GTA Online always surprises us. So it's still early in the year, so we'll see what happens. But right now, we do have our expectations as it being moderating for the year. 
