Strauss Zelnick: We've released titles all over the calendar year. And the only period of time that we tend to avoid a big frontline release would be sort of the dog days of July. And so -- otherwise, our release dates are driven by when a title is ready, and when a title is ready to us is when we -- our studios believe they've optimized the quality of what we can do. And that's how we'll continue to look at it going forward. More specific information will come from our labels as always. And in terms of a buyback, we've always said that we would look to do a buyback at deep value. And that is in the eye of the beholder -- the management teams' audit by buying back over $100 million of stock at $103 a share. And in terms of why we might have or might not have done it earlier, we have done buybacks earlier. We bought back about 300, a little less than $300 million worth of stock in the past several years, admittedly at lower prices. With the benefit of hindsight, we should have bought as much as we possibly could buy when the stock was lower -- and actually would you have that benefit prospectively. And we're always balancing our perception of the value of the enterprise with the solidity of our balance sheet and do have other uses for cash, supporting organic growth, which has really been the story around here, supporting inorganic growth, and we did a meaningful acquisition last year. And of course, returning capital to the shareholders appropriately. So I wouldn't say that we've optimized perfectly. I think that's very hard to do. I wouldn't say that we see ourselves as stock pickers or even stock price pickers even with regard to home security. And our focus is heads down building this business. We do run a very, very disciplined operation, particularly on the financial side. Thanks to Lainie and the team. As you know, we do everything we can to mitigate risk, and that includes the nature of our balance sheet. 
Strauss Zelnick: No, we still think there's plenty of opportunity. We're very selective about those opportunities. We've talked about this in the past. And I think we worked -- we have a terrific corporate development team. We look at everything that's potentially available. And one of the things you ask yourself is as I look back, and we've been around here for a better part of 10 years. As I look back, are there things I wish I would have done prior to which they got done. And I suppose there are couple of transactions that we're falling to that category, but precious few. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right, the changes in between quarters, we're not -- it's a very hard to comp quarter-to-quarter because titles expand and certain times contract even in the context of continued growth. And there is seasonality -- little bits of seasonality in our business. So you wouldn't -- you can't really comp quarter-to-quarter or even quarter -- same quarter over prior-year quarter. Those comps just don't make sense. For example, our third quarter was quite different this year -- this fiscal than the prior fiscal because we had a different release schedule. On your question about Social Point. Social Point and the Private Division games, I think, represent around 5% of our revenue. So it's still a relatively small percent of our revenue. We're excited about the potential growth in that area. In terms of intellectual property, Social Point's mission is to create and build endemic made-for-mobile properties. And those are the properties that tends to do best in the mobile space. And it is true, 2K has done really well with WWE SuperCard. We've done well with our NBA App, and we expect to continue to support titles like that through the 2K division. Social Point certainly has the ability to work with both internal labels and external labels, unlicensed properties. But generally speaking, we think the best way to go is to make titles that are meant for the business channel, the consumer channel at hand and to own that intellectual property. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. No, everything is going better than expected. We obviously did much better than expected in the quarter, pretty much across the board where it counts. And we were at the very high end of our range in terms of net bookings and obviously, the cash flow provided by operating activities is meaningfully better than expectations. And we've guided up for the year. So we're excited about how things continue to unfold. NBA 2K is up 25% year-over-year, and was the #2 selling title in 2017. And Grand Theft Auto V, 4 years after its initial release, was actually the #3 selling title according to The NPD Group in terms of units in 2017. We had more users than ever playing Grand Theft Auto Online in the third quarter. We're expecting another record year for Grand Theft Auto Online. So everything is going better than expected. And we do have pretty high expectations around here. Lainie will talk about the share count. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, you're right, that things have gone really well for Grand Theft Auto Online in the third quarter. It performed better than expected. And we think a big part of that performance is Rockstar's ongoing content drops, which have been nothing short of phenomenal. And Rockstar Games has said they intend to support Grand Theft Auto Online with more content going forward. And we did have a record number of users. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, remember, our strategy is always to captivate and engage consumers. And the revenues are a function of that strategy. It's not the other way around. And, however, we can keep consumers excited and make them happier. That's how we do it. And it is true that the effect of doing that has been that we've had really great results. But we don't -- our strategy is driven by the goal of making great entertainment and the world has changed. It used to be that once upon a time, we put out a title, people engage and then it was over and you went on to the next title. Now if you do it right, there's an opportunity to keep people engaged. And having an online cohort does exactly that. And basketball has been succeeding mightily with recurrent consumer spending up, I think, 30% year-over-year. And obviously, Grand Theft Auto Online also reflects extraordinary engagement. We know the economic impacts. We talked about economic results. But the most exciting thing is that we had a record number of people playing in the third quarter, that's what's really exciting. Turning to the NBA 2K League, the goal is to build the first professional sports league that's built on a professional sport. And we know that people love basketball, we know the NBA itself is incredibly successful. And we think it's just a natural to build a league around video gaming that in and of itself will be a successful sport, a successful occupation for consumers. So we expect it to stand alone and to be successful on its own and to be profitable on its own. We do think if we do it right, it will also help the NBA brand overall and it will help the NBA 2K brand. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I appreciate it. Look, we're focused on players, not payers. We're focused on captivation and engagement. And if we get that right, everything else will follow. And the way we get it right is continuing to give people what they want, which is great free content. And that's the strategy of Rockstar Games. They've done it just remarkably well, which is why the game remains so successful and such an important part of consumer culture. So the focus is on the players and on the player experience, and the monetization will take care of itself if we do that right. On the NBA 2K League, some of the business drivers that you will be interested in to hear about naturally are sort of how the draft turns out, what do those teams look like, how does the first season go, how do the games actually look, how do people feel about the experiences. And naturally and purely in the business side, what do the media rights look like and what a sponsorship look like. And all of that is information to come. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. Let me -- I'm actually going to take the point on cannibalization because I've addressed it before. We think every game and every entertainment experience stands on its own. And entertainment experience competes internally, it competes externally and it competes with unrelated experiences because entertainment is a want-to-have activity, not a must-have activity. To the extent that there were a competitive threat, one would assume that competitive threat is realized by properties outside of our company, first and foremost. And so far, Grand Theft Auto Online is just doing phenomenally well. We are having another record year. So we think each title stands alone. And Rockstar Games is continuing to support Grand Theft Auto Online and the results reflect that. I'm not going to comment on any particular news or potential launch, except to say that our policy is to support broad distribution because we want to be where the consumer is. That said, it is important that everything we support is consistent with our creative approach and with our business model, and we'll look at it through that lens. And finally, in terms of margins, we have seen our margins grow, they grow with success. The more hits we have, you know this, of course, the higher our margins are. If we have fewer hits, the lower our margins are. And of course, as we grow scale, as long as we grow that scale and maintain the same profitability levels, you're going to see our operating profits go up. So could gross margins go up? Yes, they can as we shift more to digital distribution, which, I think, we're all seeing inexorably occur. Our gross margins go up and our operating margins will also go up, our scale will help us achieve that. We've shown an ability to grow scale meaningfully, organically. We see it as a challenge to continue doing so. And we're bound and determined to meet that challenge. Equally, accretive acquisitions that build scale will naturally act in service of higher operating margins as well. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think what we're seeing with WWE SuperCard and with the NBA is that mobile games as a standalone, has great experiences and that's how we're focused on. I think the days of companion apps for marketing purposes or even engagement purposes perhaps are gone. And every offering to a consumer has to stand alone as a powerful offering. 
Strauss Zelnick: I think more detail on game mechanic specifics really comes at the label level. But I would just observe that someone else's success is really interesting. And we're obviously informed by what our competitors do. But our goal is to be as innovative as possible. And titles, even really good titles that are derivative, never seem to do as well as innovations that are unexpected. So when we came out with the first Red Dead Redemption, the conventional wisdom was Westerns don't work and it had been an awfully long time since a Western-themed video game had come out, and Rockstar took a massive period of risk and the result was extraordinary. So I don't see our labels being super-excited about being derivative. That said, of course, we play in the world, and we're informed by what's going on. And it is our job to bring consumers what they want. And because you alluded to Asia, Asia remains an enormous area of focus. We built a great business in Asia, and we continue to be very interested in growing that business in and outside of China. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we have enormous respect for the entire WWE organization. We are thrilled to be in business with them. And if Mr. McMahon is going to pursue a new venture, we're rooting for a success enthusiastically, whether we'd be fortunate enough to gain an opportunity from that remains very much to be seen. 
Strauss Zelnick: We've said that there are 3 potential uses for our cash balance: supporting organic growth, which is really our bread-and-butter; supporting inorganic growth, which has been necessary lately as we acquired Social Point and we are interested in potentially broadening the enterprise in that way; and returning capital to shareholders, which obviously, we've just done with a meaningful buyback. We'll continue to pursue all 3 as and when they make sense. So there's no change in our strategy. And in terms of Red Dead, any announcements about platform support will properly come from Rockstar Games. 
Strauss Zelnick: We've said repeatedly, and we've put our money where our mouth is that the entire focus of this organization is on delivering highest quality entertainment experiences of any kind. And more often than not we feel proud that we're able to do that. All of our labels are focused on releasing a title when they reach that apex of effort and perfection. And in this instance, Rockstar Games felt more polish was required and naturally, we're in favor of that decision. The date of October 26 is set, and I'm confident that, that will be the release date and incredibly excited about it. We've released titles all over the calendar, the only time we cannot do would be when it's super hot in July. But otherwise, we've been in every other quarter. Holidays, heading into the holiday season can be a particularly powerful time. And I'd observe that even though there are some competitive releases, it's a lot more of an open field today than it was, say, 10 years ago. There's plenty of opportunity to go around. So we're really excited about both the launch and the timing related to the launch. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a great question. We haven't given any color on fiscal '19 apart from what we said already. Naturally, in the coming months, we will do so, and we'll get a bit more granular about it. You're absolutely right that we used the phrase recurrent consumer spending, but nothing is forever, or typically nothing is forever. And we have to show up and create new content for consumers for every experience that we offer them. And not everything always goes perfectly. We are having a great year. We've had a great number of years, we're immensely grateful for that, that is all driven by the creative quality of the work done by our labels. And while we hope that, that will continue and so far we've been very fortunate. You're absolutely right to imply, this is not recurrent in the way, say, interest payments on a AAA-rated municipal bonds are recurrent. 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't really talk about pacing of content, and I'm not even sure we really think about it that way. We create great entertainment experiences and when they're ready, we deliver them to consumers. And so we don't have any kind of metronome quality to the creation of any of our entertainment experiences here. Rockstar Games has said they intend to continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online. And that support of Grand Theft Auto Online has nothing to do with the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. These are different projects and they stand independent of one another. In terms of my own views on free-to-play console, I think, there are potentially opportunities there. We have a free-to-play experience in China. NBA 2K Online in China is a PC experience could be -- certainly could be a console experience. And naturally, when people are involved with our online games, in many ways, those look like free-to-play experiences, yes, you had to purchase titles that become involved, but if you involve years later, it's hard to imagine that there's much difference between sort of the emotional caliber of that experience and a free-to-play experience. If your question is whether the business model moves in that direction? I would say it probably can't because in a free-to-play -- true free-to-play environment, 10-ish percent of your consumers maximum are paying you and that's not going to support the very significant investment that a AAA title requires here and in our competitors' shops. And we think consumers understand that. And I think to the extent people want to continue to have big AAA experiences and they do, they are prepared to pay what ultimately is a very low price given the massive number of hours that one can spend enjoying the titles. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you. And it's the last question of the day, so I particularly like ending on a high note. I don't think there is a much of a magical answer to the question. Of course, we ask ourselves that and it's just further recognition that the best quality wins. And in the case of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online, and I have to hold myself back from overpromoting because it's not our style. But I do think that the title became the standard bearer for not just the generation, but in many ways for the modern video game business. And in other past iterations of the franchise, I think, there were potentially a couple of other extraordinary titles that clustered around it competitively. And that hasn't seemed to been the case here with 90 million units sold and record results for Grand Theft Auto Online 4 years after its release. Is there a secret sauce? Yes, the secret sauce is it's a really extraordinary experience that people love and it was created and delivered and now supported by a label that never ever rests on the past and is utterly focused on innovation and breaking barriers with an eye towards an amazing entertainment experience. And that's easy for me to say those words, exceedingly hard to do, and I would argue impossible for others to replicate. But what we mostly feel around here is a sense of enormous gratitude to our colleagues at Rockstar Games for creating and supporting and delivering this experience over now what is very many years. And I suppose it is that experience that leads us to be so enthusiastic about the future, when your strategy is guided by a true genuine appreciation for our mission, which is to entertain people. And a genuine, not financially driven commitment to quality comes first. It's just comes first. And then thankfully we run, what we believe is a highly rational, exceedingly disciplined business environment, which gives people, who are creative, a very safe place to do their very best work. Anyway that's our goal, and we think that's why things are going pretty well. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks so much for joining us today. We're really thrilled with the results of the quarter. Incredibly pleased for the outlook for the remainder of the year and the early outlook for fiscal '19. I want to thank you for joining us today and for your continued support. 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of recurrent consumer spending, it is continuing to grow for us. It is the a focus for us in all of our games. For instance, for GTA Online, Q3 was our biggest quarter ever and it's up significantly over last year. So we're still very focused on it. We think there's a lot more opportunity there. And we're focused on our NBA game as well for recurrent consumer spending. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the convert that's left on the balance sheet, so we still have debt of about $13.8 million, and it represents about a little bit approximately 500,000 shares that are left. All the shares have been moved into the share count. So for Q4, you see our press release, we have 118.5 million shares in the count and for the full year 119.5 million shares. Sorry, it's 118 for the full year. 
Lainie Goldstein: In fiscal -- in Q4, we included higher GTA online revenues over last year, but not as high as Q3 because that was a record quarter for us. 
Lainie Goldstein: The majority of the lowering of the OpEx is due to the timing of marketing campaigns and it is for Red Dead Redemption, but also some of our other titles. 
