Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two's business continued to outperform during the second quarter, enabling us to deliver strong net revenue and better-than-expected bookings growth. Our outstanding results were driven by the launch of NBA 2K17, ongoing robust demand for Grand Theft Auto V and increased recurrent consumer spending, including growth and bookings from Grand Theft Auto Online.  NBA 2K17 launched to stellar reviews, quickly becoming the top-rated annual sports game of the current console generation and the highest-rated release in the history of our industry-leading basketball series based on average Metacritic score. NBA 2K17 had the strongest launch in the history of the series and has continued to grow over last year's release, with sell-in to date of more than 4.5 million units. Moreover, during the second quarter, bookings from recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew by 160%, driven by both online play and the MyNBA 2K mobile companion app. Sales of virtual currency for NBA 2K has continued to grow with each new release and remain the largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending next to Grand Theft Auto Online. I'd like to congratulate the team at Visual Concepts for once again raising the bar for excellence by delivering an incredible experience that perfectly captures the authenticity of pro basketball and the passion of our audience for both the sport and its pop culture connection. Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online also continued to exceed our expectations as they have in every quarter since their release. More than 3 years after its initial launch, Grand Theft Auto V remains the must-have title for gamers on both console and PC, with sell-in now surpassing 70 million units. In addition, Grand Theft Auto Online once again delivered bookings growth and remained the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending.  During the second quarter, Rockstar Games supported Grand Theft Auto Online with 2 significant free content updates, Bikers and Cunning Stunts as well as numerous other content drops and events for fans. This ongoing release of rich and varied additional content continues to be a key driver of consumers' sustained engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online, and Rockstar Games has much more planned going forward. The launch of the BioShock: The Collection and XCOM 2 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One were well-received by critics and consumers alike, and sales of BioShock: The Collection significantly exceeded our expectations. In addition, an array of offerings from our diverse catalog also contributed to the strength of our second quarter results.  We continue to capitalize successfully on our industry's ongoing transition to digital distribution. During the second quarter digitally delivered bookings exceeded our expectations and grew 59% to $210.8 million, driven by growth in both recurrent consumer spending and full game downloads. Recurrent consumer spending grew 63% and accounted for 52% of digitally delivered bookings or 24% of total bookings. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by free-to-play games led by NBA 2K Online in China and WWE SuperCard, both of which grew year-over-year, and downloadable add-on content led by offerings for Sid Meier's Civilization, Borderlands and XCOM.  Our holiday season is off to a great start with a diverse array of new titles that Karl will discuss shortly. We believe that this holiday season will be a robust one for our industry, highlighted by top-tier software offerings and further growth in the installed base of new-gen consoles.  Looking further ahead, fiscal 2018 is poised to be another strong year for our company. We expect to grow both bookings and cash provided by operating activities driven by our release slate led by Rockstar Games' highly anticipated launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. Plans for worldwide release in fall 2017 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Red Dead Redemption 2's vast open world will provide the foundation for both an epic story and a brand-new online multiplayer experience. We're incredibly excited about Red Dead Redemption 2 as well as the tremendous response to Rockstar Games' breathtaking announcement trailer.  Interactive entertainment is today's most immersive, engaging and dynamic art form. Ongoing advances in technology enabled our teams to push their creative limits, reach audiences throughout the world across both established and emerging platforms and build communities that stay deeply connected to our brands. And we're just scratching the surface. The potential for our industry has never been stronger, and Take-Two is exceedingly well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity strategically, creatively and financially and to deliver returns for our shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Strauss Zelnick: Justin, thanks for your questions. Yes, we're really excited about the performance of NBA 2K17, it’s the strongest launch in the history of the franchise, and we had record first week sell-in and 160% increase year-over-year in virtual currency sales. So it's looking really good. And obviously, the reviews and scores are great, too. On Mafia, we've got great news on the revenue side that you alluded to, first week fastest sell-in title in 2K's history with 4.5 million units sold-in. And in terms of the reviews and scores, sort of an odd anomaly, you're right, the scores are lower than we would have liked, but there are a lot of stellar reviews. And I think the most prominent reviewers really loved it and recognized that what we're doing here, from the story, art, character and excitement perspective, is really unmatched in the marketplace. So I think we and our competitors are seeing some anomalies in the review system. We take them as they are. We don't argue with it. But I think we do have an enormous number of exceedingly favorable reviews. And most importantly, consumers love the title and they're buying it hand over fist. And at the end of the day, that's how we're judged. In terms of sustainability of earnings, we are looking for another strong year in 2018. We're thrilled that Rockstar has announced Red Dead Redemption 2 for the fall. Obviously, we're going to give guidance in the normal course as we would, and that's a time when I think we can dig further into your questions. The truth though is in the history of the company for really the past that we can recall, this company has been performing across our labels regularly, both in terms of new releases and in terms of catalog, and the results are directionally sound. Things are good and getting better, and that's probably what we're most excited about now. So we'll get into more detail about how each of the labels is doing when we give more specific information and when we do give initial guidance for the year. We're not there yet. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In reverse order, we are expressing year-over-year growth, and we haven't said anything about quarter-over-quarter. It's not really the way we feel we ought to look at it. We're looking at it year-over-year, and it continues to outperform our expectations. In terms of Red Dead 2, Rockstar has announced that there'll be an online component. We're excited about that. We haven't talked about monetization schemes nor do we expect to. The approach of our company in both of our labels is delight the consumer first and the revenue and profits will take care of themselves and proven to be a very good strategy and one I expect will repeat. 
Strauss Zelnick: Potentially yes. I mean, doesn't -- anytime we have something that goes well or doesn't go well, it definitely informs our decision-making. While we don't have anything specific to announce, those announcements would come from our labels. The good news is we have a rich trove of intellectual property, and there definitely are more things that will be brought to the market in the future. And -- but nothing that we would announce on today's call. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks, Mike. It's Strauss. We've been saying for some time that we expected Grand Theft Auto Online to moderate, and so far, we're able to report year-over-year growth in the quarter. The title is over 3 years old. It continues to delight consumers. We're thrilled with its performance. Over time though, the expectation remains that it will moderate. And obviously, we can't call it more specifically than that. It's not actually formulaic. And Rockstar Games has enormous bandwidth to work on a multiplicity of opportunities simultaneously. And I think we all can be really proud of their ability to do so and to delight consumers while delivering experiences that critics resoundingly rate as perfect or very nearly perfect. So we have an enormous amount of confidence in that label and their performance, and we're incredibly excited about what is to come. 
Strauss Zelnick: A fair question. Those are not the statistics we tend to give out. And again, I think the reason that we don’t give them out is that we're not describing this title as the kind of title where those metrics would be all that useful to you. But we have said that it's performing great year-over-year and that we do expect the results to moderate somewhat in the coming quarters. And that's -- we think that, that tells investors what they ought to be looking for. 
Strauss Zelnick: All good and fair questions. This is early for us to give insight into the future. It's something we know investors have asked for and that we're trying to do. And you're right, there's plenty to come in fiscal '18 that we'll talk about in the future. We're not going to give more specifics than that right now. It definitely would be premature. We have said that we expect bookings growth. We have said that we expect cash flow growth. And as you know, we don't say things like that without being exceedingly thoughtful about what we're saying. As far as new intellectual property, look, every year, since this management team took over the company, nearly every year, we've launched successful new IP, not every year, but nearly every year. And we do think that any solid entertainment company is constantly creating new hits in addition to bringing beloved franchises back to market. You're absolutely right. It's very challenging to do that, and it is risky to do that. And we're not always successful at it. It remains a key part of our strategy on an ongoing basis. And when I say that though, I probably should put a very fine point on our selectivity for that to work, given the amount of investment that's required that we have to be incredibly disciplined. And what that means is that our creative teams are encouraged to focus on something they are highly passionate about. And then I would say, we are all -- everyone at this company is laser-focused on quality. And again, even that doesn't always work out according to plan, but more often than not, it does. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right. If we have a point of view about delivering something to consumers that's really exciting, that belongs in a limited edition, what we found is that it can be appropriate to charge a higher price point for that, and we've been very excited by the demand that we've seen for it. It's not really -- we don't feel that this is a trade-off. We can do all of the above. We can offer additional digital content in a limited edition. We can also offer it post-launch, either free or paid. We have the ability to do all of that. And I think what you'll see is -- the focus of this company is over-delivering to our consumers. And with Mafia III, for example, there will be free content updates coming. And Rockstar Games has launched a lot of free content for GTA Online. And our focus here, as I said earlier, is not trying to extract the last nickel from our consumers. To the contrary, our focus is to deliver vastly more value than what we charge for. And we think that creates extraordinary loyalty for our brands, for our labels and for our company's products. And ultimately, over-delivering for consumers equilibrates with over-delivering for shareholders. 
Strauss Zelnick: We’d just like to thank you all for joining us today. Obviously, we're incredibly proud of the results this quarter. Those results are driven by over 2,000 highly creative folks at this company who every day take enormous creative risk to deliver the best entertainment properties in the business. And then they're, in turn, supported by nearly 1,000 people who work in the business side, publishing side of this organization to try to bring those properties to market worldwide in the best possible light. We're incredibly gratified by the results, incredibly proud of what the company has achieved and yet we do believe we're just scratching the surface. Interactive entertainment is the fastest-growing part of the audiovisual entertainment industry, and it's going to stay that way for a long time to come. We and our competitors, in fairness, have the wind at our collective backs. Now it's our job to execute. We're proud of what we've done to date, and we know we have to get up tomorrow and do it all over again. Thanks so much for joining. 
