Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2013 were below expectations, primarily due to lower-than-anticipated sales of Spec Ops: The Line and Max Payne 3. As a hit-driven entertainment company, not every title that we produce will meet our sales targets. Delivering high-quality products supported by a robust marketing campaign is a recipe for success. However, it's not always a guarantee. We firmly believe that Take-Two possesses all of the key attributes necessary to navigate through the inherent volatility of our core business over the long term. Our creative teams are among the best in the industry. We've built one of the strongest intellectual property portfolios in the business, including 9 franchises with individual titles that have sold in 5 million or more units. We have cutting-edge development tools and technology, and our strong balance sheet and liquidity provide a strong financial footing. Today, consumers are increasingly discerning and have an appetite for only the highest quality games that are true leaders within their genre. We believe that their upcoming releases, including Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13, BioShock Infinite and Grand Theft Auto V, among others, will be just that. And our groundbreaking titles are not limited to new releases. Our diverse portfolio of catalog titles, especially Grand Theft Auto IV and Red Dead Redemption continues to attract new audiences years after launch. In fact, sales of both these titles grew in the first quarter versus last year, and our overall catalog sales were up 50%. In addition to growing our core console and PC business, we're actively investing in digitally delivered content for online and mobile platforms. These emerging areas of interactive entertainment are high growth, not tied to the console cycle and present opportunities to generate more stable, higher-margin revenue streams over time. Some of our recent achievements include the following. We entered open beta for NBA 2K Online, our free-to-play MMO game, on the Tencent Games portal in China. Early user metrics for the game are encouraging. We released our first mobile social game for Japan, NBA 2K All Stars, on GREE's social networking platform and announced our partnership to offer additional mobile social games in select global markets, including Pirates! Legends and Civilization. We expanded our lineup of core mobile titles with the release of Max Payne mobile for iOS and Android devices, and we announced the new slate of casual mobile games from our 2K Play division, including our recently released COMEDY CENTRAL'S Indecision Game, which is our first mobile social offering for the U.S. Karl will talk about our online and mobile strategy in more detail later in the call. We continue to find ways to streamline our operations and enhance efficiency. Earlier this month, Rockstar Games announced that it's expanding its development capabilities in Toronto due in part to financial support and tax incentives that were provided by the Ontario government. In conjunction with that expansion, Rockstar is combining its Vancouver and Toronto development teams in a new facility. Bringing these 2 groups together should make for a powerful creative team on future projects. Despite our disappointing results for the first quarter, we continue to expect fiscal 2013 to be one of the best years in Take-Two's history. Consumer enthusiasm suggests strong demand for our extraordinary lineup of upcoming releases, particularly Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13 and BioShock Infinite. Karl will have more to share about our upcoming releases shortly. The past 5 years has been a transformative period for Take-Two. We've strengthened every facet of our enterprise and delivered some of the most critically and commercially successful titles in our industry. We understand that there'll be challenging periods when our well-executed creative endeavors may not deliver their intended commercial results. We firmly believe that we have the correct strategy and resources to deliver profits and shareholder value over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Justin, it's Strauss. They're good questions. I'll beg the first question. It's not that delaying information is a problem for retail. It's that we tailor the information we divulge to enhancing retail. So our announcement about upcoming schedules is obviously a conjunction of our desire to be transparent and our desire to do what's right for the title. But obviously, we wouldn't be in a position where we would be delaying information at the peril of the release. On the contrary, we schedule the information to enhance the quality of the release. And on Max, what does it tell us about the industry? I think what it tells us, first of all, is a 3 million unit initial ship is an excellent result by anyone's standards and certainly by the industry standards. And we don't want to imply otherwise, and we're really proud of the work the team did in the highly rated title that got amazing reviews. And we think it's a stellar game, and so did the consumers. The question that was posed was how high it was up, and we're somewhat disappointed that up wasn't higher than it's turned out to be at least so far. I think what it does tell us is consumers at this stage in the hardware cycle are more selective than ever. These are expensive propositions for consumers. And with a limited release schedule in the first half of the year, not just ours but the industry's, there's lots for traffic. And as a result, the bar is going to be higher. And I think that's true going forward. So it puts further emphasis on our stated strategy of putting out the highest quality titles in the business. And that strategy has served us well, served us well in terms of our results over the past years. It continues to serve us well. It's reflected in the fact that our catalog sells so well. It's a very high percentage of our overall revenue, and our catalog sales were up 50% in the quarter year-over-year. So clearly, consumers want the titles that we have to offer. Otherwise, our catalog wouldn't be doing as well as it is. And clearly, the bar is higher, and we're mindful of that. We think that our upcoming releases surmount that bar. The initial look on Borderlands 2 is very, very positive, and we couldn't be more excited. Also true for NBA 2K13 and the way that upcoming releases, including XCOM: Enemy Unknown are shaping up. So it looks very promising, and that's why we're able to have guidance for the year. That's as strong as this guidance is, albeit somewhat lower than it had been before this quarter.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We always aim to guide based on what we perceive to be the case. And so we're guiding on what we believe is realistic and achievable. We obviously don't guide to a disastrous scenario nor do we guide to a spectacular scenario. And by the way, to be clearer, you're quite right. We had a disappointing year last year, and now we've had a disappointing first quarter. And we take that on the chin. We acknowledge it. I'm frankly disappointed by it. Moreover, I take responsibility for it. That said, we have a company that is capitalized to withstand the normal ups and downs of a pure-play entertainment business. And I've said on these calls many times, at times when we were doing well, I didn't need to say it. The times aren't always going to be great. And occasionally, there are disappointments, and we've had a few in a row. And we take them all real seriously. That said, the right thing to do is to recognize our many strengths and celebrate those strengths and move forward productively to our next body of releases, which look fantastic. And as I said, if you need evidence that people show up for good titles, take a look at our catalog sales, be proactively buying our catalog titles as we speak.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, I mean, Mike, we just haven't talked about the release date. So obviously, we can't talk about the credibility of the release date that we haven't announced. In terms of the quality bar, I wasn't sending -- that remark was not intended to send some internal signal to our teams to work harder, smarter. They do the very best job they can on absolutely everything we do. And I think we have the best people in the business. And I think many, if not most, people will agree with me. I'm just saying that the standards are getting higher, and that affects us as well. Our teams are already trying to do groundbreaking work on absolutely everything they do. Sometimes we succeed. Sometimes we succeed mightily. And occasionally, we're disappointed, and we'd like that to be even more occasionally than it has been of late.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Mike, we wouldn't talk publicly about the way that we communicate with our teams internally. We're blessed to be in business with the Rockstar folks, and everyone knows that I feel that way. We have the best creative teams in the business throughout our company at 2K, 2K Sports, Visual Concepts, Irrational, Firaxis, Rockstar, 2K Marin, 2K Czech. It's an incredible group of people. And how do we communicate? We have about as transparent a company as anyone has, and we encourage people to pursue their passions and to make hits. And I say it here publicly. I say it privately. I'm boringly consistent. That's what we try to do. As I said, we're not always successful. That's part of pushing the envelope. And sometimes things don't go exactly as planned or as hoped. It's the nature of an entertainment business. And while we're not remotely cavalier about it, we are capitalized to withstand the ups and downs of this business.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Certainly, it matters on geography because we tailor our offerings and our business models to consumers wherever they are and change shift geographically. The Asian games in the Asian market are currently thought to be free to play with the economic model being a micro-transaction model.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Great. Well, thanks, all, for joining us. And we are looking forward to delivering on what we believe will be a very successful year.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure, Eric. Since the last quarter, we've revised some of our expectations to some of our upcoming releases for the rest of the year. The other thing that changes the sort of timing and the dynamics between the quarters is our capitalized development costs that we had scheduled for later in the year that got pulled back into the first quarter. So even though we missed by a big amount, a lot of that were expenses that were for later on in the year.
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, that's exactly what it is. Borderlands shipped at the end of the quarter, and all the marketing expenses related to it will be within the quarter, as well as the marketing for some of our Q3 releases. And we also have a little bit left on the MOB losses that'll hit us in that quarter. So that's what's affecting it.
Lainie Goldstein: so for the marketing, it's really on a title-by-title basis. So it can change from quarter to quarter based on what titles released. So last year, we had L.A. Noire and Duke Nukem. And this year, we have Max Payne and Spec Ops. So each title has its own marketing budget that's built up by the labels based on what they think is required for the title. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily like a trending indicator on a quarter-by-quarter basis. You have to really look at each title.
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I'll answer the question very directly, the last point. I think that the market conditions have not actually tempered our view on Borderlands 2. The consumer response, look, we mentioned preorders. There's others buzz factors that we look at. It's been really, really fantastic. The title is a very unique title. There's nothing else like it out there. It's a great window for us. So I would say that the momentum continues to build for that title, not in the other direction. Yes, we do think that the market conditions are relatively difficult in general, but great titles that are marketed well and are positioned well can do well in the face of that. And I think that this one is unique in that regard just considering that there's really nothing else like it. It leads a genre. It's effectively the only game in its genre.
Karl Slatoff: Well, look, I mean, I think strong preorders don't necessarily guarantee that you're going to have a 30 million unit seller. There's no question about that. It's not a one-to-one correlation. But I can tell you, I'd rather have the momentum being built, I'd rather have a strong preorders this quarter out, have momentum going in the right direction than otherwise. So is there a change in the way that preorders are -- the way that preorders predict what's going to happen in release? I don't believe that there's a market change in that. I think it's really title by title. And look, in sports titles, also, the preorder's a very different indication of how sports titles do. I think it really depends on the title and the nature of that title, the nature of the fan base flying into that title.
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I'll take the first question, which is the innovation question. Look, I would say that we will never stop trying to innovate in titles. And I think you've got it exactly right. Most of the titles that we do try to do something a little bit different. They're not plain vanilla. And Spec Ops is an interesting case because Spec Ops actually reviewed quite well. And I think most of the critics at least recognized there's variation in the Metacritic scores, of course, but most recognize that Spec Ops was something very different than any other military shooter that was out there and at least gave -- and gave the title kudos for attempting to be different. Sometimes that resonates with consumers, sometimes it doesn't. And I think in the case of Spec Ops, I think it was a -- it's a fantastic game that is extremely different with a very, very strong storyline. And it begs off the question that, that ultimately matter in the military shooter genre. So I think that in that specific case, that's an interesting case study, but I think it is the only case study. And it would never prevent us from taking risks and chances in innovating in the future because that's the only way that we're going to move our company forward creatively, and that's how, frankly, we've had success in the past. So if we let one title that where innovation didn't move, didn't create a breakout title for us, dictate the way we'll behave in the future, I think that would be a huge mistake.
Karl Slatoff: Tom, it's Karl. Look, I think we have a lot of research out there, and I would -- you should check it out yourself. But obviously, we look at this a lot. And one thing we can say is that people -- the tablet gaming people tend to actually monetize better on tablets. And I think that's one of the most interesting facts that we've noticed to date. But if you look, it's still early. But I would encourage you to check out the research out there because it's pretty robust.
