Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric, for your question. We said before about the cash balance, and this is a high-class problem to have, is that there's at least 3 potential uses. One is to support our organic growth, and our history of organic growth around here is pretty great. Actually, if you just look over the course of the few years, the bulk of our growth indeed has been organic. And in certain businesses, for example, our Asia initiatives, we turn to partnerships to make sure that we could both mitigate the risk and fund those growth opportunities at the time when we were capital-constrained. Thankfully, those constraints were lifted. Those opportunities have largely turned out to be very beneficial, and now we are in a position to finance more organic growth internally. Secondly, there's the opportunity for inorganic growth, driven by acquisitions. We've been really selective about acquisitions, and I don't expect that our discipline would be, in any way, reduced. Historically, what we've acquired -- when we've acquired something is the intersection of a high-quality team with high-quality owned intellectual property. And that is the lens through which we tend to look at the world. And we're not interested in pie-in-the-sky deals. We are only interested in accretive deals. But again, our balance sheet now gives us the opportunity to look at those deals in a more wholesome way. And finally, in the last year, we have demonstrated a desire to return cash to the shareholders by buying $277 million of our stock. We do have an open authorization still for share repurchase and will contemplate that as well. So there are any number of options in front of us, and that's the palette from which we can choose. It's a nice position to be in. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean -- I think by -- when you talk about digital, I assume you mean recurrent consumer spending related to Grand Theft Auto Online. And we've said that, that continues to be a very good story, indeed and, if anything, has exceeded our expectations. It's early days yet. And there's a lot of great content out there. There's great engagement. We're all anxious to see how that develops. But by any standard, it's a very good story, and Grand Theft Auto Online is a big generator of recurrent consumer spending for us. And I'm glad you're optimistic about what next gen -- the next-gen rollout looks like in the coming calendar year. We tend to be highly optimistic as well. We have more than 10 titles in development for next-gen. We've had a great experience with our basketball title, which is the #1 sports title for next-gen and the #3 title overall for next-gen from last fall. So we've announced a number of titles. We've said we have more titles to announce for this fiscal year and for the future. And the fact that the installed base looks sound and growing is potentially a benefit for us. As far as Rockstar goes, we've confirmed that they're hard at work on their current lineup, and we're very excited about what they have in store for next-gen systems in this fiscal year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks, Daniel. Look, I think you've identified the way the year is penciling out, and it's a reflection of our strategy. So historically, what we found when we came to the company some years ago was a company that was dominated by one franchise and operated within one business model. Everyone knows what the franchise was, and the business model was you can create a game and you put in a box and you ship it and then maybe you shipped a budget edition or Game of the Year Edition, and perhaps you shipped some expansion packs. Well, in the past 7 years, we've launched a multiplicity of new franchises. The company now has 10 franchises that have each sold at least 5 million units for an individual release. And in terms of business model, we, and frankly the rest of the industry, have diversified so that we have revenue that comes after the initial release of the game that's not related just to the sale of the full game, whether that's digital or physical revenue. And we call that recurrent consumer spending. What's exciting about the coming year and subsequent years is it's sort of both of those features that we're releasing a balanced portfolio of franchises year in, year out, in addition to new intellectual property that we hope will become new franchises. And we're aggressively pursuing this new business model, which means that we make a game available physically. We make it available digitally. We make downloadable content available when it makes sense. And when it makes sense, we allow consumers to engage in the game, both in terms of gameplay and in terms of spending money. We call that recurrent consumer spending. And that's become a very powerful engine here, both creatively and economically. Of course, we start with the creative engine and then we move on to the economic engine. And Lainie can answer your question about the balance sheet. 
Strauss Zelnick: We've already moved that number meaningfully in the past few years. And remember, that includes our sports revenue, which does tend to skew for us still towards the U.S. We've made a big push internationally by aggressively focusing on Asia. We have headquarters in Singapore and offices over much of Asia. And we mentioned the progress we've made with NBA 2K Online. So that's just one reflection of the progress we've made in the market. But international, we are a worldwide company, and international revenue should continue to increase. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of percentage of revenue attributable to digital distribution, it's a work in progress. There's no doubt, in the year when we initially launched Grand Theft Auto V, shipping 33 million units, that's a year that's going to skew the physical distribution. So as revenues are lower, one could imagine digital revenues being somewhat higher. But that remains to be seen. It depends on our release schedule and how our recurrent consumer spending develops. But I wouldn't want you to extrapolate from this past fiscal year to the subsequent fiscal year. In terms of a breakout for NBA full game downloads versus virtual currency, we haven't broken that out. And in terms of our unannounced titles, it's tempting to be flippant, saying everything we do is going to be a hit, we know that -- much as we love to say that, that isn't always the case, but it's very much our goal. And we really only work on AAA titles, and our teams only work on titles they're passionate about, and they only work on titles they believe can and will be massive hits. And we are right much more often than we're wrong. And according to Metacritic, we have the highest Metacritic scores for the past 6 years, including this past year. And that's a reflection of both that objective and the execution of the objective. That doesn't guarantee that everything we'll do in the coming year will be a hit, but that certainly is our goal. We don't have AA titles. We don't have single-A titles. We only work on AAA titles. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We basically have said that Rockstar is hard at work on their lineup, and there's news to come for this fiscal year. And we expect Rockstar to account for about 45% of the year's revenue. 
Strauss Zelnick: And -- this is Strauss. In terms of Google, Apple and others perhaps seeking developer exclusivity. Look, it remains to be seen. Our stated strategy is to make our products widely available on whatever platforms consumers are using. And we're flexible about the nature of the platform, the size of the screen, as well as the business model. So we're not really based in that way. Generally speaking, we've look for wider rather than narrower availability. If, for some reason, the business evolved differently, then we would evolve with it. But I doubt that it's going to become a business of platform exclusives, that would be costly. And it's hard to imagine that would really benefit consumers. Now the analogy is pay television. In the early days of pay television, there was an awful lot of exclusive content and exclusive deals. And pretty quickly, the pay television services determined that didn't make a whole lot of sense. So I'm skeptical that, that type of business will develop. But if it does develop that way, we will take the opportunities as we find them. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we wanted to thank you, first of all, for joining us today, and just take another moment to express gratitude to our entire team worldwide, many of whom are on the call today. We've had an amazing time of development and growth and success, driven, of course, first and foremost, by the incredible creative efforts of our teams at both Rockstar and 2K. And we're immensely grateful to the folks who show up at work every day and try to think out-of-the-box and do something that's never been done before. And we're equally grateful to our marketing, distribution and business teams who make sure that we get the very best out of those products as we market and distribute them around the world, and as we run this business in a very high-class way. And I think all those efforts are reflected in the results that you see. It's a lot of work every day, but it's work that we're passionate about and that we love. And we very much appreciate all of our shareholders' support, and we endeavor to deliver another great year for you. Thanks very much. 
Lainie Goldstein: Usually -- G&A usually stays pretty flat from quarter-to-quarter and it will probably be in line with next year's -- with last year's balance. The way to look at it, though, it can depend on if there is a onetime write-off or something. In last year--in 2013, we had a onetime $15 million contractual obligation that we had written off during that period. But otherwise, it should be pretty flat to last year's number. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in the R&D, the capitalized and the expensed, we haven't shared before the breakdown for new one versus old IP, but both of our labels work on new and old -- new IP and then old franchises all the time. So that's all included in that balance. 
Lainie Goldstein: Drew, our outlook for fiscal '15 and going forward, where we say that we plan to be profitable on the foreseeable future, is based on a multiyear plan which tracks ongoing profitability of the company. And in '15, it also shows positive cash flow. In addition, our development pipeline, which I said that further gives us confidence in our ability to remain profitable over the long term. 
Lainie Goldstein: Well when we look at '15, we were growing our capitalized software balance to support our exciting pipeline of titles. And then, when we look at the timing of our new releases, which is why we're, modestly, going to be down in '15. And then, that cash flow will be collected in '16, as well as the profitability ongoing in '16 will affect the overall 2-year cash flow. 
Lainie Goldstein: Specific cash balance of about $194 million is for payment of certain software development royalties, and those are included in our accrued expenses at the end of the year. 
Karl Slatoff: Again, though, I will say -- it's Karl talking. We've said this many times before that we have a very strong philosophy around that you just can't come out and just re -- and rerelease franchises over and over and over again. It's very important to us to constantly be reinvesting in new IP. And that is a stated objective of our company. We don't feel comfortable just sitting on our accomplishments and not trying to push the bar forward. Not only with them, with those franchises, but, obviously, coming up with new franchises as well. You've got to keep the pipeline going, and that's the only way to do it. 
Karl Slatoff: And, Drew, it's Karl. In terms of Evolve and Borderlands for next gen, current gen. So for Evolve, this is a title we're obviously extremely excited about. We've got a lot of great press about it. There's a great buzz and there'll be some more about it on E3. And hopefully, you'll get a chance to check it out because it really is a fantastic title. And the bottom line is -- the strategy there is that, that's a next-gen game built on a next-gen engine and it's meant for next-gen. If you truly take advantage of what the game has to offer, and I think you'll understand more about that as you get to know the game better, I think you'll understand what we mean, because it really is something that we think is going to take the cooperative and competitive multiplayer to a new level. So it really fits best, the experience will be best on next-gen consoles. In terms of Borderlands, really, the opportunity there is you've got an enormous installed base. And you've got a platform where there's a lot of folks out there, they're still hungry for content. There's not a lot of other content coming out that's exclusively for -- or specifically for current-gen consoles. And we just saw a market opportunity and we think that our title fits very, very well in that regard. 
Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Neil. So in terms of Evolve, you're right, there are a lot of products coming out this fall, and I think it's going to be a really great year for the entire industry. And in general, I think that's a really good thing because a lot of people will be in the stores and they'll be talking about games and they'll be buying a lot of games. We happen to believe that Evolve is so different and unique that the game will stand on its own. And in general, we understand that there is the notion of consumer wallet share out there, and people only have a certain amount of money that they're willing to spend on entertainment experiences. But we really don't see ourselves as specifically competitive with any other company or any other game, with the exception, perhaps, maybe in the sports business. But in general, we don't really fear the competition in that way. And we think that this game, specifically, will stand out in a crowd. And we actually like the fact that there a lot of games coming out because, again, it gets people in the stores and gets people buzzing about the industry. 
