Strauss H. Zelnick: Thanks, Justin. In terms of GTA V, obviously, having sold something like 34 million units of GTA V for what is now a prior gen, we know we're attracting a very significant core gamer audience and we also attracted people who are not core gamers. But we don't think we had 100% market share of everyone who had platforms, and so we do think there's an opportunity for people who haven't yet enjoyed the title to enjoy it for next gen. Equally, when you do go buy a new platform, it seems to me that it would be very exciting to have one of the most important titles in the industry. But we tend to like to talk about this stuff after it's happened not in advance. We're really proud of the lineup we've had. We're immensely proud of the achievements of the Rockstar team for GTA, and we're anxiously awaiting the November release. So we'll see how it goes. And Lainie can answer your question about digital, then I'll pick it back up on cash.
Strauss H. Zelnick: And then just in terms of deploying our cash balance, we've said repeatedly that we've used and expect to use cash to support organic growth. It's been a good story on organic growth. In 2007, our apples-to-apples net revenue was roughly $700 million. This year, we're guiding to $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. Last year was obviously well over $2 billion, and that's all been generated to organic growth. We are risk-averse folks. We don't intend to change that, certainly don't intend to be profitable yet. But we do see growth opportunities that we now have the ability to avail ourselves of, especially as we head into what we believe will be a very significant growth periods driven by these new consoles coming online. Secondly, we said we will contemplate accretive acquisition or inorganic growth. We've been very selective in anything that we've done so far. And thankfully, it's all worked out for us. But that is something we can now contemplate, but I want to emphasize that we're only interested in accretive deals, and I mean accretive within a reasonable period and accretive on a mathematical basis, not just a business model basis. And finally, we've shown a willingness to return cash to the shareholders. We have very meaningful stock buyback last year, that's another opportunity as well. So minimally, there are 3 possible uses. I think it's also worth noting in our business, cash is a strategic asset. Like any entertainment business, there's an element of risk and volatility in our business that we've aimed very much to drive that out. We definitely have a much more predictable and much less volatile business than we used to have years ago. But having a meaningful amount of cash does allow one to play through the inevitable ups and downs of our business and to avail ourselves of opportunities when they do arise.
Strauss H. Zelnick: When we move a title, it's almost always the same answer, which is giving a title a bit more development time to make sure that it can be everything that it ought to be, and while we would prefer never to change release dates, it's proven to be a good move for us in general because we have the highest Metacritic ratings in the business, and that correlates with revenue and ultimately, of course, profitability. In terms of Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, naturally it's available only for what is now prior gen. It's not available currently for next gen. We're very happy with the initial results. It remains to be seen. It's early days yet but you wouldn't want to comp it to the last Borderlands. So I don't think that would be an appropriate comp right now.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We feel good about the place the industry is in. And I put Take-Two to decide for the moment. This has historically been an excellent time for the business. And a couple of our important peers are performing, and it made pretty good announcements of late. The early stages of the launch of new hardware historically has been a very good thing for the interactive entertainment business, and this time around appears to be no exception. To the contrary, it looks like it's going to be a very robust period in terms of initial selling. The key competitors whose strategies make sense, who have strong balance sheets, who have strong-owned intellectual property and strong technical abilities, and we put ourselves on that short list, should be very well positioned, but we're not the only ones. We've given as much color as we can on 2016, a much more color than we used to give, frankly. We don't have much more to add now. And as we have marketing announcements, of course, our labels will make them. But sitting here today, we feel -- obviously, because we've increased our financial outlook for this year, we feel very sanguine about this fiscal year. And again sitting here today, we feel as though '16 is unfolding nicely as well. But it's early yet.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes, in reverse order, appreciate the question. This quarterly report continues to reflect that the Grand Theft Auto online has been a significant contributor to our results and obviously, we repeatedly said that we're gratified by how the title is performing, both the full game release as well as the online component, and we've been gratified by the long-lasting nature of that. But beyond that, we haven't given out much more data, and I don't see us doing that right now either. In terms of the kind of titles we put out, and I understand your question, in any given year, we and our key competitors launch new intellectual properties and new iterations of older properties. And occasionally, when we see a platform shift, we will take an old property and create an iteration of that in a very similar form for next gen, and we wouldn't rule anything out. That would be driven by the market opportunity we perceive and the potential for delivering a quality release, and that would be very much something that'd also be driven by the passion of our labels. It would not be something that we would mandate to our labels. Our labels are driven by the desire to delight consumers and pursue their creative passions, and that's been a formula that's worked extraordinarily well for this company for the past 7 years. So we're not -- we don't have a policy answer to it, except our job around here is to make sure that consumers are thrilled, to deliver the very best titles in the marketplace, and to make sure that for the top creative talent in the industry, this is the #1 place to work.
Strauss H. Zelnick: So Ben, let me take your first and your third, then I'm going to ask you to repeat your second after I've done that because you were speaking quickly, and I'm slow on the uptake. In terms of Rockstar, as you know, I think you know as well as anyone other franchises include Red Dead, which has been massively successful for our -- for Rockstar and for our company, the Midnight Club franchise, Max Payne and numerous other titles. In terms of what Rockstar is working on in any given time, we really want our labels to make announcements and focus on the consumer and marketing, and that's something that you'd hear from Rockstar when the time is right. In terms of acquisitions, the interactive entertainment business is the only growth business in the audiovisual entertainment business. And there are areas to that business to which we currently do not have exposure, so there's plenty of opportunity out there. But we don't rule anything out, as long as it fits with the company's DNA, as long as it's high quality and clearly would have to be digitally focused entertainment. And I'm sorry, could you repeat your second question for me.
Strauss H. Zelnick: And in terms of China, things are going well. NBA 2K China online continues to perform well. We continue to be optimistic about Civilization coming, and we're excited.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yes. I mean, presales tend still to be a pretty good leading indicator. Awards, covers, press, social media and the like can also be good indicators. And we do have market research to track that as do our competitors. So with social media, there's a bit more insight than there used to be. And I would say, we have pretty good sense of that. We also need to because retail is our partner and we need to make sure that what we're willing to ship is a reflection of what we think the demand is.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Not really. I mean, they definitely will tell us something about launch quantities, but they don't tell us all that much about lifetime. But Metacritic ratings, for example, which you obviously don't know until after you've established your launch quantities, can tell you something about that. So I would say that preorders are important in terms of launch for many titles, not all. There are titles that have long tail. Our Civilization titles tend to have a very long tail. In other instances, it can tell you a great deal. But you want to see how the title rates and then generally speaking, how consumers like it after it's in the market to get a sense of your lifetime sales.
Strauss H. Zelnick: We want to be wherever the consumer is. And we have said that our margins on digital distribution are a bit higher. They are for the industry as well. But in terms of margin dollars, there's a bit of a difference in our favor, but not much. But we can't control that. What we can control is making sure that we're ubiquitous, that we're wherever the consumer is. And our belief is that's our job and we can vote, the consumer votes. So that's our job to just make sure that the options are available.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, our content is already available to the global audience. We have direct distribution into the far corners of the world. And it's one of the things that we're most proud of. Our titles are available virtually everywhere. And of course, there are limitations in China, although that market may well be opening up also. As you probably know, consoles are launching there. There's still going to be significant content restraints, but we think there potentially are some opportunities. If you're referring to other forms of our franchises like NBA 2K Online and Civilization, selectively, we absolutely would like to pursue those, and we are somewhat less risk-averse than we used to be partially based on the success we've enjoyed and partially based on the balance sheet we now have. But this remains a very, very disciplined management team. We operate in a risky business, the entertainment business. And what makes this company work is that, more often than not, we deliver a hit. We have an exceedingly high -- hit ratio. What makes this company work is that we have the strongest creative talents in the business, working on the best collection of owned-intellectual property, delivering the highest-quality products in the business according to Metacritic for, I think, the last 6 years in a row. Those things are all important, and they're easy for me to talk about and really, really hard for our teams to accomplish, really hard. And we have to wake up every day and do it all over again, and we never ever take it for granted. We do not believe it's owed to us. And it comes based on the dedication of more than 2,500 people who work at this enterprise around the world. So easy for me to say, easy for us to brag about, really hard to do every day, really important to do every day. And as we do more and more of that, we have the opportunity, very, very judiciously to take on a bit more risk, build our enterprise, And that's what's helped us grow this company organically from some $700 million in net revenue, just really what was a few short years ago. And we aim to grow profitably on an ongoing basis. But saying those words and doing the job are 2 very different things, and we're exceedingly mindful of risk, and we see ourselves as very careful stewards of our shareholders' capital, and that's not going to change.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Well, briefly, we've spoken an awful lot today. Thanks for all the questions. Thanks for your attention. And we'd like to wish you all a happy and healthy and prosperous holiday season.
Lainie Goldstein: Okay. For digital, we said $90 million for the quarter was in digitally-delivered offerings, and 58% of that came from our recurrent consumer spending, which grew 45%, so we didn't specifically break out what GTA Online was, but that's the information we gave around the digital business.
Lainie Goldstein: It's definitely a buildup of our development cost on our games and our strong pipeline going forward, that's what's causing the difference.
Lainie Goldstein: In Q2, what we saw in operating expenses was a little bit lower in terms of our marketing expense and it was some timing. So most of that marketing we'll see in the rest of the year in Q3 and Q4.
Lainie Goldstein: Well, one of our -- the most recent -- the earliest convert is going to be up in 2016. So it doesn't really seem to make sense right now for us to do anything about that until that time. But we continue to look at it and see if there's an opportunity to make any changes in our capital structure.
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the gross margin, for this quarter, we saw a bit of a higher margin based on our recurrent consumer spending being a big part of the business in the quarter. And then, for the full year, we said we're going to be mid- to upper 40s for the year, and that's also been driven by our recurrent consumer spending that's becoming a bigger part of our business this year, and we hope to see that going forward.
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. We've actually seen a very robust retail market, and all of our retail partners have been enthusiastic about our titles. So to the extent there's any skittishness in the market, and we've had heard rumblings of some of it, we haven't seen any of it at this point. So we're very sanguine on what the state of the market is. And frankly, there's nothing that we've been told by any of our partners that give us any significant concerns. So we think it's going to be a fantastic holiday season, and we're incredibly excited about the lineup that we have, which is a much bigger lineup than we're used to having at the time of the year. So we feel good.
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. I think definitely more of the latter in terms the reason why we do this. It's really more to test the game out, to understand -- get some consumer feedback and to make sure the game is working properly, so that we can adjust our development efforts as we see fit. There may be an incremental marketing benefits to it, but frankly, that's not the primary reason that we would do something like that. It really is purely on the development side. In terms of skewing towards digital, we really haven't done an awful lot of these, really if any. So we don't really have any -- a lot of first-hand experience in terms of is it going to skew for digital. I suppose you can make an argument that when you engage people in that way, they're already predisposed to downloading something digitally because that's the way it's typically available. You could make that argument. But how it plays out, it's frankly, we really don't care, because we don't care how people get it. We don't care if they download it. We don't care if they get it on a disk. It doesn't make a difference to us.
Karl Slatoff: Those are the only 2 platforms that we've announced anything or that they're on at this point. So we haven't talked about other platforms it may or may not be on.
Karl Slatoff: In terms of digital -- in terms of the strength of digital distribution, obviously, digital distribution is incredibly strong, continues to be strengthened in the PC market for us. It's a very, very, very important component of that market, and we continue to see growth in that particular segment. In terms of console, we're seeing strength across the board digitally and also on from a physical side. And in terms of is it -- are we getting more digital? I would say that certainly there's more digital activity at this point, but it's not something that we see is changing in a rapid fashion that's worth noting at this point.
Karl Slatoff: Larry, we agree that -- we are very encouraged by the sales of next gen -- of next-gen devices. Things are going really, really well. I know that everyone is expecting a very hot season this year. In terms of specific marketing plans, we really don't know any more than you guys do, what they publicly announced. We know that Microsoft has announced a pricing change, which should certainly benefit the installed base on that platform. But in terms of specific plans, that's something that we don't know.
Karl Slatoff: Arvind, it's Karl. Just to clarify, I didn't say it wasn't material. I actually said we just didn't care. So there's a pretty big difference there. Whether it's download, a full game download or on a disk, it's irrelevant to us. But you can pretty much assume that we're experiencing the same kind of numbers as everybody else because it's kind of an industry phenomenon. It's not a company-specific or even -- it can be a title-specific phenomenon, but certainly not company-specific phenomenon. But the point is that it doesn't matter to us. In terms of our expectation about percentage digitally downloaded for GTA, we wouldn't share that with you. And again, it's not something that we really focus on to begin with.
Karl Slatoff: Neil, it's Karl. I would say -- to answer your first question about NBA mobile, I would say that it's both. There are people who are engaged specifically with the mobile titles and there are people who are engaged with both, with the console title and use the mobile titles in a companion fashion. And some of our mobile releases are actually designed to be companions to the console, but not necessarily tethered to or specifically required in order to play. So the answer to your question is both. And we also experienced the same thing at WWE. We have WWE Supercard, which is one of our most successful mobile releases from 2K to date, which you can play on a standalone basis but also has some connections into the console game. So it really is both.
