Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that Take-Two delivered record non-GAAP revenue and earnings during the fiscal second quarter, driven by the unprecedented worldwide success of Grand Theft Auto V. Consumers and critics alike responded passionately to the title, enabling it to become the fastest-selling entertainment release in history, with retail sell-through of more than $800 million in its first day and over $1 billion in only 3 days. Held by the New York Times as "the most immersive spectacle in interactive entertainment," Grand Theft Auto V received extraordinary reviews, including over 160 perfect scores. The title has already sold-in nearly 29 million units worldwide, exceeding the lifetime sell-in of Grand Theft Auto IV on console in less than 6 weeks after launch. And demands remain strong, as consumers immerse themselves into the vast world of Grand Theft Auto Online. We are immensely proud of and grateful to the team at Rockstar Games, who consistently redefine what can be achieved in interactive entertainment. I'd like to congratulate them all on delivering an unparalleled experience and superbly marketing Grand Theft Auto V in a way befitting a cultural phenomenon. I'd also like to thank our sales team for their critical role in making this launch one for the record books. In addition to Grand Theft Auto V, our second quarter results benefited from robust demand for our digitally-delivered offerings and renowned catalog titles. Revenue from digitally-delivered content grew 85% year-over-year, driven primarily by full game downloads and add-on content, along with smaller contributions from virtual goods and mobile offerings.  During the second quarter, 2K released Firaxis Games' massive PC expansion pack, Sid Meier's Civilization V: Brave New World, as well as the first add-on content for Irrational Games' BioShock Infinite, and additional add-on content for Borderlands 2. It bears noting that the phenomenal success of Grand Theft Auto V, along with the strong performance of our other recent AAA releases, continues to demonstrate consumers' enduring appetite for ground-breaking interactive entertainment. During a challenging period for many in our industry, our past foremost significant current generation releases, Borderlands 2, NBA 2K13, BioShock Infinite, and Grand Theft Auto V each sold-in more units than any prior title from their respective franchises within the same period after release. We believe it's our unwavering commitment to quality, one of Take-Two's core philosophies, that has been, and will continue to be, our distinguishing pathway for success. As a result of our significantly better-than-expected second quarter results and our positive business outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our financial outlook. Fiscal 2014 is poised to be a record year for our company, with projected non-GAAP net revenue of $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion, and non-GAAP net income of $3.50 per share to $3.75 per share. Looking ahead, we're highly enthusiastic about the opportunities presented by next-generation consoles, which are launching in November. We have a robust development pipeline of new intellectual properties and offerings from our proven franchises, including multiple unannounced titles planned for release during fiscal 2015. In addition, we'll continue to invest to enhance our profitability with innovative digitally-delivered offerings for both traditional and emerging platforms. Our company has all of the assets necessary for ongoing success, including world-class creative teams, the strongest portfolio of intellectual property in the business, cutting-edge technology and a sound financial foundation. We're better positioned than ever to deliver returns for our shareholders and expect to be profitable on a non-GAAP basis in fiscal 2015 and every year for the foreseeable future. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of -- this is Strauss speaking, your second question. Look, we try not to pat ourselves on the back overly. I do think history says that we managed the console cycle reasonably well in terms of delivering our products at the right time. And I think the release window for GTA V was phenomenal. There was an enormous installed base, massive anticipation and virtually no significant competitive releases. I was questioned an awful lot, you may recall, about the timing of that release. And I think Rockstar made a great decision in putting it out when they did, and really optimized the intersection of what a great game can do and what an audience wanted and when they wanted it. We now come to the end of our current gen releases. It's exactly the right time at this company. And as we said today, we have more than 10 titles in development for next-gen, and we're confident enough about that pipeline that we're calling for profitability on an ongoing basis, something that none of us around here does lightly, and something that all of us around here are really proud about. So Rockstar and 2K, both, are operating with within the reality that we have 2 platforms launching in November, about which we're all really excited. And we have great titles coming up. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, it's a fair question. The industry, in general, has been very tight on inventory as they head into the end of the cycle. We don't comment on our own inventory levels around here. And in terms of our expectations going forward, yes, we fully expect to keep selling lots and lots of this game, and I think the fact that we've sold in more than 29 million units to date in 6 weeks is pretty extraordinary. So demand remains very, very strong indeed. I think it's a fair question, because I think some people have asked us to put a finer point than you did on your question. It was just a reflection of all the demand being pulled to current, but there's just no evidence that, that's the case at all. It's not as though consumer say, the next-gen is coming, so I have to buy this title and then I'm never going to buy it again. It's not how they operate. This is a reflection of our finest hopes coming true, which was the intersection of a massive installed base with a massively popular title. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we actually don't guide that tight. We basically -- what Lainie is saying is on a non-GAAP basis, we aim to match the revenue and the development costs and the initial cycle of releases. And you're absolutely right, when something rolls off into our catalog, we're no longer amortizing development costs, we typically don't in marketing costs, and therefore, the gross margin would indeed be higher. But we're not quoting any specific timing or numbers today. 
Strauss Zelnick: But ultimately, as it hits your catalog, it hits your catalog. And it ultimately has no cost profile associated with it, apart from the cost of actually shipping the goods on an ongoing basis. 
Strauss Zelnick: I don't think we actually know the answer to the first question. I suspect it probably is the biggest game that was ever downloaded... 
Strauss Zelnick: But in terms of the number of bytes, I suspect, it's also the biggest, but I could be wrong about that. And we've talked about margins before. We've basically said our margins on digital distribution are somewhat higher than on physical distribution, but not meaningfully higher, typically. And in terms of the way you parsed digitally-delivered revenues here, yes, you've got it correctly. And I suppose I'd add to that, ultimately, catalog. But full-game download, DLC and in-game payments, that would all constitute digitally-delivered revenue. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So we said that in the quarter about 8% of our revenue was from digitally-delivered offerings across the board. We're not talking specifically about GTA V's percent related to digitally-delivered revenue. But I think that gives you a certain amount of guidance, obviously. And in terms of share repurchases, we didn't repurchase any stock in the fiscal quarter. We do have an authorized stock repurchase outstanding. And we do have ample capital to pursue all the opportunities that Lainie outlined. We are a very conservative management team. And as we head into a platform transition, companies with meaningful, strong balance sheets are well positioned, and that's very important to us. So first and foremost, we want to be rock-solid around here. Secondly, we are looking at, and always have looked at, accretive M&A. And let me emphasize accretive. We don't -- accretive is not in the eye of the beholder, it's actually math. And we're interested in accretive M&A that fits with our core business. And third, of course, over time, one must and should look at returning capital to shareholders in an appropriate way, and there are numerous ways that, that can be achieved. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we always prefer that our labels talk about our marketing plans, and we tend not to discuss them on the call. I appreciate the thoughtful question, and we give a lot of thought to just the questions you raise. I think the biggest difference here is -- than the last release is, when Rockstar came out with downloadable content for GTA IV, this was groundbreaking stuff. It had never been done before. And they took a big creative risk and delighted consumers and made money in the process. So it was really a great result. And we, at this company, and our label, specifically, have learned a lot about what consumers want. But what we find is, when you have a hit product, there is an opportunity to continue to delight consumers with ongoing content, and that always remains our focus. Our focus around here did not start with how do we look at our consumers, they showed up in droves and how do we extract more money from their pockets. We genuinely don't. What we think about is, the reason our consumers showed up is because we delighted them in a way they didn't expect. As high as their expectations were, we blew them out of the water and we did that because of the extraordinary creative work done at Rockstar. And then that's the way this company operates. And then having done that, we think, okay, now what is the appropriate way to price this experience so that we can appropriately compensate all of our stakeholders, the people who create the products, the employees who work at this company and of course, our shareholders? And we've always looked at pricing all of our content with an eye towards giving people more than they pay for, trying to overdeliver. So GTA Online is free with the game. And it's the first time we've ever done anything like this. It's incredibly ambitious and taxing and challenging. And consumers love it, and they're showing up in great magnitudes. As Karl said, there is currency in the game and there are plans, at some point, to make that currency available for cash payments in addition to other ways you can earn currency in the game. We'll let Rockstar talk more about that. We don't need to talk more about that today. But for sure, we're commercial folks, and we are in business. But where we start here is with a passion for what we do, then we think about how what we do is going to delight consumers. And then, and only then, do we think about how we're going to monetize it. 
Strauss Zelnick: And let me just emphasize, in one of our stated strategies is to be the most efficient company in the business. We did not go out and build a massive infrastructure to support something before we understood where consumers were going to be -- where they were going to be. We are learning every day how to do this in a high-quality way, and there will be some costs associated with it. We have 0 doubt that the revenue will vastly exceed any operating expense. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of dev cost for the more than 10 next-gen titles we have in development, we do spend meaningfully on our games, it's how we have the highest-rated games in the business. We don't, so far, see meaningful differences in what it's going to cost to develop for next-gen versus what it's been costing to develop for current-gen. And in terms of Asia, what we've said is that NBA 2K Online is one of the top 10 played games in Internet cafés, according to QQ Games in China. We're very happy with those results and continue to be closely engaged in optimizing and contemplating, expanding that throughout other parts of Asia. We have our baseball game in Korea. That's operating as well. And we continue to develop another game in Korea, Civilization Online, so -- which we've talked about previously. That's still in development. So it remains a very interesting area for us, and it's nice to have 2 games in market. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, so far consumers in China really haven't had the opportunity. They play it online and they play very avidly online, but that is typically a free-to-play model where you monetize less than 10% of the audience. It remains to be seen how consoles will do in China. It also remains to be seen what kind of intellectual property protection will be offered in the country. That has been challenging. That doesn't come as a surprise to everyone. We'll be interested in both. If there's an economic opportunity and we can pursue it while keeping our intellectual property secure, we have a presence there, we have a lot of people on the ground, we have multiple offices, we'd be just thrilled. It's a great place to do business. It remains to be seen. Remember, our stated strategy is to be where our consumer is without regard to platform, without regard to type of game, without regard to genre and without regard to business model. We are ecumenical on all of those topics. We're not rule-driven around here. Our goals are simple: be the most creative, the most innovative, and the most efficient company in the industry. 
Strauss Zelnick: We try to be as transparent as possible. And if we have meaningful contributors to our revenue and profitability, then we aim to provide transparency. So it remains to be seen. Right now, it's not a topic we need to address. 
Strauss Zelnick: That's a great question. Our catalog does provide a nice backbone for our business. We have the highest-performing catalog for SKU in the business, and that's driven by our very high Metacritic ratings. Consumers keep buying our titles, and they keep buying the titles even after transitions of platform. So we remain optimistic about our catalog going forward. And digitally-delivered offerings foot with that, because one of the things that digital distribution does is makes your catalog more available. That said, our plans for '15, in fact, reflect a robust release schedule of next-gen titles. We have said that we have more than 10 in development. And generally speaking, in order to be -- to deliver the kind of results we hope to deliver and want to deliver, we do need and expect to have new tent-pole releases. 
Strauss Zelnick: Just what does GTA V and catalog have to do with one another? The GTA series continues to sell extraordinarily well years and years after its release. I mean, in this past year, we put out the 10th year anniversary edition for GTA III on tablet, and that did great for us. We've talked about that before. And console transitions don't hurt our catalog particularly. And people keep playing old titles on old consoles that they still have, even when they buy new consoles, if the titles are good enough. There's an element of nostalgia, but only for the best titles. So we have high hopes for our catalog and now digital distribution, obviously, provides another opportunity. And there are other platforms, whether that's Steam or whether that's any number of other opportunities to release our catalog. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, once again, thank you so much for joining us. I just want to take one last moment to express our gratitude to all of our colleagues all over the world for the extraordinary quarter, outlook for the year, and just how well this company is doing. We feel like we're firing on all cylinders, and we're grateful to all of our colleagues for making that happen. And thank you for joining us. 
Karl Slatoff: Justin, it's Karl. In terms of the online activity for GTA, obviously, we haven't spoken about the specifics. But needless to say, we've had a very, very positive response. And there are many, many, many players playing at this point and it's going very well. And we've gotten terrific feedback from the community in terms of things that they really love about it. So we're very excited about the opportunity for GTA Online. It's something that we think is very special and unique, and is going to be with us for a very, very long time in the future. In terms of monetization, Rockstar has talked about monetization, and there will be -- there are cash backs available. They're not available right now, but they will be turned on back again at some point in the near future. 
Karl Slatoff: It was certainly the biggest on the PlayStation Network on the day release. It was the biggest at first-day on platform. But other than that, we know -- we don't have... 
Karl Slatoff: And Eric, as of GTA Online for next-generation, I think, was your question. We haven't discussed any plans for GTA, at all, in relating to next-generation. So nothing to say there. 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, it's Karl. Like I said before, we're not discussing what the -- specific numbers around engagement at this point. But as I mentioned early in the call, there are many people playing it, the engagement has been very high and the feedback has been extremely positive. And we couldn't be more pleased where we're sitting right now with this exciting opportunity. I just don't have any specifics to share with you right now. 
Lainie Goldstein: James, it's Lainie. We really can't give out additional information than what we've said to date. But I can just point you to the $1 billion is a retail figure. The 29 million units is a sell-in number, and that's what we've done to date, and the $1 billion was in the first 3 days. So there is big differences between those 2 numbers. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the development costs, the way we'll look at it is, on a non-GAAP basis, it will be with the revenue. So we take the revenue for the period and then we'll take what the estimated lifetime revenue is, and the expenses will be spread over that period of time for a non-GAAP basis. The online development costs also have been capitalized alongside with the online game and it, again, will be spread along with the revenue. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. Each quarter we'll update our estimated lifetime for the product, and that can adjust where the cap's off our amortization is. But basically, is over what that lifetime is estimated to be, and that can change over time. 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, we would update our estimates every time. So based on the way the title launched and where -- I'm saying that it performed better than our expectations, yes, the lifetime would probably also be adjusted each quarter. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the cash balance, we don't provide cash flow projections. We are going to be cash flow positive for the remainder of the year, from this point forward, as well as the whole year. And you asked a question, what's the use of cash. So as we said before, we've been investing in our business, looking at acquisition opportunities. If we think it makes sense, we have authorized a share repurchase program. So if the opportunity presents itself and it makes sense for us, that could be an option for us as well. 
Lainie Goldstein: The costs would be included in our -- what we capitalize and then spread over the revenue stream, included with the overall capitalized software for GTA. But it is a good question in terms of how much that's going to be going forward. There will be some of it, the server cost and things like that in the OpEx, but most of the time and effort by the teams will be included in the cap's software. 
