Lainie Goldstein: So for recurrent consumer spend in Q3, the outperformance was driven by the strong sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 special and ultimate editions, which includes additional content that was allocated to recurrent consumer spending as well as growth from NBA 2K's virtual currency. In terms of Q4, we still expect NBA 2K to continue to grow, and that's being offset by lower GTA Online sales that we've talked about being lower this year, and it was lower in Q3 and in Q4. Now for Red Dead Redemption, we still have strong sales and strong demand for the title. The 23 million units in Q3 was higher than what we expected. And based on that, we accordingly adjusted Q4. 
Lainie Goldstein: And for the Q4, on recurrent consumer spending, as I mentioned previously, we look Red Dead Online, we expect their new content releases to accelerate into the first quarter, so we shifted some of the net bookings expectation for Red Dead Online into that period. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q4, we talked about that there were units from Red Dead Redemption 2 that were in Q3, so that shifted out of Q4. And it was also offset by higher NBA expectation. So that's the overall change in Q4. It's driven by those items from early. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the margin in Q3, it's really driven by the business mix, and it was more weighted towards the new releases than we had expected. They have higher development costs associated with it and also higher internal royalties. So that is the difference in the gross margin. And we should see that for the full year as well. And then -- sorry, what was your second question? On the -- oh, the amortization of Red Dead. We don't share that on a title-by-title basis. But we are amortizing it in line with what the overall expectations are for the sales over a multiyear period. 
Lainie Goldstein: We don't share that level of detail on a title-by-title basis, so I can't answer that with you today. 
Lainie Goldstein: So during Q3, the special and ultimate editions, additional content that was allocated to recurrent consumer spending was a large portion of why we overachieved during the quarter. About 17% of -- so the special and ultimate editions were about 17% of all of the units that were sold during the quarter. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I appreciate it. Look, just in terms of our console title being made available free-to-play, remember that Fortnite came about in a roundabout way. It was originally developed as a AAA game. And the free-to-play version that became such a huge hit and continues to perform well was actually originally a mode and then was developed into what it is now. I think that's sort of a stand-alone experience. I think it's hard to replicate, and it would probably be ill-advised to try to replicate it. The truth is that what you deliver an amazing AAA experience, consumers show up for it, and you've seen that with us over and over again, and you see it in these results with the extraordinary results of Red Dead Redemption 2, the continuing amazing result of Grand Theft Auto V and these results of our catalog, which sell pound-for-pound better than anyone else's catalog, which I say units sold per SKU. We're the best in the business or, more recently, NBA 2K19. So what we found is you give consumers what they want, and that's often reflected in reviews and Metacritic scores. Red Dead Redemption 2 tied Grand Theft Auto V with a 97 score. They'll show up and they show up in quantity. So I'm not worried at all about someone else establishing a free-to-play approach as long as our quality continues to be stellar, and that's a very big as-long-as. That's what we have to execute against every day. Consumers aren't actually super price-sensitive where entertainment is concerned. Or said another way, if we put out something that people don't want, you can kind of price it whatever price you want, they're not going to show up for it. I wish it were different, but it's not like selling groceries or commodities. And when you give someone something that's phenomenal, it's our job to deliver vastly more value than what we charge, but price sensitivity declines. So I think this is all about quality. That's our approach, and that's why we're delivering these extraordinary results. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, on the second question, look, Red Dead is flying off the shelves. We sold in over 23 million units. It's performing vastly better than our expectations. It's continuing to sell. It's a massive hit. We definitely have marketed the title. But if by promoted, you mean, discounted, we did not step in and have to price promote the title. The title is, generally speaking, being sold at full price. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we wouldn't really compare Red Dead to the last release, which is Grand Theft Auto. Grand Theft Auto stands alone. It is the most important product in entertainment history, the highest-grossing product in entertainment history, and it's just phenomenal. Red Dead Redemption 2 is also phenomenal in its own way and the sales have vastly exceeded our expectations. But I don't think we'd learn much by tracking those sales to -- sales of any other release. Our expectations remain exceedingly high. Consumers are highly engaged. Titles continuing to sell actively. In terms of online -- and I'm sorry, in terms of the outlook, this is, again, vastly exceeding our expectations, and we expect it to continue. Of course, that's very hard to call. And that'd be driven by the customers, but we feel great about it. In terms of online players that we've seen so far, remember Red Dead Online is in beta. It's really early days. It seems to be developing incredibly well for early days, but it is early days. We have no reason to believe that the overlap between Grand Theft Auto Online players and Red Dead Online players is necessarily substantial, certainly nothing approaching 100%, which is implied in your question. So the answer is absolutely, there are plenty of new players, and we expect that to continue as well. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, in December, Rockstar Games had the highest level of monthly active users ever had between Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online. So I think that tells you just how powerful this offering is. Look, stay tuned because the title comes out of beta, obviously. We got a lot of content to come, and we expect to pick up activity with content drops and then naturally monetization should follow accordingly in fiscal 2020. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, thanks. Look, Rockstar is going to talk about that in more detail. But I think as you'd expect, what's great about being in beta is you get feedback from your consumer and you're able to make improvements. And we've made no bones about the fact that this is a work in progress. Grand Theft Auto Online was a work in progress. We listen to the market. We listen to consumers. And we develop a great offering. One of the most exciting things about the way our business has evolved from what it was 5, 6 years ago, you work really hard. You make a title. You launch the title. And you get great results, good results, bad results, but you're done. There's very little you can do. In an online environment, we can engage with the consumer, and we can get better and better and better. And you've seen the effects of that with Grand Theft Auto Online. Five years after its initial launch, it continues to show enormous engagement, and therefore, it also delivers net bookings to us and drives profitability. So we have high hopes and expectations for Red Dead Online. It's super early to say that, and more details will be forthcoming from the label. 
Strauss Zelnick: So remember, streaming is a distribution technology. Subscription is a business model but completely different animals. We can have a subscription program right now. You could do with physical discs. That's, after all, how Netflix started with physical discs. So there is nothing magical about new technology with regard to a subscription business model. Will that business model develop? It will develop if it's really good for consumers and it's really good for people who create product. That -- it has to be good for both. And remember, people consume video games differently than they consume linear programming. So the average American household consumes about 5 hours of linear programming, what we used to call television programming, but through all sources a day, about 150 hours a month. And currently, they consume about 1 hour and 20 minutes of interactive entertainment programming a day. So about 45 hours a month. Very big difference. And of course, the biggest differences with regard to linear programming, you're very unlikely to watch something twice. So in a given month, at 5 hours a day, you could be watching 75, 100 or, depending on the length, maybe more than that different products. In the case of the video game business, people may play the same title for the entire month. Maybe they play 2 or 3 titles, but they're not engaging with 75 or 100 titles. So you have to ask yourself whether a subscription model really applies to a video game consumer versus the possibility of engaging with a free-to-play title and paying as you go or engaging with a title for which you pay, for example, like NBA 2K19, where you pay a meaningful price in the U.S. about $60 at retail, a little bit more outside of the U.S., but you might play that game for a year. And we have people stay engaged for a year. And it's a terrific deal if you stay engaged for that. So jury's out on subscription models, but I would observe our strategy is to be where the consumer is. So subscription models do make sense. It could be an opportunity for us, but they need to make sense for everyone involved. Let's turn to streaming technology. Streaming technology should be an opportunity to bring interactive entertainment with virtually no friction to all devices in the world. Are there barriers to that? Yes, there are enormous technical barriers because you have to actually do that with low latency in a multiplayer environment, so that if Lainie is sitting here in New York and she is on a Dell Computer and I'm in London on my iPad, we have to be able to play together, and we have to be able to play together without reducing the quality of the gaming experience. Is that doable? Technically, I believe, it will become doable. Currently, it is not doable. How many companies can actually deliver such an experience? Well, you need to have hyperscale data centers all around the world. Who has that? Google has that. Facebook has that. Amazon has that. Microsoft has that. Very few other people have it or are going to have it. That gives you a sense of who can be a player in streaming. What will a streaming model look like? Remains to be seen. My guess is it will look a lot like providing Internet access over cable. Everyone here is a cable customer, if you have Internet access at home. I believe that, ultimately, if you want to get streamed video games, you're going to be a customer of someone who provides streaming. But in order for you to play those games, you have to interact with us, and that business model has to appeal to us. There are those who believe by making available our video games to a broad audience that we will automatically increase the size of our market accordingly. I wish I could take that position. I'm not sure I can, but I would observe any time you broaden distribution, it's a good thing for a provider of the products. 
Strauss Zelnick: So first of all, Red Dead Online early days is going great. Our expectations for what will happen in 2020 are driven by enhanced content drops. We feel terrific about it. It is, however, early days. In terms of how GTA Online is doing, it's performing in line with our expectations. The only difference this year versus prior years is we've had expectations the title would moderate in prior years, and we were pleasantly surprised with the upside. We're still incredibly pleasantly surprised because GTA Online continues to perform so well. It is, however, moderating in accordance with our expectations. So I would say things are going certainly as good and, in most incidences, it's better than expected. In the case of the most recent content drops for GTA Online, that's going at least as well as expected. 
Strauss Zelnick: We're -- it's a very early days sort of thing. And we -- the first season was a work in progress, and we got great results. And we're going to continue to develop. Karl mentioned the fact that we have 4 more teams. We're heading into a draft. We're heading into all kinds of exciting opportunities around the second season, and stay tuned for more news on promotional opportunities as well. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. In terms of Fortnite, I've been asked about this before. I would just observe. We continue to have stellar results despite the fact that there are competitive titles in the market, including Fortnite. There's also plenty of other competition. We get competition from every form of entertainment and other activities that people engage in that would take them away from consuming our titles. So there is no one-for-one comparison to the titles. I don't believe for a minute that our results when they're great or our results when they're less than great are being influenced positively or negatively by another hit title in the marketplace. It's just not the way entertainment works. So it's not the way the movie business works. It's not the way the television business works or the music business or the software business. So if you have something great, people will show up for it. If you don't have anything great, they're not going to show up for it. And just by a way of example just to look at the last fiscal year, we had record results for Grand Theft Auto. We had record results for Grand Theft Auto Online, and Fortnite was booming. So there is room for plenty of hits in the marketplace. We've just had a stellar third quarter. Fortnite continues to perform, and we have these amazing results with Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K19 and the rest of our lineup and our catalog. So I don't see any crossover. And I think if you want to step back from it, you'd say it's almost certainly a good thing when there is a multiplicity of hits. It brings in a bigger audience, perhaps a more diverse audience. We think that's the case. So we're not concerned about competition. We are very concerned about what we do every day, which is why, as Karl said, we're increasing our development. We're increasing our pipeline. And we're utterly focused on quality, and we're really proud of the quality of our titles and our recent releases because, frankly, they've been very good for quite a long time. We've had very few, if any, disappointments that I can think of. On China, we think Asia is an enormous opportunity, specifically China is a great opportunity. We're gratified that game approvals have been relaunched under a new method. We feel cautiously optimistic that there is great opportunity as a result. Tencent and others are engaging in developing new distribution platforms. And I do think, actually, as we look at trade, our government is focused on the fact that taking care of intellectual property, which is America's second-biggest export after aerospace, is important. I think it's on the list of important things. So I think you'll begin to see some progress there. So I think there's a wonderful opportunity for us in China. There's wonderful opportunity right now. And absolutely if regulations soften, there'd be an even greater opportunity. But we understand we have to work within the environment that we find ourselves in there. Finally, with regard to buybacks, we've made it very clear that we have 3 uses for our cash: supporting our organic growth story. That has been our story here. 11 years ago when we showed up here, we had net revenue apples-to-apples of around $700 million net -- but what we would call net bookings today, and we're going to be knocking on the door of $3 billion today, and that is almost all organic. We did buy Social Point. We acquired a few studios, but that is primarily organic growth, and that's a great story. So we want to support organic growth and support measured risk. And so far, our measured risks have all paid off, which is amazing that I get to say those words. We really have nothing that we're concerned about, and we have all these opportunities in front of us. That said, we also think with $1.6 billion cash balance and no debt and plenty of cash flow that we have an opportunity to pursue inorganic growth and certainly, given market conditions right now, there's probably more opportunity facing us now than there was 6 months ago, and that's potentially exciting, but we're very disciplined. And if it needs to be said, we're only interested in accretive transactions like Social Point, which is an accretive transaction. And finally, we're interested in returning capital to our shareholders when it makes sense. My philosophy about buybacks is well known, which is you do buybacks when you see deep value in the marketplace. And when we have seen deep value in the marketplace, we have acted against and I'll probably leave it right there. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of content drops for GTA Online, for Red Dead Online or, frankly, for other of our titles because we have opportunities to engage post-release with virtually everything that we put out. No, we wouldn't see that there would be any relationship between the content drop for one title inside our organization and any other title. So no, I think they stand alone, and what we're trying to do is engage and captivate consumers for every title and to optimize each one for its own consumer base and to grow that consumer base. With regard to in-game spending, I think you're talking about in-game spending or which really speaks to free-to-play games. I don't think we're seeing any kind of a cap. I do think that consumers always pay attention to what they're getting and what they're spending. They're always paying attention to that -- to value. And you never ever want to be in a position of charging more than what you deliver, and you want everyone to leave the experience feeling great. So you know even anecdotally, if you have a really great experience, but you feel you were charged too much for it, your emotional experience overall is not good, even if the thing itself was good. You go to a restaurant, you get a great meal, but if you feel like you're overcharged, it doesn't feel like you had a great meal when you leave the restaurant. So we want to make sure that our consumers always feel like we're taking great care of them and that our consumers understand that we have to pay our folks in order to deliver content, but we always want to deliver more than what we charge. And I do think that certain of our competitors have gotten that upside down. And they even say it, we're data-driven business, and we're trying to maximize our revenue, and then they back into the entertainment experience. We're an entertainment company. We're trying to build incredible experience as we're trying to be the most creative company on earth. We believe we have the best creative teams on earth. And we encourage them, in fact, require them to pursue their passion and not work on anything that they're not passionate about. And as a result, we think we have the best creative properties in the business, and people will show up for those. But we have to be totally respectful of our customers, and that means delivering more than what we charge, and we're utterly focused on doing that. I think if you do that, there's plenty of room, and remember the cohorts going. So even if there is a particular pushback on how much any individual consumer will spend on any experience -- and by the way, we're not seeing that. Then what you have to do is create great experiences and encourage more consumers to get involved, which is happening. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So I think, there's -- the price discrimination in entertainment is really tricky. The same question -- I was asked the same question when I was in the movie business. You're putting out Home Alone 2 -- I'm aging myself, but it's all true. And you knew how Home Alone 1 did. So why don't you charge much more at the box office? And the answer is, it's not really how consumers tend to see entertainment. They expect to pay the same price point for front-line entertainment, and their expectations are that it's high quality. And of course, in the video game business, because the Metacritic scores and reviews, they have some path to know typically what they're getting, more so than in many other businesses. So it seems as though your front-line pricing kind of has to be within a range without regard to the properties that you develop, especially because we never want a consumer to feel as though we're taking advantage of them, and that includes even if there is a lot of demand. On your second point, your question resonates in great success. But when you don't have any knowledge about where you're going, it'd be very difficult to pursue the model that you said. So the model works great retroactively. It doesn't work at all prospectively. Because prospectively, you could be in a terrible position where your monetization levels are exceedingly low. As they are for free-to-play games typically under 10% of the audience pays, and yet when you went and spent the money to create an enormous front-line experience. So we think you have to find a middle path, which is charge a reasonable amount to get people in the door and give them phenomenal quality for that. And then for the people who chose to continue along with your additional content, whatever form it takes, an online offering or downloadable add-on content, you want to make the friction for that low as well. And of course, over time, typically there's discounting of the front-line product, and that will reduce the threshold for people who don't want to initially participate at a higher price. Although in the case of Grand Theft Auto, of course, our retailers maintained a very high front-line price for a very long time. So I guess, the answer is we have to find a path in between. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Mike. Our relationship with Gearbox, which is an external studio, is excellent. The company is stable. And they're doing a phenomenal job as they always do, and we support them greatly. In terms of the unannounced 2K title, that is very much on track. And we expect it to stay on track, and we have very high expectations. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, I think we may have lost you. If there are any other people left on the line, apologies. We had a technical lapse, and we'll be happy to continue with the questions if anyone is here. 
Strauss Zelnick: So all good questions. We're very -- we have this wonderful intellectual property, more than 11 franchises that have sold at least 5 million units with one release, something like 60 releases that have sold at least 2 million units. So we have a terrific array of properties, and I think you've correctly noted that we have not exploited those in other media. I think the issue is that you have to make something great in every medium in which you operate. And if you're going to make a motion picture or television show based on the IP, it has to be utterly phenomenal, and we'd have to have a lot of creative control, and we're not in those businesses. And they have different economic constraints and opportunities. What we have found so far is that licensing the IP to others with sufficient creative control and appropriate financial participation on our end is very challenging to do and isn't necessarily great use of our time. We also -- we do very, very well in our core business, and it's behooved us to focus on our core business. And I'd also just note, it seemed to be very difficult creatively to take intellectual properly -- property driven by interactive entertainment, bring it to linear entertainment. There aren't so many examples of that being done successfully, and that gives us pause as well. In terms of sort of choose your venture applied to television, I've always been a little bit skeptical because my concern is that the more engagement you have in the outcome of a linear fiction, the less likely it is that you can maintain the suspension of disbelief. But consumers like it. There could be something there. I think we'll find out if it's a novelty. That's interesting as novelty, or if there is something there that's more long lived. I'd probably fall in the camp of the former, but the whole point creatively is that you got to be open minded and pursue the passions of your creators. And I would note that the biggest hits are often the most unexpected. So I'd be open minded. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of our relationship going forward with the NBA. We're thrilled to be in a long-term relationship with the NBA and the Players Association. We're grateful for their trust in us, and we're incredibly proud of what we believe the Players Association and we have achieved in the past years delivering this industry-leading title over and over and over again. In terms of our expectations under the terms of the new deal, there's plenty of room for everyone to do well. That's the best kind of deal, and we expect that our margins will be maintained. We do not see any reason to believe that our margins will be changed in a negative way. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, generally speaking, our approach is to be wherever the consumer is, and we distribute very widely. Generally speaking, we have not been a believer in exclusive relationships. I wouldn't comment on any particular store. But for example, the question has been raised about shouldn't you, as a company, be exclusively direct-to-consumer. And I think our experience is that consumers want to shop in a place where they can get a multiplicity of titles. We have terrific titles coming from all of our labels. We have a very broad offering, but there are other titles besides titles coming through the Take-Two Enterprise that people want. So generally speaking, our strategy is to be broadly distributed. There are times when an exclusive distribution relationship can make sense. And I wouldn't be in a position to comment on one of our competitors chose to do. But on balance, we're happy that Epic is going into the business. We're happy to have someone else at the table. 
Strauss Zelnick: First of all, I apologize for the fact that we lost you for a few minutes there, and we'll make sure that never happens again. Look, we're proud of the quarter that we just reported on. We're incredibly excited that our outlooks says we're going to have a record year for net bookings and adjusted cash flow provided by operations. We feel like we're firing on all cylinders, and the outlook is very strong. So we thank you so much for joining us today. I know it was a long call. Thanks for your support. 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, this is Karl. I'll like the first question. So we are very excited to bring Michael Condrey onboard for us. I mean, he really follows our pattern of trying to attract and retain and develop the best content -- the best talent in the industry. That's obviously something that's a very important part of our strategy. And we've been able to do that to-date, and it's not by accident. So Michael joining us is, in my opinion, one of our best hires in a very long time. And we're really excited what he's going to do with the new studio. In terms of timetable, we're not talking about timetables. And frankly, every studio is different and every game is different. So it wouldn't really help much anyway if I said something now because it won't end up being that way. But just rest assured that, this is something that's very exciting for 2K and for our company. 
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. In terms of our pipeline of company and -- look, we are highly focused on increasing our releases. And I think you'll see our efforts. First of all, our acquisition of Social Point and their robust pipeline going forward brings us a lot of opportunity to bring new releases in the near term. We've also got Private Division, which we've spent a lot of time talking about, which you're going to see the first couple releases coming out in the near-term future, but there's more to come as well. We talked about the new studio led by Michael Condrey. So just from a project-based perspective, we are highly focused on bringing more titles into the mix for us. And you're going to -- and look, not every title is going to come out in the next 12 months, but over time, you're going to see a higher release of cadence from our titles because that's a stated objective of ours. There's also -- obviously, we're focused on M&A as well, and there's always an opportunity to bring in new projects that way, and that's something that we've been focused on from day 1. And again, Social Point is one example of that. 
Karl Slatoff: Andrew, it's Karl. So in terms of the idea behind Private Division, I mean, look, we've had -- obviously, we've been around the industry a long time and when you see sort of ebbs and flows in terms of the amount of independent studios that are out there and also talent that's not necessarily associated with other enterprises and just within the last few years, we've seen an increase. And most of the people that we have -- that we signed up for Private Division, these are actually folks that have got real credibility in the industry and have done things before and want to try -- and they want to try creative -- a different creative approach than they have in the past and not necessarily work on titles with -- as big of budgets as they've had in the AAA or AAAA world. So there's just an opportunity -- it's really based on talent and availability of talent. And like I said earlier, we prided ourselves to be a home where -- and to have the flexibility to be a home for creative talent to allow them to pursue those endeavors. And the key ingredient there is passion. And that really is -- probably 95% of it is passion. Do we believe in them? Do they believe in themselves? And can we find a way for it to work within the business model that works for both for us? And that idea is something that was born here. And that we actually really believe -- and once we saw it work once, we said this could be a new business model for us. We can grow this out into a much bigger place because there has to be more than 1 or 2 of these folks out there that want to pursue this path. And as it turns out, we're absolutely right. And the pipeline has been incredible, and the number of titles that we've looked at is staggering over the past few years. I mean, there is no shortage of inbound interest for Private Division. So it's...  [Technical Difficulty] 
Karl Slatoff: I won't get into the specific economics, but generally speaking, all the -- these are situations where the independent -- the studios that we work with, they actually maintain the ownership of the IP, but we have long-term publishing rights to that IP. We generally will fund developments and marketing of those expenses -- of those titles. And once all of that is recouped, and there is typically a profit share. But I can't get into the specifics of how -- what kind of profit share that is, et cetera, et cetera. 
