Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the second quarter, we delivered better-than-expected revenue and earnings growth. Our results were led by the blockbuster launch with NBA 2K16, continued robust demand for Grand Theft Auto V and strong growth in recurrent consumer spending. The launch of NBA 2K16 was the most successful in the history of the series, with over 4 million units sold in during its first week, including strong digitally delivered sales at approximately doubled year-over-year. According to the NPD Group, adjusting for days and market, NBA 2K16 had the best launch month of any sports game during this new console cycle. The title also has been a hit with critics and is the highest rated sports game of 2015 on Xbox One according to Metacritic. Virtual currency for the NBA 2K brand continues to exceed our expectations and has been a significant contributor to revenue growth. During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K grew by nearly 120% year-over-year, benefiting both from online play and the MyNBA 2K companion app. With the holiday season approaching, demand for NBA 2K16 remain strong, and consumer engagement has been outstanding, with more than triple the number of games played online versus last year's release. I'd like to congratulate the teams at 2K and Visual Concepts for once again surpassing their high standards for excellence and delivering a stellar addition to our industry-leading basketball series. More than 2 years after their initial launch, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online continue to exceed our expectations, particularly the installed base of new gen consoles expands. During the second quarter, Grand Theft Auto Online was once again the single largest contributor to recurrent consumer spending. Rockstar Games continues to support this fast online world with a rich array of new content. Most recently, the release of Ill-Gotten Gains Part 2, Freemode Events, Lowriders, and the Halloween Surprise. This ongoing release of new content has been a key driver of player's strong engagement with Grand Theft Auto Online and has significantly enhanced recurrent consumer spending. Grand Theft Auto Online now has over $8 million active users per week, which is more than it had at the same time last year. These results underscore the continued strength and vibrancy of this unique and groundbreaking entertainment experience. A variety of other titles from our diverse portfolio also contributed to our second quarter results, led by NBA 2K15 and offerings from the Borderlands and WWE 2K series. During the second quarter, digitally delivered revenue grew 57% to $141 million, driven by better-than-expected growth in both full-game downloads and recurrent consumer spending. Recurrent consumer spending grew 39% year-over-year and accounted for 20% of our net revenue in the second quarter. In addition to virtual currency for Grand Theft Auto Online and NBA 2K, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by a variety of other offerings. These included downloadable add-on content, particularly for the Borderlands series; Evolve and WWE 2K15; WWE SuperCard, which was updated with new content; and NBA 2K Online, which remains the number #1 PC online sports title in China and continues to generate profits every month. Digitally delivered revenue, especially recurrent consumer spending, remains a high-margin growth opportunity and a key strategic focus for our organization. We expected digitally delivered revenue to grow in fiscal 2016, driven both by higher full-game downloads and recurrent consumer spending. As a result of our outperformance in the second quarter, we're increasing our financial outlook for the full fiscal year. Our holiday season already is off to a great start, and we anticipate a strong back half for fiscal 2016. Today, Take-Two's long-term potential to generate revenue growth, margin expansion and return to our shareholders is greater than ever. Our company's strengths reflects our unparalleled creative assets, sound financial foundation and unwavering commitment to delivering the highest-quality interactive entertainment experiences. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we have talked about some upcoming releases. We've talked about Battleborn. Of course, we talked about Mafia III. And we have titles that we bring -- been bringing in every year, NBA 2K and WWE 2K. And of course, we have recurrent consumer spending on our catalog. So the market has a lot more visibility and for our company than ever before. We've also said that we expect to be profitable on an ongoing basis, and we've been overdelivering compared to our expectations for some time, pretty regularly. So I hope that gives the market some confidence about our view of our business on a going-forward basis. Also since 2007, we've successfully launched one new hit property every year in addition to bringing back our beloved franchises over and over again. And while there's no guarantee we'll be able to do that, it certainly is our goal to continue to launch new titles and new hits and new franchises, in addition to bringing back sequels of existing franchises. Today, we have 11 titles that -- with 1 individual release have sold at least 5 million units. We've over 40 titles that have sold at least a couple of millions. So it's -- we think it's the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business. So I guess, I'll probably have to use a caveat. Past performance is no guarantee of future success. On the other hand, our strategy speaks for itself. And while we do allow our labels to make product announcements and our products announcements are tailored to marketing, not to analyst calls, we are very proud of our past success, and we think we're well positioned going forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, they ought to be for a couple of reasons. Recurrent consumer spending is by definition a higher margin business. The shift to digital distribution is a higher margin business. And -- so those 2 things matter. And obviously, catalog is a higher margin business. And as catalog becomes more reliable and a more important part of our business, that is higher margin. So -- Lainie talked about our margin expected in the upper 40s. That's a very significant change from what this company look like just a few short years ago. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The effect of new content is it increases engagement, and when we have more engagement, we have more recurrent consumer spending. I guess, that stands to reason. We don't release the actual statistics around that -- the actual data around that. But we do have 8 million or more active users weekly for Grand Theft Auto Online. So it's continuing to outperform our expectations, and we're very gratified by those results. To your question about the percent of purchases that come through digital distribution. For front line, it could be 20% of our revenue. It could be a bit more than that. For catalog, it's a much higher figure. For PC, it's a much higher figure. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Arvind. In terms of potential areas like E-sports, Arvind, are obviously are very different. We were an early -- we made a early bet on  e-sports. We had a position in Twitch, which was  sold to Amazon. It was very small investment for us, but it was quite successful. We have made our games available for e-sports competitions, but that's been more a marketing experience than it has been revenue generating. We think it's a very exciting space. It remains to be seen what the nature of monetization can be for companies like ours. But it's certainly a good thing, and creating another form of engagement, just speaks to the robust nature of this entertainment experience. And it's just another reflection of how important interactive entertainment is today to consumers. I talked about virtual reality before. There will be virtual reality headsets hitting the market. There will be software hitting the market. It does remain to be same how consumers feel about that, what the nature of an interactive entertainment experience is in VR and how comfortable that experience is. We've said that we're involved in R&D in the space. We find it really fascinating. Our creative folks find it fascinating, but there is not much to said until we see how that market develops. If the market develops in a way that's consistent with the kind of intellectual property we have, we expect to be there, and we expect to do well in it, but I think it's too early to call. And finally, in terms of WWE, it continues to develop well. I'd just like to make the note that the Medicritic scores are significantly higher this year than last. That's gratifying, because we are focused on improving quality of the title. It seems to be doing very well, certainly exceeding our expectations. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think the answer is both businesses are stable and successful. We're really not talking about changes, except to say that Grand Theft Auto Online continues to perform well and continues to exceed expectations. And NBA 2K Online in China also continues to perform well and is generating revenue and profits, but we're not giving more detail than that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's -- this is Strauss. In terms of the industry dynamics that really are vivid for us, I would say that there is -- when you deliver a title that excites consumers, they seems to like to stay engaged, and that engagement can be monetized in recurrent consumer spending if you do it right. So we're driven by the idea of delighting consumers, and then we focus on monetization, not the other way around. We think it's crucial for a high-quality entertainment company. That's our compact with our consumer. There is no question though that the market is now open minded with regard to ongoing engagement and ongoing spending even after an initial release. The second dynamic that's relevant is the shift to digital distribution, which does generate more margin dollars for us. And it does mean that there's an opportunity for a catalog to remain vivid even if it doesn't make sense to have disks on shelves. So those are both good things. And Lainie will talk about taxes. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Obviously, there's enormous learning that we have in our experience with NBA 2K Online in China. But not trying to capture it in a few short sentences on this call, we had no experience in massive multiplayer or no experience in China and no experience in free to play before we launched that title. Now we've a great deal of experience, and we developed it in partnership with a phenomenal company, Tencent. So I would hope that we would apply all of that learning to the launch of Civilization Online, and we are feeling pretty good about it as we head into an open beta. It remains to be seen, but it is looking pretty good. In terms of our commitment to Asia, it remains very strong. It's a growth area. And what's exciting about it is businesses which may be not that interesting in the U.S., for example, massive multiplayer games, a very tough, very competitive, very expensive business in the U.S., can be very interesting opportunities in Asia, which is why we're pursuing them over there. And then with success, we do have the opportunity to bring those around the rest of the world, potentially even including the U.S. So we think the strategy remains sensible. We've done exceedingly well throughout Asia since we opened our headquarters in Singapore a number of years ago. 
Strauss Zelnick: We're in the same position, which is we have a significant amount of cash. We've got a very strong balance sheet. So in addition to returning capital to the shareholders, we just did that. We just bought back about 1 million shares of stock on what now in today's market looks like favorable terms. We have the ability to support organic growth, which has really been the story of around here. We've grown very significantly organically. And of course, we can support inorganic growth as well to the extent that we maintain our discipline and we focus on accretion to shareholder value. And we're very focused on accretion. So there's no update to the strategy. The strategy remains the same. We remain open-minded on the one hand and disciplined on the other. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we're not giving any more detail except to say that the title of GTA V and GTA Online continues to do well and continues to exceed our expectations. 
Strauss Zelnick: And we're pleased that we had another great quarter. We attribute it to continued tight focus on our strategy of being the most creative, the most tentative and the most efficient company in our business. And our results are driven first and foremost by the creativity of thousands of developers, who we're lucky to have here in the shop, and by the many people who support those activities to make sure that we do a great job marketing and distributing their titles and also running our business day-to-day. So once again, thanks to our colleagues, thanks to our shareholders and thanks to those who joined the call today. We appreciate it. 
