Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We're definitely announcing pricing on a title by title basis. I would just observe, there hasn't been a frontline price increase for a very long time, although costs have increased significantly. But most importantly, we believe we're delivering the highest quality titles in the business. And consumers are staying more engaged than ever. Games have extraordinary playability and replayability. And they offer many, many hours of entertainment. We think it's a great value. It does rely on our continuing to deliver amazing experiences, and that's our strategy and our goal. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, it's a great question, and I appreciate the sentiment with which it's asked because we've now sold in over 135 million units. And of course, GTA V was created for the last console generation, is the standard bearer in this generation, and now we've announced that it will be available for the next generation of consoles, which is just amazing.  Historically, Rockstar always delivers a great new experience with new content and new opportunities to excite, engage and surprise players. And that's true of everything that Rockstar Games releases. Any more details, I think, will properly come from the label in due time, but we couldn't be more excited that the title will be available for the next generation of consoles. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks for your question. Just to clarify, Outer World is sold in 2.8 million units and it's across all platforms, and so far as recently made available for Switch. So -- and we're very excited about it. Outer Worlds also has more content coming, and that's a very exciting opportunity.  We think the opportunity for Private Division to be a greater percentage of our overall net bookings is strong. And to state the obvious, it will all depend on the quality of the releases but they continue to sign up and announce great publishing arrangements with first-class independent developers. And so far, their track record is pretty extraordinary, which is amazing.  In terms of the demographic to which they appeal, I think that's title by title. I don't think there's anything in particular in their strategy that would either limit or expand the scope of their potential audience, except that their titles are created by developers who live outside of the big company system. And does that give them an opportunity to be perhaps more innovative and take more risk? Possibly. Although we pride ourselves on being the most innovative company across everything we do. So it's a really good start. We're incredibly proud of what the team has achieved so far, Private Division, and very optimistic about the future. 
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to distribution, yes, I think you captured it well. We said we want to be where the consumer is. We need to find that intersection of what's great for the consumer and what makes sense for us as a producer and distributor. And there are a lot of opportunities. We tend to be very supportive of new launches. We were supportive early of Google Stadia. We certainly support what Microsoft and Sony and Nintendo do when they bring out new platforms, and I think that will continue.  In terms of direct-to-consumer opportunities, naturally, we have the ability to go direct-to-consumer. Rockstar goes direct-to-consumer through their Launcher, 2K goes direct-to-consumer. We have the ability for consumers to buy goods directly from our company, and I expect that to continue. It's still a relatively small portion of our business. And I think our expectation over time is that our goal is not to drive consumers to any particular destination, including one of our own. Our goal is to be where the consumer is. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of the lasting impact of this period of time, it's so hard to predict because most humans tend to believe that whatever is going on right now is what will always continue. And of course, that's not the case. Everything, in fact, generally changes. So we've seen certain companies announced that, from their point of view, everyone should just always work from home. And I know there are people I know who believe they'll never go to the movies again or they'll never fly in an airplane again or stay in a hotel again or eat inside a restaurant again. And I don't see the world that way. So from our point of view, this tragedy will pass and the world will go back to looking an awful lot like it did before. However, it does feel like this has been a period of time where previously existing trends have been accelerated.  And I do think that we appreciate the possibility of remote work as needed, where we understand in a disaster scenario, how we can continue to be productive. I think, frankly, it's created a great benefit in our morale as an organization. As any tragedy does, I think tragedy will either pull people together or push them apart. I think we have a strong enough culture that it pulled people even more together. It's just my point of view, but I think it's borne out in the level of productivity and the quality of our games and the quality of our operations and hopeful that, that continues.  In terms of the consumer, I do think that this has intensified a shift from old analog entertainment to new interactive entertainment. And I do think that people have come back to video games and tried video games when they hadn't tried them previously. And I think you're going to see a long-lasting increase in demand.  Again, that's not reflected in our numbers because we don't build our guidance based on my opinion about things, luckily. But I do believe that's the case. And I think you're seeing a systemic shift in favor of interactive entertainment. And there are only a handful of companies on earth who aim to do what we do, never mind, are able to do what we do. So it puts us in a very good position indeed.  In terms of your question about other older titles being brought to next-gen consoles. We always leave those announcements to our labels, but I'm sure there'll be more in the future. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean the decision regarding GTA for next gen is a marketing decision and a production decision by Rockstar Games. And I'm sure they'll have more to say about that in the coming months, but I'll leave it to them as I prefer to do.  In terms of the pipeline, we've been very fortunate. As I just said, our workforce has been exceedingly productive. And I think we only have announced 1 delay since this whole tragedy started, that was a delay of Kerbal Space Program 2 to fiscal '22. But apart from that, everything is looking really good and is on track and on target, no issues whatsoever. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The productivity has been strong across the board and across all of our labels. And as you know, Rockstar Games decides on the cadence of updates, and it's driven by great ideas and the ability to deliver those great ideas into superb experiences. And all of our labels wait to distribute new content until it's nearly business perfect as it can possibly be. There is more content coming for both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online this fiscal year. So stay tuned, I think it's going to be awesome.  In terms of the price point, this is a very modest price increase. The pricing has been going down on a real dollar basis for the better part of 15 years. And we're applying this price point in the case where we think the quality not only supports it, but demands it. Production costs have gone up greatly. But most importantly, the consumer experience is more robust than ever before. And I'm utterly convinced that NBA 2K21 will be nothing short of extraordinary, so I don't expect that there will be any concerns. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I don't think this period of time has led to look at our catalog any differently than before. We're bringing out the Mafia Trilogy. We always bring out legacy content usually in an enhanced format for new consoles on a regular basis or even in the absence of new distribution opportunities. And I'm sure that will continue, of course, driven by the demand for our properties. And if I'm not mistaken, we still have the highest sales per SKU of catalog of any of our competitors based on the quality of what we have historically done. We aimed to keep doing that.  In terms of marketing efficiency, I haven't really seen a change. At any given time, we're trying to be more and more efficient with our marketing. Undoubtedly, in the mobile business, there's going to be a meaningful change in marketing based on changes that have been announced by Apple and other changes that are driven by privacy legislation and privacy concerns. But I don't know that, that will enhance efficiency. In fact, it may go in the other direction. So it's always a challenge to create the best marketing. And I wouldn't say it's becoming more or less efficient than before. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean without going into too much detail on confidential arrangements. Typically, we have great relationships with all of our platform partners. And we will sometimes announce a particular situation. In many instances, it's driven by marketing support and other benefits that both parties obtain from such an arrangement. And Karl will take the question on basketball. 
Strauss Zelnick: Very hard to point to it. But I think the NBA 2K League is not only an interesting opportunity as a stand-alone, but also forms part of building the brand and building overall engagement. I think you're 100% right. It used to be a 3-month experience, then it became a 6-month experience. Now it's very close toward a year-long experience, and that's very much our goal. And that's really a reflection of NBA 2K morphing from being the highest quality sim in the market to one of the highest quality interactive entertainment experiences of any kind. And it's both a sim and a lifestyle in a world you can inhabit that's constantly evolving and changing. So that's very much the goal of visual concepts, and you're seeing that goal being realized, and I believe you'll see it be more and more realized. Does the league form a part of that? Unquestionably. We also expect it to be very successful on a stand-alone basis. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, look, it's again, I think, look, 1, 2, whatever it may be, that is obviously our goal, to come up with more than 1 -- more than what we have now and to be more consistent with the number of AAA releases that come out every year in addition to our annualized title. So whether that number is 1 to 3, that certainly would be the goal. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I would just observe, as I did previously that the game already offers numerous opportunities that are in addition to the sim, the core sim game. And we'll leave to Visual Concepts, how that will be expressed going forward. But right now, we think NBA 2K offers something for everyone. You want the best sim game, it's there. You want an opportunity to experience great music, it's there. Great characters, it's there. Play outside of the sim game, it's there or just experience the world. That's a possibility, too. So I'm sure there'll be much more to talk about, and we'll let Visual Concepts and 2K talk about it.  In terms of data around players, we don't tend to go into that much detail. But with 14 million units sold, 18% greater than last year, wonderful engagement and enormous growth in recurrent consumer spending, I think you can safely assume that the audience is expanding. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you so much for joining us today. On behalf of everyone at Take-Two, we appreciate your interest. We appreciate your support, and we'd like to wish you all a happy, healthy and most of all safe summer. Thank you for joining us. 
Karl Slatoff: So for NBA 2K, obviously, this has been an incredible year for us, and we've had a really, really nice run, obviously, much better than our expectations. We were originally projecting that it wasn't going to be a record year, and now it's going to be a record year across the board.  We obviously have some tailwind with that behind the shelter-at-home. But generally speaking, the game has been improving since the day came out, and it's really generated a huge amount of interest across the board.  In terms of has that interest changed with the new seasons, et cetera? There's really nothing to report there at this point. It is -- it's certainly, we're excited that basketball is back at it. It's always a good thing when people are engaged with the NBA. It's an incredible brand and having players in the court is obviously a good thing for us. But there's nothing really that we have to report about the results itself specifically related to that. 
Karl Slatoff: So we -- in our Q2 guidance, we have included the fact that we're seeing some benefits continue on our business, some of the similar tailwinds that we've had since starting in the first quarter, actually the end of the fourth quarter as well. So we do see some of that in our Q2 guidance.  In terms of the back half of the year, we really haven't factored anything in related to that or even -- or to take into account any sort of recessionary possibilities. 
Karl Slatoff: [Capitalized as well.] Yes I think, well, look, as we said, our pipeline is twice the size as it was -- more than double the size as it was 5 years ago, and we're really excited about what that is. Some of these titles are early on in development. Some of those titles are much further along in development. Some of these titles are very, very big titles and some of these titles are very, very, very small titles. So there is a big mix there.  And in terms of -- so you can't really say, well, there's just more titles or they're less expensive. Because there is such a play between those 2 elements. But you identified those 2 elements that, well, those 2 things will certainly play into how large that capitalized balance sheet moves going forward. It's relative to the scale and where we are in development. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. In the case of the NBA, the player tournament that we did, obviously, that was an exciting event. And that was an unplanned event, as you could probably tell. It's something that would probably not have happened, but if it were not for the COVID situation. So in a lot of ways, there are some interesting things that come out of these situations when you're dealt with them. This particular one, I wouldn't really think about it as a specific money making opportunity in the moment. But like any marketing or anything that engages an audience or even creates new audience, it has the benefit of creating interest and engagement with the game. So we really look at that kind of thing, like we would as any other marketing opportunity. Is there a big huge learning from it, something we can keep going? Perhaps. I mean, it was definitely something different than what we've done before, although we have done player-based things in the past, and we've done tournaments in the past, this was just kind of marrying them together. So that's not to say we can do it every day or that this is something that is going to set some kind of precedent for us. But it certainly is interesting. It was a lot of fun to do. And it undoubtedly increased interest and engagement with the game. And as our financial results ultimately reflect all of these things happening for us at once. 
Karl Slatoff: And also, to answer your question about football, look, we obviously think that there's a significant opportunity for nonsimulation gameplay with the NFL, the football business. Otherwise, we wouldn't have done that partnership, and won't be so excited about it.  The fact the success of MyTeam isn't necessarily a barometer for that. There are so many different kinds of nonsimulation play and whether the MyTeam phenomenon is relevant or not, remains to be seen. But in respect of that, the nonsim market is very exciting for us, and that's why we're going forward with NFL with that. 
