Karl Slatoff: Mario, it's Karl. I'm not sure that there's any real macro issues that are going on that I would attribute to the game. I'm sure -- obviously, the NBA is having -- is incredibly successful and is having growth. So that always helps. And we're thrilled with that partnership. The game's just great. I mean the game is really out of the gate performed fantastically well. I think people are reacting, first and foremost, to the quality of the game and also to the expansive amount of content in the game. And we're just really focused on driving engagement. And I think every year, the team at Visual Concepts and 2K continues to add more and more content, more modes and actually enable those modes to work more seamlessly together with innovations such as the city, neighborhood, et cetera. So really for us, it's about the quality of the game and driving engagement through offering more and more and better content. And that's really what we see driving growth. And we're not finished. I mean there's -- we're not nowhere near saturation point at this point. There's a lot of greenfield in front of us. And as long as we continue to deliver on the quality of the content, then we expect the growth to continue for the foreseeable future. 
Karl Slatoff: So the GTA Enhanced, so the next-gen version of GTA V are not, in fact, available for purchase yet, but they will be. And in terms of pricing, we haven't discussed any pricing models around those new releases. 
Karl Slatoff: Clay, it's Karl. I think, look, we've been big supporters and big fans of the mobile market for quite some time. I think that's exhibited in our acquisition strategy over the past few years and obviously with our announced acquisition of Zynga. So it's actually -- it's really exciting for us. And it's not just about the casual space or the mid-core space or the core space. We actually think the mobile market has got room for all the above as it relates to that. It's becoming more sophisticated. The technology is getting better. There's more cross-platform opportunities. There are more examples of the market for mid-core and core franchises having success. Obviously, Call of Duty is a perfect example of that, Fortnite as well. So we really do think that there's an opportunity for us to play along the entire spectrum of mobile opportunities, which is hyper-casual, which we've never really been involved with that much, to casual to mid-core to even core experiences. And look, down the line, I mean one of the benefits of cloud, should that ever come about, which we do hope that it is, is that it does take some of the stress off of the remote device and allows a lot of the intelligence to be done in the cloud. And that enables folks to us to tap into that market all the more easier. In other words, you don't have to buy a console or a high-end PC in order to play sophisticated games. So we really don't think there's any limitation at all in the mobile space for any of our content, whether it be all the way from hyper-casual to our most core assets. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I don't -- look, obviously, most of the mobile space right now is more in the live services business. So there's clearly an opportunity there. But I wouldn't say that single-player story content doesn't have a role in mobile either. Again, I wouldn't count out either one of those categories. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for the question. Yes, we are totally focused on quality here. And we always want to deliver the best possible experience. Very occasionally, we fall short. And I think The Trilogy was an example of that. And the title was launched with some issues. We've addressed many of them. There are more fixes to come. And going forward, we remain highly focused on quality, and we are exceedingly confident in all of our upcoming releases. 
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to bringing Take-Two's core intellectual property to mobile with Zynga's help, look, we think that's one of many great opportunities. We've already said that we expect to achieve $100 million in cost synergies annually over the next couple of years. Additionally, we've identified at least $500 million of annual run rate revenue synergies, many of which are unrelated to new game launches, many of which are unrelated to bringing Take-Two IP to mobile. However, that is an opportunity. And while we haven't identified any heroics within there, we do think it's an interesting opportunity on a selective basis in the coming years. The actual investment is not significant compared to our core investment in console and PC IP. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Look, this is -- it's really hard to make hits in any entertainment industry. It's really hard to make hit video games. And now and then, we fall short; and now and then, our competitors fall short. We don't believe there's any trend in the industry. We just think that, over time, as entertainment industries mature, consumers' expectations always increase, and they should. So it's always our goal to do better with each iteration of a franchise or with each launch of a new intellectual property. And one of the things we're really proud of in our track record is with regard to our franchises, and we have 11 franchises, for example, that have sold over 5 million units with an individual release, each iteration has always sold more than the prior iteration, which is not always true for the industry and lately has really not been true for the industry, but it is true for us. But it will only remain true for us if we continue to focus on quality mightily. And that's job #1 around here. In terms of bringing Take-Two's core intellectual properties to mobile, that remains a very interesting opportunity. As I said earlier, we've identified around $500 million of annual run rate revenue synergies to be achieved in the coming years in the combination with Zynga in addition to $100 million of annual run rate cost synergies. And only a small portion of those synergies on the revenue side are attributable to new releases based on core Take-Two IP. So we have not identified any heroics. We know it will take some time. The financial investment in the context of our investing in the console and PC titles is not significant because obviously, the creation of a mobile title is not as heavy a lift. Equally, the hit ratios are not as strong in the mobile space. So I think we have a sober view of where we can go in the future. And we're really excited that we think Zynga's extraordinary developers and their extraordinary publishing abilities will enhance our ability to bring core intellectual property to the mobile market. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's an enhanced version for Gen 9 consoles, and there will be a lot of upgrades and plenty of reason to purchase it. And Rockstar, obviously, will be talking about that in the marketing materials. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So look, return-to-office is sort of location by location question depending on the state of affairs in each location and what the local authorities are saying. And obviously, we comply with all local regulations. The expectation is that we're either back now or we will be back in the coming months. In any case, the company has proven that we can be very effective without regard to where people are working from. We've had great success in the context of remote work. And while I think all of us are anxious to get back to the office as soon as we possibly can, we're also mindful of the science and the circumstances. We haven't had a quality lapse. We haven't had a timing lapse. We haven't had a financial lapse, and we don't expect to. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, in terms of reopening, as I just said, certain of our offices are fully open. Others will be opening in the coming months, depending on what happens in the marketplaces. We will listen to local authorities. We will pay attention to the science, and we're mostly sensitive to the health and well-being of our colleagues around the world. However, my belief is that we will largely be back in office within the next couple of months. But I think the broader point is that working remotely has not been an issue for the company in terms of quality or performance. So we'd all love to be back in the office. Our team today, who is on this call, we're all together in the office today, and we like it that way. In terms of data privacy, we have not had any issues coming out from the change in IDFA. And we have an extraordinary customer database. And in the combination with Zynga, we expect to have more than 1 billion customer records, which gives us some massive opportunity from a marketing point of view despite the change in IDFA. So we feel just fine about being able to market and, at the same time, to maintain customers' privacy, which is an important value of ours. With regard to hiring, we brought on 300 new developers in the quarter. We continue to grow and grow rapidly, and that's been a good news story because we think people really like working at this company. And with regard to retention, it's an even better story. I think we have one of the lowest attrition rates in the industry, if not the lowest. I know our attrition rate is about half that of the industry average. We earn the right to say that every single day. We're really proud of our culture. It's of paramount importance to us. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think -- I don't think we're seeing enhanced demand because of the pandemic. I think we're seeing normalized demand at this point. 
Strauss Zelnick: On the first point, look, there's always a marketing story du jour in this business, and we're usually very sober about them. And a couple of years ago, the marketing story du jour was how cloud gaming would completely transform the industry and multiply demand by 20x. And what we said on these calls was we'd love to subscribe to that view, but we didn't subscribe to that view, that we thought streaming and cloud distribution was super interesting but probably wouldn't change the market size materially. And that's exactly what we've seen. It's super interesting, and it's not changing the market size materially. So there's broad distribution for our products now for those who want them. And I don't think that anything will occur on the platform side that will significantly change the marketplace going forward. The marketplace will change by virtue of putting out hits or not putting out hits. And I think you alluded to that. So as between platform-driven growth or product-driven growth, I'm going with product-driven growth, which means those who are great will do great and those who are good will have problems. Hard for me to opine about exclusive titles. I think in the event that a platform company acquires a label and that label's intellectual property, one could imagine those titles becoming exclusive in certain circumstances. I think outside of that, it's less likely, although there may be short-term exclusivity deals still as there always have been. And I do think cross-platform play is the wave of the future, and you're going to see more and more because consumers will demand it. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we haven't discussed pricing for Trilogy for mobile yet. And on the competitive landscape, hard to know really. I think there are probably puts and calls. I think assuming the Microsoft acquisition of Activision closes, that means there'll be really 2 very powerful leading pure-play interactive entertainment companies, and we'll be one of them. And I think that probably means there are some advantages in terms of attracting talent and being able to invest in really great experiences and to market them powerfully. At the same time, a platform enterprise having an even more robust product slate, there will be benefits. And again, perhaps there'll be some detriments. I think we're very focused on that which we can control, and we tend not to spend a lot of time worrying about things that are out of our control. What's within our control is making hits. And as long as we maintain our approach, which is try to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business, as long as we focus mightily on quality, we'd do well. And if we have a lapse, if we miss a step, if we divert our attention from that strategy, we don't do as well. So we have our work cut out for us, and we're focused on that work. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, the good news is that Private Division's business model doesn't require us to own the studios we're in business with. In fact, to the contrary. Private Division was set up to offer fantastic publishing marketing services and financing to creators who want to stay independent of the larger enterprises. And Michael Worosz and the team have done a great job building a business that does just that. At the same time, we are able to own certain intellectual properties like Kerbal Space Program. And we've just announced that we've acquired Roll7, which makes OlliOlli World, which is being launched tomorrow incidentally and has great Metacritic scores on Switch, and we couldn't be more excited about it. So I think right now, Private Division is able really to offer opportunities for those who want to stay independent and opportunities for those who want to be part of the Private Division system. We obviously have plenty of capital to deploy when the opportunity presents itself to own intellectual property. And the sky is the limit. It's still early days for Private Division. We're really excited about what will come in the future. 
Strauss Zelnick: There was a time when a couple of our competitors were taking a position that single player was dead. We never took that position. We know that there's a role for single player. I believe there will be a role going forward. Then there are certain games that are meant to be only multiplayer experiences. Rockstar is known for its storytelling. And yes, Rockstar's also known for these fantastic open-world experiences. They clearly do both really well. And the contract shows, as you just said, that consumers are really excited about Rockstar's storytelling ability. And at the same time, we had a great quarter with Grand Theft Auto Online. So there's a lot of excitement there. So the answer is sort of all of the above. 
Strauss Zelnick: We've had precious few quality lapses at this company. So any time that we've fallen short from a quality point of view, it has been an isolated case, and we aim to keep it that way. However, we're not changing our business model. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks so much for joining today. We are really grateful to all of our colleagues for delivering another stellar quarter and for the great outlook going forward. Thank you to our shareholders for your continued support, and have a great evening. 
Lainie Goldstein: Matthew, I'll start with the 14% CAGR. And when we're talking about Take-Two's pipeline of titles, we haven't given any detail deeper than that, but we have been talking about the growth of our pipeline over the last couple of years and the 20 titles per year that we've been growing over time. And that's really what's in those numbers. And we talked about more immersive core titles and how we were supporting the pipeline of title, and that's really where that growth is coming from. 
Lainie Goldstein: RCS, I don't -- we didn't -- we don't break that out with Nordeus. So it's -- for the quarter, we had 2% up versus slight increase, but I don't have it broken out without Nordeus. But in total, for the year, we expect RCS to be slightly down by about 5%, and we originally expected it to be 15%. So RCS has been pretty strong for the year and beating our expectations for the year so far. So we're pretty happy with the performance for RCS for the year. And for Tiny Tina's, we're not breaking out the premium addition and how much that will impact RCS. So we're not giving that level of detail either. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of fiscal year '23, so it's a little early for us to start to give detailed guidance for next year, but we plan to share that on our year-end earnings call in May. But what I can tell you that on a stand-alone basis, we do continue to believe that we will achieve sequential net bookings growth in fiscal year 2023, driven by some of the exciting releases that our labels have been working on. And at the same time, we will make continued investments next year in marketing, talent, in IT and space expansion as we prepare for some of the major launches that our teams have underway, which we project will enable us to deliver record levels of operating performance in the next few years. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for RCS this quarter, NBA 2K22 outperformed as well as Red Dead Online, and GTA Online was in line with our strong expectations. We had some mobile titles that were modestly -- came in below our expectations. So net-net, we were slightly above our expectations. But when we had forecasted for this quarter, we knew that Q2 we had been so much higher. So we put some strong expectations on the page. So that's why we didn't over-exceed as much as we did last quarter. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of our bottom line margins, our expectation is as we build scale for the business is for our bottom line margins to continue to expand. So this year and next year, we have some investments that we're doing in terms of our operating expenses to drive our top line in terms of our organic growth and our pipeline of titles, as we've been talking about.  And as that continues to build, our expectations are for our bottom line margins to continue to expand. And we've seen that on years where we've had some big hits, and we continue to expect to have those. And we expect to have some record years in the next couple of years. And with that, we would expect to see our bottom line margins expand. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Red Dead Redemption 2, we had a lot of holiday promos during the Christmas season, and that really drove a lot of the units as well as we had a series of updates. So a lot of people were playing the game. So that really drove a lot of those units. And in terms of the new cohort spending, we don't have any real details on that. 
