Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to thank our teams for delivering another strong quarter and adding to the ongoing positive momentum of our business. I'll now turn to our recent and upcoming launches for fiscal 2024 and beyond. On October 3rd, Zynga Socialpoint Studio successfully launched Top Troops, a new mobile game that blends strategy, RPG and merge mechanics to create a thrilling medieval fantasy adventure of combat and conquest. This marked the studio's first worldwide launch under Zynga following our combination last year. The game has seen positive player reception with an average rating of 4.38 on Google Play and 4.5 on the Apple App Store. Engagement has also been fantastic with over 2 million hours played in over 70 million battles fought since its worldwide launch date. 2K and Gearbox Software expanded the audience of our beloved Borderland franchise with the October 6th release of Borderlands 3 Ultimate Edition for Nintendo Switch. The game now allows players to make the mayhem at home or on-the-go in a thrilling high-stakes adventure filed with genre-defining shooter-looter action. On October 20, 2K and Visual Concepts launched the WWE 2K23 Bad Bunny Edition across all platforms. Global phenomenon Bad Bunny is featured on the cover of the edition, which also includes a new playable version of this in-game character wearing the peril that he wore WWE Backlash 2023 live event. Zynga's Peak Games studio, the makers of Tune Blast and Toy Blast released Match Factory, a new puzzle game for mobile where players connect identical items, sort tiles and clear the board in a mesmerizing 3D environment. In soft launch, we observed strong engagement and modernization metrics as well as very positive player response as indicated by App Store review scores, which gives us optimism about the long-term potential for this new mobile title. Private Division has several exciting release as planned for this fiscal year. On November 28th, Roll7 will release their critically acclaimed and wildly imagined a third-person shooter skater, Rollerdrome for Xbox Series X and S and PC as well as Xbox Game Pass for both platforms. Also during the fourth quarter, Evening Star, founded by the industry veterans behind Sonic Mania will launch Penny's Big Breakaway, a kinetic Yo-Yo 3D-platformer for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and S, Nintendo Switch and PC. 2K and Visual Concepts are hard at work on WWE 2K24, the next installment of our popular Wrestling series, which will launch during the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, we continue to see great engagement and feedback from audiences enjoying Star Wars Hunters in soft launch across multiple territories. There are several exciting new elements that we are working hard to get into the game causing us to move the title's worldwide launch window to calendar 2024. Private Division is working with Weta Workshop on Tales of the Shire, a game set in the Middle Earth universe and inspired by the books of JRR Tolkien. The team recently released a teaser trailer showing fans a glimpse of the project, which is planned for release in calendar 2024 during our fiscal year 2025. Also, Zynga plans to globally launch Game of Thrones Legends, an all-new RPG puzzle oriented mobile title. In addition to our full game releases, our labels will continue to provide new content and experiences that drive engagement and recurrent consumer spending across many of our key offerings. Our hyper-casual studio plan to release a steady cadence of mobile titles for games that have the potential for enhanced retention rates and a mix of in-app purchases and advertising to drive higher monetization and profitability. Looking at the balance of this fiscal year and beyond, we are highly optimistic about what we believe to be the strongest and most exciting development pipeline in our company's history. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Karl Slatoff: So this is Karl. The fact is we do value both, both can be very, very valuable. Obviously, owning the IP in any context and also in mobile, the margin potential is much higher because you own it full and outright. Obviously, with licensed IP you have to pay royalty. But the mobile market is tough to break new IP. It's tough to get attention. And it comes out -- you can't argue with the fact that having a known brand out there is a way for you to get attention. So it's a give and take. I would say our perspective hasn't changed. In a perfect world, we would focus exclusively on owned IP. But the truth is when we see a good license that we think would have -- we have a great idea for a game for and if Zynga folks want to take it to market, then that's something that we're going to continue to pursue.
Karl Slatoff: So speaking to the confidence of our holiday season. Look, simply, I think it's the strength of our catalog and the strength of our products and a lot of our releases are must-have releases. And any time you're heading into a holiday season, and I think everyone around the table and on the phone is hopeful that we're going to have a very strong hardware season this year. We do have a lot of titles that we think are sort of go-to titles for people to engage with. Besides -- and also, you're obviously -- we're also working off of the results that we've had to date, which are very strong. So the momentum feels positive. We've got a great lineup in place. And it looks like it's going to be a pretty good holiday season from a consumer perspective, particularly in the gaming space.
Lainie Goldstein: Due to shifts in our pipeline, our expectations are that net bookings will now be below $8 billion, but not necessarily. So it really isn't a big change, and we expect growth in 2016 as well.
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. There is -- in the gap there is some deferral of some of the advertising. So that's the difference between us being up in the quarter versus the gap showing flat.
Lainie Goldstein: So we recorded an impairment charge of $220 million related to intangible assets and $165 million of goodwill representing a partial impairment of one of our reporting units. And this is as a result of an updated long-term projection for that reporting unit, but we're not giving any more details other than that.
Lainie Goldstein: And for the RCS, the main driver is the reduction in Zynga's business for the remainder of the year. So we forecasted some of our titles including a more muted expectation for the holiday based on the current trends. And we're also continuing to focus on profitability in hyper-casual, which is reducing our top line but enhancing our margins. And then there's also some shifts in the pipeline, including Star Wars: Hunters.
Strauss Zelnick: We're really excited about it. I mean, to be clear, this is a small economic opportunity right now and a small cost to us. We want to be where the consumer is and what's going on in role playing and really in two ways. Number one, the people are actually playing in old playing servers and number two, the people are watching what they're doing on Twitch. Both are really interesting. The actual people playing is a relatively modest audience. It's in the hundreds of thousands. But the people watching, that's a huge audience. And we're interested in first of all making sure that our intellectual property is protected. We're also really interested in meeting the consumer where the consumer is. And for certain consumers bonding is a really important activity. And finally, people are consuming our intellectual property, we would like to monetize it if we can. We think this gives us an opportunity to do all of the above.
Strauss Zelnick: We don't see materially different behavior. We think it's a great addition. We're thrilled to engage with our consumers in this way. And it's a learning experience, but it's also gratifying that GTA+ continues to grow and be more and more relevant to more and more consumers.
Strauss Zelnick: That's the kind of detail that we typically leave to our labels. So we probably don't have much more to add today except what I said earlier which is we are thrilled that Rockstar is offering a subscription to avid consumers, and we think it bodes really well for the future.
Strauss Zelnick: Regarding the direct-to-consumer platform, we think there continues to be a great deal of upside there, again, for consumers and also for our margins. It's still a relatively small part of our business. There's a great opportunity for growth. To be clear, we will always work with third-party retailers. We want to be where the consumer is. We value our third-party retailer relationships, they do provide marketing support. That's important to us. There are times when consumers want to have a direct relationship. We can do both. We can do all of the above. It is not our strategy to bring everything in-house.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We haven't even issued initial guidance for the year. We do that in the spring of the New Year, and that's when we'll give a lot more specificity around the release schedule. However, I want to reiterate, we are going to be shy of $8 billion in fiscal '25, but not materially so.
Strauss Zelnick: Negotiations are expected to resume next week. We're optimistic and value all of our talent greatly, and we value excellent labor relations and we're looking forward to reaching an agreement that serves everyone well. That's always been my approach. I've been involved with labor negotiations in every entertainment industry there is in my career. They've always worked out just fine. In the event that they don't work out just fine, now we are completely protected.
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, look, we've been in the AI business since the dawn of this industry. Our entertainment properties are created largely in and by computers, and we value tools and we create those tools internally, and we license external tools as well, and the new developments in AI are really exciting. And I've said publicly and repeatedly that I believe that they'll help create efficiency and in certain instances, allow us to do things that we haven't been able to do before. But it's going to allow that for our competitors as well. So I think the tool sets that come out of these recent developments will be commoditized quickly. And the efficiencies that we see, others will see. Do I think that generative AI is going to make hit games? No. Do I think that the need for creative people will go away? Absolutely not. I think, if anything, better tool sets just raise the bar. They give us the opportunity to do more and do better. So the changes will be menial work probably is reduced or eliminated, high-level work is enhanced in importance. So I think you'll see shifts in what we can do with our games. So you mentioned product. I think you'll see some shifts in product, positive ones, I hope. And you mentioned productivity, and I think you will, for sure, see shifts in productivity, but I'm not sure those shifts will drop to the bottom line because typically, when we've generated productivity with tool sets, we've just set our sights higher. And that's our story. Our strategy is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business and AI, I think, probably ticks all three boxes. But don't expect the price tags to go down, just expect everything to get better and competition probably to become more intense for people who are not able to avail themselves of the resources that we can afford. With regard to the expected trailer that Sam Houser posted about today, we're as excited as anyone else. And do I think there will be an impact on our catalog revenue? Potentially. Things are already going really well in that space. And with regard to GTA Online, I mean, it's one amazing story that here we are 10 years later after the initial release and GTA Online is going strong. Why is it going strong? Because it's phenomenal and because Rockstar continues to supply content and updates and engage consumers and entertain them more effectively than, frankly, anyone else in the business. As long as we keep doing that, we'll be very well positioned, indeed.
Strauss Zelnick: We've spoken about this many times. If we're willing to use the company's balance sheet to make a movie or a television show, then in the event of great success, we would benefit from it. But we're not prepared to use the company's balance sheet that way because the risk/reward profile is unappealing to us. They're very difficult businesses. I've been in them successfully. They're super challenging. They're not what we do. We'd much prefer the risk/reward profile of the business we're in. So that means that the only way we can be in that business is through a license arrangement with a third party. And let's put it in context. Mattel announced, they said that their profits -- expected profits from licensing the Barbie IP for a movie would be about $125 million. Now Barbie is a massive, massive hit and it's extraordinary hit. So you don't want to posit a massive hit and look at the numbers that way. Even in a really good news scenario, the license fees would be a fraction thereof for many of our properties, not really enough to be meaningful here. And we have to weigh that too against the risk of failure. And the hit ratios in the motion picture business are vastly lower than they are in the interactive entertainment business. Our hit ratios for console properties are in the 80% or 90%. The hit ratio for a well-run movie studio is around 30%, which is to say there's a 70% chance that the movie that we license could fail. And so in success, the number, in terms of the benefit to our bottom line, is it's not de minimis, it's not 0, but it's not really material to what we do around here. And in failure, we run the risk of compromising the underlying intellectual property. So it's a high bar. We have licensed 2 properties. We've licensed Borderlands to Lionsgate's picture coming. We've licensed BioShock. We're looking forward to that as well. And we have other titles in discussions, not anything ready to announce, but we're going to be very, very selective and very careful.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks. I mean you understand what we're already doing in mobile. So I don't think you want me to cover that. You alluded to that. With regard to console titles, we have advertising when it makes sense creatively and feels organic to the title. So for example, in NBA, if you go to a basketball game, you're going to see advertising in the arena. So it's perfectly reasonable to see the same kind of advertising in our game. But we're not going to do product placement where it's inappropriate, so that we can create a small amount of revenue. First of all, the numbers aren't huge. But secondly, anything that we do that takes a consumer out of the experience is problematic. So years ago, and I don't mean to take a potshot, but I'll do it anyhow. Years ago, there was a Bond movie, and James Bond, everyone knows he only drives an Aston Martin. He's only ever driven an Aston Martin. I don't know which iteration it was, but there was one iteration where they clearly made a deal with BMW and all the cars in the movie were BMW. And look, it ruined the movie for me. Because I -- to me, every time I saw BMW, I was like, wow, look, a little bit of product placement right there, a little bit of an advertisement. That's a disaster. So it's perfectly fine in basketball. It's perfectly fine in WWE. It's not perfectly fine in that title where advertising doesn't fit. As a result, I don't think you should expect that the numbers will be really material, although again, we do have an advertising business when it makes sense. That's completely separate, again, at the risk of being repetitive, from the mobile advertising business. That's a growth category for us. Our mobile advertising was up year-over-year. We feel really good about that.
Strauss Zelnick: I think those are all the questions we have. I just want to say thank you again for everyone joining us today. We're thrilled with the results, and the results are driven by the creativity and passion and commitment of our colleagues, all 12,500 of them all around the world. They work really hard every day, and we get to talk about it here. But the work is done at the studio level, at the label level, at the corporate level. This is a company of great commitment to our strategy of creativity, innovation and efficiency, and we have a culture of ambition, hard work, excellence, seeking and kindness. And I'm really proud of that. This is a really unusual place. If we pursue our strategy and we do it in a way that's consistent with our culture, we've seen over and over again to do well. We're proud of that, and we feel very optimistic about the future. Thanks so much for joining us today.
