Henry Diamond: Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for the second quarter of fiscal 2021 ended September 30, 2020.  Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff, our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer.  We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session on our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in the section entitled Risk Factors. I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measures.  In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www. take2games.com.  And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss. 
Henry Diamond: Joe, it's Karl. We do think about cross-play a lot. And I think for a lot of games that are out in the market that do support cross-play makes a lot of sense. It's certainly something that's very intriguing to us. It's something that we're capable of doing. And obviously, it's not just our decision alone, there's platforms involved as well. We haven't made any specific announcements about cross-play. We are enabling certain cross-generational opportunities within our games. But in terms of cross-play, it's very interesting. I think it's from a player liquidity perspective, it can be a very compelling thing. But it also has some -- for some games, it also has certain limitations. If you're cross-playing between mobile and console games, it's not always the best experience for everybody. So there are considerations that you have to make when making those types of decisions. But obviously, we do consider it, and it's a great opportunity for our industry, in general, going into this next generation. 
Henry Diamond: I mean I don't have any specifics to share -- this is Karl, by the way. I don't have any specific -- it's a great question. I don't have specifics to share with you about what activity we've seen. And by the way, it's kind of hard to know because we're still pretty early in it, and we've sold already 5 million units, and we've had lots of nice action around all of our SKUs, but we don't know what people would otherwise be doing. So it's sort of hard for us to know whether people are waiting or whether they're going for the Mamba now or they're just buying the current gen and they'll buy the next-gen later or just buy current gen. It all remains to be -- it's a little bit of uncharted territory, and it remains to be seen, but what we were very gracious for and proud of is the fact that the activity and the engagement around what we've seen so far has been incredible. So no matter how much it breaks down by SKU, I think we're looking at a really good release for NBA 2K21. 
Strauss Zelnick: Did you all hear that? Sorry, I apologize. Thanks, Lainie and Karl. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to again thank our colleagues for their hard work, commitment to excellence and for delivering another exceptional quarter. To our shareholders, I would like to express our appreciation for your continued support, and we'll now take your questions and apologies for my failure with the mute button. 
Strauss Zelnick: And Mario, regarding your question on subscriptions, no, I don't think our views have changed much. We're open-minded. We're highly skeptical that subscriptions will be the only way or the primary way that interactive entertainment is distributed, and that's because of the way people consume it and the price point for owning a title, which is very reasonable and very, very low, actually on a per hour basis. So I think it's unlikely that subscription sort of supplant frontline video game sales as the primary business model. Subscriptions can play a role in delivering catalog. We've supported numerous subscription offerings with catalog titles. I imagine we'll continue to do so. And in any case, at the end of the day, the consumer will decide, and we will be where the consumer is. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Pricing is determined on a title-by-title basis. We already explained that the reason for the price that we set for NBA 2K21 for next-gen reflected the fact that there hasn't been a frontline price increase since 2005, and yet production costs have gone up 200% or 300% on the one hand, also because we believe we deliver vastly more value to the consumer than the price we charge, that's our goal at all times. As I said, on a per hour basis, interactive entertainment is an incredible bargain, and the U.S. has the lowest frontline pricing of anywhere on earth. So we think it makes sense, and we believe consumers are fine with it as a result. 
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we have seen an acceleration in M&A activity. Obviously, Microsoft is acquiring Bethesda, for example, which is a significant, I believe, $7-some-odd billion transaction, and so I think you're going to continue to see increased M&A activity just because of the heat around the category and the amount of capital that's being deployed by big companies to pursue it. From our point of view, we have almost $2.4 billion in cash. We have no debt, and we are anxious to build our business and aggressively doing so. And we use our capital to support organic growth, our primary story at Take-Two. We also will use our cash to acquire companies when they're strategically consonant and when those deals are accretive, and we return capital to the shareholders on a regular basis through buybacks. And that'll continue to be our approach. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, look, we're pretty open-minded. And at the same time, we deliver the highest quality experiences in the business, and we charge much less for them than we believe they are worth to consumers, and then we deliver typically an ongoing component that is free. And that's already a great deal of value. Any monetization, of course, is totally optional. And unlike many sort of casual titles, the monetization is not necessary to enjoy the experience. It's an additional benefit, but there are no toll booths in any of our online games that are attached to our core games. We have, on occasion, promoted our games very cheaply or in a couple of instances, free, which effectively means you have access to the online component free as a promotion, and I wouldn't rule out the possibility of doing that. And of course, Rockstar has announced that GTA Online will be a stand-alone experience for next-gen coming in second half of 2021, and that it will be free for PS5 users for about 3 months. So as you can see, we're open-minded about our business model, and I wouldn't rule out the possibility that at some point, certain experiences can become free as a matter of the entry point. I like what I consider sort of tethered free-to-play, where 100% of the people acknowledge the value of the title and pay to play it. And on an ongoing basis, you have what is effectively a free-to-play experience attached that can go on for many years. Grand Theft Auto Online, of course, has been successful for 7 years and is expected to set a new record in this fiscal year, amazingly enough. I think that you're also implying another question, which is some of our competitors have taken legacy IP and created stand-alone mobile free-to-play titles related to that IP and branded that IP. And we have not done that yet, and we have not announced any plans to do it. And in the world in which we would do it, of course, would be when our labels are excited by the opportunity creatively and when we think we can deliver something to consumers that's absolutely stellar. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of how things are going at our studios, particularly in our new studios, the answer is very, very well. We have an extraordinary pipeline. We've doubled our prior pipeline of releases over the next 5 years. You mentioned 2 of our studios, I'd really talk about all of our studios, and there are many now. And everything is looking great and is on target. We do not expect to see any slippage. And while I think working from home is really tough, and I admire our colleagues for doing such a great job doing it. It isn't the same as being in the office and yet we have not seen any slowdown in our expected cadence of releases. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, thanks. In terms of the portfolio of owned intellectual property, which we're very proud, we have 11 franchises that have sold over 5 million units with an individual release and over 60 that have sold over 2 million units, and they're some of the most extraordinary franchises in the entertainment business, never mind, the interactive entertainment business. I think I alluded to this earlier, we wouldn't rule out the possibility of making a stand-alone mobile title based on that intellectual property. It would be driven by the label's creative desire to do so in a belief that we can do an extraordinary job at it. We have a lot of talent in the mobile space now at numerous labels, Playdots, Social Point, 2K and others. And I don't doubt that we could put together the resources for the properties that make sense. So stay tuned on that topic. It is not lost on us that the biggest hits in the mobile business are native to the mobile business. They are not based on licensed IP, they're not based on console IP. The biggest hits are native to the business. And in terms of our ongoing lease schedule, we haven't said very much at all about fiscal '22. We have said that GTA Online and GTA V are coming for next-gen in the second half of calendar '21. We said the Kerbal Space Program 2 is coming in fiscal '23, but we will be talking about our release schedule for '22 in due time. And our goal remains the same, but it's too early to comment on what the release schedule will look like. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you very much. On behalf of everyone at Take-Two, I'd like to wish you all a very happy and healthy holiday season. These are extraordinary times, and I wish you all the best through them. And once again, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their incredible work and for these extraordinary results. Have a great evening. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. I'll take the first question on NBA. Obviously, yes, this is really the first time that we've got this kind of overlap in the season -- not only just our own, not only just the basketball seasons itself, but in our own game. Obviously, with what Strauss has said before, it's had a really positive impact with us because the net bookings for our series grew 28%, and recurrent consumer spending grew, I think, it was 76%. So these are really incredible results, and it's really exciting, but it's a bit of uncharted territory. And I can tell you that we couldn't be more thrilled about it. Because with the new platform coming out and with the NBA 2K21 being built from the ground up and also all of the new features that are coming up, well, I don't have specific lift numbers for you that are associated with The City itself. Obviously, that was a huge commitment made by the team at Visual Concepts and the 2K, and we're really, really excited about it. And anytime you do come out with something that could be a game changer for any game, but specifically for our game, we tend to see really excellent results. And we've already seen great results, and I think it's going to be even better when we launch our next-gen platform, and we're very excited about it. 
Karl Slatoff: Matt, it's Karl. In terms of The City, I think the real quick answer to the question is, really since The Park came back out in '14, we've seen more social activities in NBA, generally speaking. And as the environment has got more sophisticated and there is more things to do, that social activity has been increasing all along. And you see big jumps in that as well. When you come out -- when we move from The Park to the neighborhood, we saw a market difference in how people play in the game. You create events. People create their own events within the communities themselves. And the more that you give -- more that you content you give within these communities and within these spaces, within these worlds, it encourages people to spend more time there. And that's a really great thing from an engagement perspective because, number one, I think it does actually, people love it and driving engagement also drives economics for us, and that's one of our objectives. So building out The City was a huge endeavor that VC took on. We think it's going to be really well received. We think people are spending a lot of time in The City, and it really will take that whole concept of open world social gaming to another level in the context of NBA. So we're very excited. 
Karl Slatoff: And to answer your question specifically, Todd, about the platform extensions and whether we consider them the part of our core gaming experience, we do. So we did say before the 93 titles, 63 that we mentioned that are in our pipeline, which is more than double what it was 5 years ago, by the way. 63 of those are core gaming experiences, and that includes 15 platform extensions. 
