Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your questions. In terms of use of cash, obviously it’s good to be in the position that we’re in, that’s a reflection of the team’s great work and the results that we’ve had. So now we have, as we said, nearly $1 billion on the balance sheet. We’ve said over and over again that the cash here is used for potentially three purposes, supporting organic growth and the company story has largely been an organic growth story and one of which we are very proud, supporting return of capital for shareholders. And we’ve done that in a big way as well, relatively recent times we purchased almost $280 million worth of stock back. And we have the opportunity also to support our growth with inorganic acquisitions. We have a very tight honorable, very disciplined folks who are focused on building our core business. And if we were to do any kind of acquisition, it would have to be strategically powerful and accretive. And that’s I think the appropriate lens through which to look at any potential inorganic opportunity and that remains unchanged. So this is a -- it’s a high class problem, one that we take seriously, but those options certainly remain -- sort of remain our landscape. In terms of GTA Online, the GTA Online continues to exceed our expectations and delight us, and that’s because it delights consumers and we are thrilled with what the team of Rockstar has done and continues to do. There is more content coming. The Heists are coming. I’ll let Rockstar talk more about that, it’s not for this call. But I do think it is for this call just to acknowledge the extraordinary work that the team has done and the results that it’s delivered. This is a living breathing entity that continues to delight consumers day after day, week after week, month after month.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah, I mean, mathematically, as you said, it’s tough comp. We had a very big holiday lineup, five titles and we’re thrilled that they did so well. So math is math, and this year is penciling out very well. And naturally, if you look at it as a comp -- as a comp problem, it’s challenge, but it’s not really how we look at it. We have a desire to bring consumers the best in interactive entertainment. We have 10 franchises that each sold more than 5 million units and an individual release 40 multi-million unit franchises and we have labels with 2,000 creative folks who are actively working on a number of projects. So we believe, can and will be the highest quality projects in the business. So we don’t tend to measure ourselves based on annual growth, although it would be very nice to deliver that year in year out. We measure ourselves on doing the very best work that we can over the long-term and that’s work out really well for us over the past seven years. So you’re right, it is the tough comp. We have a lot of wood to chop. We feel very, very confident and we’re confident enough to say that we expect company to be profitable next year and for the forcible future. We’re certainly talking about some titles already. So we feel great about it. But we don’t see our mission as necessarily delivering quarter-over-quarter year-over-year topline and to our bottomline growth. That isn’t the mission. The mission is to delight audiences and then good things, including good economic things will flow from that. In terms of your question about our digital downloads as a percent of revenue, Lainie will take that.
Strauss Zelnick: But generally speaking, consumers are migrating to digital distribution of entertainment products and we’re part of that.
Strauss Zelnick: No. Sorry. Sorry, I have a second question to your question Daniel. In terms of the over concentration of Grand Theft Auto as a contributor to our revenues and profits, nearly as you pointed out that’s a high-class problem, to use the phrase for the second time in the call. And remember, our goal is to make everyone of our release as big as it can possibly be. That would be everything from Grand Theft Auto to all the other hits that have around here. And the fact that Rockstar keeps making Grand Theft Auto more and more relevant that it attracts more and more consumers. The Grand Theft Auto V has sold in approximately 45 million units for legacy and next-gen consoles is nothing short of extraordinary. We have a great story to tell with our other intellectual property tiers as well and they continue to grow. So if someone’s looking at the company and saying, you have this massive industry hit and then you have an array of simply huge industry hits, its very difficult for me to see bad news in there as long as we keep delivering more and more successful franchises and every year since ’07, this company has successfully launched at least one new mega-million unit selling franchise. It’s our goal to keep doing that, can’t guarantee we will always do, but there are goal to keep doing it. And if we do that, I think, we are doing our job well and it’s reflected in our revenues and profits, and if we are fortunate enough that Grand Theft Auto can also grow simultaneously that will only be a thing. I can’t find anything bad about it.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. Ben, we are not going to talk about Rockstar’s upcoming releases in the call and I know everyone like us too, but it just not the way that we tend to do, we like to leave those announcements to our labels. And certainly when we provide our initial guidance for the year, you could expect more color on what the release schedule looks for the company as a whole.
Strauss Zelnick: I don’t think we think about pacing in a traditional way. We have said that we think big tentpole releases should not be annualized except for sports titles because we think it’s valuable to build anticipation and because it takes some time to make the highest quality products in the business. But apart from that, I wouldn’t say we over think pacing. I think we bring the titles to markets when they are ready to be marketed.
Strauss Zelnick: Yeah. You’re right, Mike. There was some controversy start-up by an online post. And I guess, controversy, generally speaking, is a good thing. People can argue about the business model. I think we’re delivering a fantastic title that’s well versed with consumers who will pay for it. And all signs are extraordinarily positive. I never like to claim success before it’s occurred. This looks to be a good news event. I’m going to leave it at that. Hopefully, in our next call, we’ll have great news to report. But certainly the title won Best of Show at both E3 and Gamescom that’s never been done as far as we know in the same year and the buzz is massive. So we’ll wait till consumers tell us what they think. And all our body parts are crossed around here.
Strauss Zelnick: It’s a good question. It’s difficult to say. I think it’s a mix and it’s very hard for us to determine which it is. We think there are 45 million sold but there are billions of people on the face of the earth. So we got plenty of room.
Strauss Zelnick: It is early. They are both fully engaged and I wouldn’t say that at this early point, we have a perspective on difference.
Strauss Zelnick: We’ve always been optimistic about the opportunity with NBA 2K online in China. We now have 24 million registered users. It continues to generate revenues and profits for us. We are very-very happy about it. In terms of Tencent and the NBA, two very big important organizations, we have relationships with both. And I will let them comment on their own activities. Probably better not for me to do so.
Strauss Zelnick: Just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are very gratified by the results. Once again, how we do around here is generated first and foremost by 2,000 highly creative people who dedicate their lives to working here under our auspices and partnership with us and we couldn’t be more grateful for their activities. And of course, they are supported by an equally dedicated group of people who market and distribute those products. And then people who make sure that the trains run on time right here, including people sitting with me today. We are phenomenally proud of what our team collectively has built here at Take-Two. We are all grateful to have an opportunity to work here and we are happy to be able to deliver these results for ourselves, for our colleagues and for our shareholders. So, thanks so much for joining us today.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, Mike, It’s Karl. In terms of legacy or old gen products, we are still seeing very robust demand for our current gen -- our legacy gen product. We have heard a lot of rumors, not rumors but of anecdotes that people having very difficulty selling through. We are not experiencing that. I think it speaks to the quality of our products. That being said, without a doubt, as we go forward and the next generation continues to grow, and we expect it to, and we are excited about it. It’s inevitable that sales of legacy gen are going to decline over time. How quickly that happens, remains to be seen. I can tell you right now, we still see a robust market for legacy gen products and we’ll continue to put them out as far as long as we make -- as it makes sense. Can you repeat your question on Starships again? I didn’t quite pick up the whole thing.
Karl Slatoff: It’s Karl. In terms of the channel inventory, right now I think you specifically asked about GTA and NBA. We were very pleased obviously with our selling and also sell-through. So we don’t see any of those channel inventory issues at all on any of our products. So that’s not a concern of ours. And I think our retailers are very happy with our sell-through in general and again speak to the quality of our titles and the strong season we had over the holidays. And in terms of the new Borderlands title, we have not announced the date for that.
Karl Slatoff: Yeah. I mean, I imagine it does but I really don’t have any real clear perspective to give you there. But it certainly makes intuitive sense that it would.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, Stephen. It’s Karl. Yes, the GTA online will be available with the release of PC. I think the last component was one of the differences between the two.
Lainie Goldstein: Yeah. For the digital business, we do continue to see it growing quarter-over-quarter. It depends on what the mix of the overall business is, but we do see the digital business in general growing. And as we focus more on recurrent consumer spending, we’re seeing higher margins come from that business, so that continues to grow. We expect our digital margin as a whole to continue to grow as well.
Lainie Goldstein: The digital, so we talked about in this quarter that 23% of the quarter was digital business, 36% of it was for recurrent consumer spending and we don’t breakout this pieces of the recurrent consumer spending, but the majority of it came from the GTA Online was our biggest component. And then the remainder of the digital, the full game downloads is approximately 50% of overall total sales for the quarter.
Lainie Goldstein: Okay. For the FX impact on the quarter was immaterial and in terms of looking forward with the FX changes, we are pretty much naturally hedged everywhere. So we do have a hedging program to our cover our balance sheet items. But in terms of our overall operations we have a natural hedge that we feel very comfortable with.
Lainie Goldstein: So for the full game download, we don’t break that out on a title by title basis. But you are correct. It is the fifth title during the quarter, being a PC title is heavily weighted towards digital and that would drive that full game download percentage higher specifically in this quarter. And when we talk about the GTA Online this quarter is essentially been rising each quarter and it has been up from last year. We also introduced it on to the next-gen this quarter. So that also drove more online revenue and virtual currency revenue, as well as updates during this quarter.
Lainie Goldstein: On $250 million convert matures in 2016, it doesn’t make sense economically right now for us to take it out until that time, but we continue to evaluate options to see if there is an opportunity to make any changes to our capital structure. And when it makes sense, we will do so.
