Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that during the first quarter, we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth, driven by robust demand for our recent releases and catalog as well as better-than-forecasted recurrent consumer spending. Our solid earnings converted into significant cash flow, and at quarter end, we had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and short-term investments.  Nearly 2 years after its record-shattering launch, Grand Theft Auto V continues to outperform expectations. On April 14, Rockstar Games brought this groundbreaking title to PC with a number of enhancements, generating stellar reviews and strong digitally-delivered sales. In addition, we've benefited from ongoing demand for the console versions of Grand Theft Auto V, particularly as the installed bases of PlayStation 4 and Xbox One expand. To date, Grand Theft Auto V has sold-in more than 54 million units worldwide. And Rockstar Games is successfully driving engagement with the title and meaningful incremental profits through the release of new content for Grand Theft Auto Online, which I'll discuss shortly. NBA 2K15 continues to broaden its global audience and build on the franchise's trend of annual growth. Sell-in of the title has crossed the 7 million unit mark and surpassed NBA 2K14 during the same period after launch. And NBA 2K15 has generated substantial revenue growth over last year's release, driven in part by high-margin recurrent consumer spending. Our first quarter results were also enhanced by a diverse array of other recent releases and catalog titles. Standouts include the Borderlands series, particularly The Handsome Collection; WWE 2K15; and Evolve. We continue to capitalize on our industry's transition towards digital distribution. During the first quarter, our digitally delivered revenue increased 139% to $254 million and represented 69% of our total net revenue. This result was driven by growth in full game downloads and recurrent consumer spending, both of which exceeded our outlook. Recurrent consumer spending represented a significant component of our overall business mix, accounting for 25% of our total net revenue in the first quarter.  Grand Theft Auto Online was once again the single largest contributor as Rockstar Games has driven sustained engagement through the ongoing release of free content updates, most recently The Ill-Gotten Gains Updates Part 1 and Part 2, which were launched in June and July, respectively. Roughly 70% of Internet-connected Grand Theft Auto V users have played Grand Theft Auto Online, and the active user base continues to grow, with average monthly active users for calendar 2015 to date up more than 40% versus calendar 2014.  In addition, virtual currency for NBA 2K was an important part of our digitally delivered success. Revenues grew by 54% year-over-year, benefiting both from online console play and strong engagement with the MyNBA 2K15 companion app. Downloadable add-on content is also a key element of recurrent consumer spending. The leading contributors in the first quarter were offerings for the Borderlands series and Evolve. Finally, our results benefited from the enduring popularity of WWE SuperCard, which has been downloaded more than 7.5 million times, and sustained growth from NBA 2K Online in China, which now has 27 million registered users and continues to be the #1 PC online sports title in China. Expanding our revenue from recurrent consumer spending is a key strategic focus for our organization and an important high-margin growth opportunity. We now anticipate that revenue from recurrent consumer spending will grow in fiscal 2016 and represent an increased percentage of our total business mix versus last year. Fiscal 2016 is off to a solid start and promises to be another year of substantial non-GAAP earnings and positive cash flow for Take-Two. Our ability to project significant profits this year with a lighter release schedule reflects that our company is now structurally a higher-margin enterprise than at any time in our history. Today, Take-Two is a global interactive entertainment leader with the industry's top creative talent, a diverse portfolio of critically acclaimed and commercially-successful franchises and a solid financial foundation. We're better positioned than ever to deliver growth and margin expansion in future years and returns for our shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Karl. 
Strauss Zelnick: And Ben, regarding the M&A environment, I think we see that as unchanged. As you know, market prices are robust for certain companies in our space. And I think that reflects the fact that this is a growth area in the entertainment business, and certain companies are doing very well indeed. We tend to be very disciplined. We're looking for accretive opportunities, and we're very focused on value. But we don't really see any changes there. From our point of view in terms of cash, we increased our cash balance this quarter because operations generated free cash flow. That's certainly good news. We're reporting roughly $1.2 billion in cash. When we account for our converts, those will be satisfied with equity. So on that basis, respectively, it's all net cash as well. So our view on that is the cash in our business can be a strategic asset. It allows one to be opportunistic and it supports the company that operates within a business that does offer some risk. So we do see it as a strategic asset that will allow us to avail ourselves of both internal and external growth opportunities as they come about. In terms of use of cash, we said there'll be 3 potential uses: first, to support organic growth. This company story is an organic growth story -- largely; second, to avail ourselves of inorganic opportunities, I just addressed that; and third, to return capital judiciously to shareholders; and we do have an open authorization for a buyback from our board. So I think it'll fall within those 3 buckets; this is obviously a high-class problem to have. 
Strauss Zelnick: And then in terms of the percentage of our business reflected by digital downloads as opposed to physical sales, we do see that growing over time. The first quarter was disproportionately high because of the release of Grand Theft Auto V for PC, which tends to be a heavily downloaded format. But we also see the percentage growing for consoles over time, and I don't think we're quoting a specific figure. 
Strauss Zelnick: We're blessed that we have 2 distinct labels at this company, and multiple studios with a lot of talent. We do not have a tech sharing environment; very congenial company, but we don't think that's the best way to get the best out of our development folks. It's not the way it works around here. Mafia III is a completely different experience. I wouldn't compare it to anything else out there. The reveal was great, but it stands alone. And no, we don't use any other game in the same sense as Grand Theft Auto. It is the industry's standard-bearer. It's not up for comparison. So no, I think it's flattering to even think that might be the case, but it's not. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's early in the year. We're really -- we're very happy with the way the first quarter penciled out. We have a lot of other cards to turn over. We've got, obviously, the big release in the second quarter with NBA 2K16. We're really excited about that, but it is early days yet on the thanks [ph]. It's a really good start, and we continue to believe we have a lot of work to do. And we also have a great deal of opportunity. 
Strauss Zelnick: We'd like to thank everyone who attended the call today for their attention, for the great questions, and we do appreciate your continued support. Thanks so much. 
Lainie Goldstein: We probably -- we don't show that. But the GAAP, the way the internal royalties is calculated is a little different than what we're doing with the non-GAAP, where the non-GAAP financials and the EPS associated with that is going to follow along with the overall profitability of the business. And the internal royalties would be calculated based on the overall profitability of the business and that profit share at that point in time. 
Lainie Goldstein: So the accelerated amortization of the capitalized development expenses that we've talked about, the amount is about half of what the margin effect was in the quarter. So we're not talking about what specific titles that is for, but that's announced. And what's driving that is, on each quarter, we look at the estimates of lifetime titles of our sales, and it will adjust the capitalized development costs, the amortization for it based on what those estimates are, whether it's up or down. 
Lainie Goldstein: Your first question on the digital business, we do expect the margins to continue to grow as we continue to get our digital business getting bigger and bigger. But what percentage that's going to be, it's a little early to say, but we expect it to keep -- to continue to grow over the long term. 
Karl Slatoff: Brian, it's Karl. They're -- obviously, all of those titles have significant -- are significant contributors to our digital sales, both as digital download and in recurrent consumer spending. We don't have any details to provide you specifically across games -- game-to-game, but we can tell you, in general, it's growing across all of our franchises. 
Karl Slatoff: Mike, it's Karl. I think, first and foremost, our -- the intention of all labels in our studios is to create products that people really want to enjoy and that will delight consumers. So that's first and foremost. Whenever we're thinking about the development pipeline, it's how can we create franchises. The best way to create a franchise is to create great product. That being said, I would say, pretty much across the board, every one of our releases on a go-forward basis should have some kind of recurrent consumer spending opportunity. There may be some titles where it doesn't make sense. But again, that's a creative decision as much as it is a business decision. But there is no -- I don't think there are any specific genres where it doesn't play well. If you look at some of the titles today that we're -- from which we're generating recurrent consumer spending, they couldn't be more diverse. So I think it's fair to say that, that's a focus for us across all of our titles, and I don't think that there's any set rules in terms of genres, et cetera. 
Karl Slatoff: Drew, in terms of Battleborn, again, our -- whenever we pick a release window for any of our titles, it's really 2 specific things. It's when the title is ready, when is the best time for us to optimize it from a creative perspective and then when do we think the right window is for that title given what's in the market and also given the natural consumer patterns of -- purchasing patterns over the years. I would say that it's really more the former. The most important decision that we make is, is the title ready, is it the best creative -- are we putting our best creative foot forward when we're releasing a title. That's always primary. And then we'll look at it and we'll say, is there an open window -- given that, is there an open window that we can utilize? And I think, pretty much across the board, there aren't many months in a year where we feel uncomfortable releasing a title. Most of our titles stand amongst themselves. We don't necessarily need a holiday to drive our spending because these are very high-quality AAA titles that are tent-pole releases in and of themselves. And then in terms of DLC for GTA V, we really don't have anything to say about that today. 
