Strauss Zelnick: Thanks,  Justin. We're increasing the financial outlook based on our better-than-expected results for the first quarter and our strong release schedule for the remainder of the year, including obviously Grand Theft Auto V, our NBA title, our WWE title and our catalog titles and the rest of our release schedule, so it's looking very sound. In terms of our share count, remember our share count is driven by cap accounting, that means we have to include things like unvested options. It also varies depending on whether we're in a profit or a loss quarter. It also varies with regard to the accounting for our converts. And the answer is based on this most recent financing, our share count really hasn't changed very much at all, and we feel the small change is actually swamped by the reduction in the interest cost and the benefit of the incremental capital in our balance sheet. In terms of other steps to reduce the share count, I think the real question is, what steps are we taking to increase value per share and the value of the company overall? And those steps, we outlined them some years ago and we've been trying to execute against. Primarily, what we've tried to do is diversify the product offerings of the company, be a market leader in terms of the quality of our intellectual property and the quality of our individual leases for those franchises. Every year since 2007, we've released a multimillion unit, new intellectual property, we'd like to keep doing that. We've expanded our offerings around the world. We've gotten into mobile business and other businesses, including the MMO business in Asia. And we've really been a leader in innovating for product offerings, whether that's in-game payments or free-to-play games in Asia with partners. We need to keep doing more of that. The fact is, today, we reported over $600 million of cash on our balance sheet and an outlook of -- for making $2.25 to $2.50 a share in non-GAAP earnings. And we've also said, importantly, that we expect the following fiscal year to be profitable and to be profitable for the foreseeable future. If we're able to achieve that and we have a good deal of confidence that we can, then the value of the company and of all those shares will -- should increase. And that's certainly our hope and expectations. 
Strauss Zelnick: We  don't talk about specific preorders, but I will tell you that the outlook is great and the feedback directly from retail is terrific. And obviously, the release that this whole company is focused on worldwide is Grand Theft Auto V. And we're very proud of the fact that we are one company, even though we have a relatively far-flung group of employees in multiple locations all over the world. We all pull together to get behind  all of our tentpole releases. And retail's our most important partner, it still represents the bulk of our revenues. Feedback, including the feedback driven by preorders, has been nothing short of extraordinary. However, we don't discuss the specific numbers. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes.  We've -- for Grand Theft Auto IV, we've sold in about 25 million units inception to date. I don't have the first-year numbers at the tip of my tongue. Although, I guess, the answer is that -- Hank does. So we sold through about 8.5 million units the first month, that's about 11 million units within the first month of launch in 2008, just putting in context. But the more important point is that we've sold in 25 million units of GTA IV inception to date and still selling now, this many years later, and the entire franchise has sold in about 125 million units, over 125 million units. So -- and it's also worth noting that the install base today of the platforms for which we're releasing is roughly triple it was when we launched GTA IV. That isn't to say that we'll see a straight line to results, but this massive install base at the time when we think consumers are hungry for Grand Theft Auto V is very good news indeed. In terms of digital content, we're going to let Rockstar Games talk about digital plans for the title. That's the appropriate place for us to talk about to what we're doing for the product and what we're doing for marketing. But suffice it to say that we've been a leader in digital add-on content in the quarter that we just released. Our biggest contributor revenue was downloadable add-on content for Borderlands 2, and we think we really do have a point of view about how best to delight consumers not just at the time of the initial release, but also on an ongoing basis. And what we've learned is that downloadable content does not work for every title in the market, it doesn't even work for all of our titles. It works when we put out something really great and then we put out more stuff that people really, really like. And once again, it comes back to delighting consumers. That is Rockstar Games' specialty. That is what Grand Theft Auto V is all about, a delightful consumer experience that we think is going to amaze everyone who plays it. And you'll stay tuned, but we feel really good about it. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well,  we're at a different point in the console cycle, Mike, and there's no doubt that attach rates are lower at the tail end of the console cycle, in general. Because if they weren't, then I'd be telling you that we're going to -- I mean, I guess, I'd extrapolate and so that we expect we'd sell 75 million units of GTA V, which will be lovely, but we're not saying that today and are -- obviously, our financial outlook does not reflect that number. Why do attach rates decline? Because this is a sine-curve business. And when people get new hardware, they overconsume as they get used to having a hardware they underconsume. It's always been the nature of the business for nearly 30 years, and I don't really expect it to change. That said, we're putting out an extraordinary experience, and we do think that avid players and even casual players who own these consoles and some who currently who don't own the consoles will own this title, and we'll be there to serve and meet their needs. 
Strauss Zelnick: Oh  no, it's not near 0. We definitely have full-game digital downloads, and they're meaningful to us. And obviously, we'll let the console companies talk about their own policies. They set them and we adhere to them, because they're our partners and that's the business that they're in. But our own view is that meeting consumers where they are is the best way to run the business. And then you want to make sure that your policies reflect the way people like to consume product. We've always been ecumenical about platforms, channels, geographies and business models. We are not a rule-based company. Our goal is to delight consumers. And the way we do that this by being flexible, bringing them the best products wherever they are on whatever platform they want to consume it. So we are -- we try to be good partners with the console makers, they are our bread and butter. We support them as they do us. We recognize that they set these policies, and we encourage the policies to be as open-minded as possible. But you can rest assure that we will always be, in our view, a leader in being flexible and consumer-friendly within the purview of the policies that the console makers set. 
Strauss Zelnick: We  don't really break it out, but we did say that the biggest drivers were full-game downloads and downloadable content. But apart from that, we don't break it out with more specificity. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes.  I mean, the second question first. The console -- the tablets still aren't  powerful enough to run our console titles in their full experiences and the way they want. But that we think that's just a moment in time. We think that if you believe in Moore's Law, and we do, it's a matter of just a couple of years before tablet will be a terrific entertainment platform. It already is a great entertainment platform for watching a TV show or watching a movie. We do need an outboard controller that becomes sort of an industry standard that works for consumers. But I have every reason to believe that a tablet will be a great game platform, and we'll be right there. I do think we're a couple of years away. To your point about pricing, we don't tend to spend a lot of time talking about pricing. The truth is that consumers pay for what's of value to them. And obviously, we create a product that's very expensive to make in market, and its price point reflects the intersection of those 2 things. If -- there really is no reason why if you deliver great experience on tablet, we should be price limited. But if we were, we'd have to figure out a different business model, and we're pretty flexible people and we -- I'm sure we'd be able to do that. So we'll listen to consumers and we'll give them what they want. And obviously, the experience that we currently deliver to consoles has a certain price, and it also has a certain cost. And if consumers push back on the individual bite size of a price because it's on a tablet, that wouldn't make very much sense. But if that happened, we could work within those parameters as well by altering and tailoring our product offering. In terms of the console cycle, we're quite optimistic. We don't share our projections or expectations, and we've only announced one title so far, which is the NBA title for next-gen. So we really haven't talked a whole lot about it but, yes, we are pretty optimistic and we're going to leave projections to the analysts. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes.  And in terms of the write-down for software cost, capitalized software cost, we're not providing more clarity on that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Look,  it's possible that we are going to find that developing for this next-gen will be more efficient. It's possible to find that it's easier to develop for multiple platforms simultaneously, it remains to be seen. The bulk of our timing of releases though has been driven by making sure that we put out really great titles and making sure that we don't overwhelm audiences and burn out our franchises. Our goal is to try to create permanent franchises, that's the unique goal in the industry. Our competitors do not see it that way. Our competitors' view is that our franchise will have a certain life, and at the end of that life, you move onto the next thing, so you better make hay while the sun shines. Our view is to the contrary. The best franchises are  permanent franchises. Outside of our business you can look at James Bond, for example. And it's been our goal not just to preserve and grow the Grand Theft Auto franchise, but also to build other franchises that we think can be permanent, whether that's the Red Dead franchise or the Borderlands franchise or the BioShock franchise or others, Civilization, for example. So I don't -- I think in certain instances, we'd like to see releases paced a little more closely together. I don't really think next-gen is going to change the production approach sufficiently that, that will be the difference that makes the difference. 
Strauss Zelnick: We  have a healthy respect for our competition. We don't take anything for granted. We're fond of saying that we think arrogance is the enemy of continued success. We're always looking over our shoulders and not because we are worried about someone eating our lunch, but because we're worried about making sure that we always provide the best experience to consumers, that we're always known as the standard bearer for what is the very best in interactive entertainment. And to do that, we have to be mindful of what our competitors are doing and what our consumers want, and always give them what they want and then some and to do so at a fair price. So we have the highest weighted average Metacritic ratings in the business, and yet we know we can always do more. Our basketball title, for example, is the highest-rated sports title in the business. It has been for 12 years the #1 basketball title, and yet we still want to do more. We're very self-critical, we're always trying to push the envelope. So are we worried about our competition? Yes. But what are we focused on? We focus on our own knitting, making sure that we do is the very best. 
Strauss Zelnick: We  don't -- our free-to-play business is largely limited to Asia, and that business is developing nicely, as Karl mentioned. We expect it to be a meaningful contributor going forward, but it's already turning into a profit contributor, which is also nice. That business has really unfolded exactly as expected. We mitigated our risk and the risk didn't materialize, and we're being unique to see the reward. But outside of Asia, we basically have business for which people pay for, and that's through pretty much across the board for us. We're open-minded about business models. Free-to-play is a business model, in the states, has been pretty checkered. If you take a look at how some of our competitors have done that have tried to play in that space, there was a brief moment in the sun and that moment has clearly passed. We were highly skeptical that, that business, had been said so publicly. And in any case, it was not an area which we had great expertise. So we continue to play in the mobile space, the bulk of those games are sold. And we continue to be open-minded about business models as they develop. 
Strauss Zelnick: Just  we'd like to thank our shareholders and everyone else for attending the call today. We appreciate the support. We feel like we're off to a good start. We have a lot of wood to chop for the remainder of the year, but things are looking very positive and promising. So thank you very much. 
Karl Slatoff: Ben,  it's Karl. In terms of GTA marketing, again, this is really something that Rockstar is better first to talk about than we are. But look, we have a lot more of arcane tools at our at disposal than we did back when GTA IV launched. I mean, online is a much bigger component of most marketing budgets, not just ours, but across the industry. There's also other outlets there's -- that we use. I mean, we're very heavy in retail, preorders are a big part of our marketing strategy. So there are some differences. But rest assured, the Rockstar folks have put together an incredibly comprehensive marketing program that ties in all of our marketing partners, including third-party media sources and retail as well. In terms of the digital content plays, that is something that we're just -- we're ultimately impressing [ph] lifetime value of consumers, et cetera, that's something that we just don't discuss. 
Karl Slatoff: In  terms of allocating dev across current-gen, next-gen, we're obviously not going to tell you that specifically. But we can tell you that we're supporting both next-gen and current-gen consoles significantly. 
Karl Slatoff: I'll  take the Activision piece first. I think there's been any affect at all in our relationship with Tencent based on their investment in Activision. So that's a pretty easy one. In terms of NBA 2K14, can you repeat that question again? I think I missed it. 
Karl Slatoff: Okay.  In terms of September quarter, there wouldn't be, because the game isn't released in September. And in terms of our expectations versus the last one, obviously, we're very excited about -- the great thing about 2K is that the NBA, that VC team of it, every single release, they're pushing themselves. Strauss talked about competition and always looking over our shoulder just to see who's behind us. And in fact, the team in Visual Concepts has always been doing competition against themselves. And every iteration they try to take the game to the next level. And this NBA 2K14 is no exception. So obviously, we're very excited about the release. We've got a great marketing plan around it. We've got a great deal with LeBron, so we think we're going to generate product consumer buzz, and we have very high expectations for the title. In terms of specifics, can't give you those. 
Lainie Goldstein: And  for the cash at the end of the year, we don't provide cash flow projections, but we are going to be cash flow positive for the remainder of this fiscal year. 
Lainie Goldstein: So  for the OpEx, specifically to this quarter, the beat over last quarter was due to the onetime write-off that we -- or the onetime contractual obligation that we had last year. And then for the full year, it's just an overall mix of where we're seeing the business, in bottoms up, we forecasting for the remainder of the year. 
Lainie Goldstein: I'll  take the first part of the question on the cash balance. We did mention that we don't provide cash flow projections, but we plan to be cash flow positive for the remainder of the year. 
