Lainie Goldstein: Well, Eric, let me start with the guidance for next year. So the $2 to $2.25 is based on the new non-GAAP metrics, and that's what we'll be using going forward. So that compares to $1 to $1.25 that we gave out on our last call. And the sales is up slightly, and that's driven by our Q1 results and our increased recurrent consumer spending and that's offset by some additional marketing expense in the year. 
Lainie Goldstein: If you take a look at the press release, you'll see where we broke out, what the deferred revenues are, the deferred cost of goods sold, and then what that impact is on the net income, and that will help you reconcile it. 
Lainie Goldstein: Let me address first on the guidance for fiscal year '17. So we did keep the bottom line the same, as we said, and the revenue is higher, and that is being offset by the marketing expenses. In terms of conservatism, it's still pretty early in the year. We have several titles still to be released, including Mafia III, NBA, WWE and Civilization VI. So it's still early in the year, we're pleased with the first quarter and we'll have to see how the rest of the year pans out for us. 
Lainie Goldstein: So yes, it is flattish from this year to last year. And it's driven by our release schedule that we have coming up for the rest of the year. We have Mafia III coming out, NBA, WWE, we have Civilization VI and some other titles. So it's being -- we have a very heavily weighted fall season. And that should -- that would make up the difference for the year. 
Lainie Goldstein: I don't have that in front of me, but if you follow up with us after the call, we could get back to you. 
Strauss Zelnick: Okay. And Eric, if you have follow-up questions, you can give Hank or Lainie a call, we'll be happy to go through it, and that would be true for anyone else on the call as well. And this is Strauss. On Mafia III at E3, yes, we had a great show. We're really excited about it. We're really proud of the way we showed of the title. And what can I say? Something like 60 awards -- 60 accolades and 12 awards, and enormous buzz, lots of press and that's one of the things -- one of the many things that E3 is good for. So this is a title that we put a lot of investment in and in terms of development and marketing, both current and upcoming, and we have high hopes for it. So stay tuned. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, and then, Ben, in terms of Mafia III coming out of the show, I think we were highly optimistic going into the show, and if anything more so after the show. We already have a very significant marketing budget against the title, as we do for all of our AAA releases, but we do try to structure our marketing budgets flexibly so as we learn more, we can adjust them. But I think it's safe to say that we're really stepping up and getting behind this title because we really believe in it. To your point on GTA Online and other releases, you know I -- you're obviously very expert in these matters and you and I have talked about them. But we are -- we, like our competitors, are trying hard to be expert in reaching the consumer wherever the consumer is, and social media is a great way to do that, but you do have to be a very expert in the area. And I think we are increasing that expertise of the company broadly, and in both of our labels, and you're seeing that in our results. So what drives the results of any given title, GTA Online included, is how it speaks to consumers and it's the creativity in the title and the extraordinary experience of that game, and that experience that has drive record results in the quarter. I know we said we expected results to moderate and they haven't, we had record results again. And certainly marketing plays a role in that. But at the end of the day, of course, the product itself it is what speaks to the consumer and the marketing is getting that message out. It's our job to do A+ work with both. And I think around here, we always feel like we can do more. But yes, I think we have made some progress in social media marketing. 
Strauss Zelnick: Tim, it's a fair question. And I think one has to be careful with the success we've had because we've launched at least 1 new hit IP every year -- nearly every year since 2007, not every year but nearly every year. And obviously, that's why we have titles like Red Dead and titles like Borderlands and BioShock and more recently why we were able to add WWE to the mix, Shaun, because of that willingness, that openness and frankly, our risk profile. And we are capitalizing now to take on that risk. So tempting as it maybe to rest on our laurels, and we do have 11 franchises that have each sold over 5 million units in individual release. There's something like 60, that have sold, I think, 2 million units at least -- 60 releases that have sold at least 2 million units. It's tempting to do that. But of course, at the end of the day, you run the risk that they -- that the enterprise doesn't grow in that circumstance. So while one would -- one definitely has a reduced risk profile when you put out a sequel versus new IP, I think it's both our obligation and our opportunity to do both. How we do that is an open question. And there are opportunities to moderate risk, and so doing. And also, the world allows you now -- the world of interactive entertainment allows you now to have more than 1 bite of the apple. So with regard to Battleborn, we're being very frank about where we are because we're a transparent company. We're still delivering new content to Battleborn. Audiences love Battleborn. We still have virtual currency coming from Battleborn. We are not counting it out for a minute. We're just telling you where we're at now. And equally, we just launched Evolve Stage 2, which is another way to express the IP of Evolve. And we've had over 1 million people sign up to play Evolve Stage 2, and that's super exciting. So the world has changed. It's unforgiving in that we invest a lot of money in new IP. It's much more forgiving in that we can have consumers be part of our release, we can iterate with them, we can come back and play another day. And if your watchword is quality, they're great opportunities. Say what you will, the consumer's actually really have said great things about Battleborn, as have the critics. So we're still encouraged by our approach to bringing back beloved sequels while creating new intellectual property. And we do have to be careful, of course, to balance our investment and our risk with the opportunity. And that's -- there's a little bit of a science in there, a little bit of art in there, but that's one of the things we do every day. 
Strauss Zelnick: Honestly, if the political season hasn't taken away activity, I certainly don't think the Olympics will. Consumers really love what we have to offer. And when consumers love entertainment, they consume a lot of it. It does not appear to be substitutable. So, no. Exciting as the Olympics may be, I don't think it will affect us even in the smallest way. 
Strauss Zelnick: We would just like to thank everyone for joining us today. We had a good solid quarter, a great start for the year. We've revised our revenue outlook up. We're highly optimistic about what will be one of our strongest fall and holiday release schedules ever. And we want to thank all of our shareholders, for their continued support. 
