Strauss Zelnick: Look, engagement is very stable. We got a lot of terrific hit titles at Zynga. It's what we like about the company. Unlike many mobile businesses of this kind of scale, our bookings are not concentrated in two or three titles. We have more than 10 big titles and more coming. So engagement is incredibly solid. We are seeing some pressure on in-game spending. We also have a great story in advertising bookings because our advertising bookings are up mid-double digits year-over-year. And so there are plenty of bright spots in the business as well. The most important spot, people love mobile games. They love our mobile games, they continue to play them, and we're seeing no significant change in engagement across our titles. In terms of what I expect to change, look, it's very hard to say. I think that's -- it's anyone's guess what the economy will do. My own opinion, and it's really just one person's opinion, as we're looking -- we should be looking at three to six more months of downward pressure. And I expect by the end of '23, we'll be in good shape.
Strauss Zelnick: It is. We have 87 titles coming across mobile, PC and console. And it's the most robust pipeline we've ever had certainly and one would argue, one of the most robust pipelines in the industry.
Strauss Zelnick: It's driven by the pipeline, of course. So we know what the release schedule is and we feel really good about it. And if we didn't, we wouldn't call for a sequential growth and record results in the next three years. But I understand the frustration. And look, we call it as we see it and I think we're known for that. Had we expected where we were right now, then we wouldn't be guiding down. We're guiding down because things have materialized in a way that's different than our expectations. Some of that is related to pipeline, but frankly, not most of it. Most of it's related to mobile, a significant amount of FX as well. But there have been some modest pipeline shifts. So the good news is those titles are, of course, coming.
Strauss Zelnick: I understand the concern and I understand the question as well. No, we're not seeing any productivity issues, for example. We definitely have very high quality expectations in the bands, and that's reflected in the fact that we're performing across the board. So this company is a hit factory. We haven't had a disappointing release in as long as I can remember. And that's honestly the most important thing. So we would much rather -- if you have to choose, I'd much rather have the situation we're in, which is we've had some delays and we have had to revise down guidance. I'll choose that any day over taking some flops. That's really the key in this business. We've had issues -- I mean, we've been around here long enough to remember them. Where in the past, we had delays in titles and it was ultimately always worth waiting for because when we got to the other side, the results were delivered, and the small amount of the time delay didn't ultimately matter in the context of the results that we were able to deliver. I'm hopeful that will be the case here as well.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. What I was referring to is top and bottom line, so net bookings and income, however you describe EBITDA as a handy measure.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Thanks for your questions. Look, GTA Online and NBA 2K are very different animals. GTA Online has been around for nearly 10 years. It's beloved by a massive audience. GTA V, the underlying title has sold in more than 170 million units. NBA 2K is an annualized release, and so we get an annual snapshot of how virtual currency is doing. Engagement is very high indeed. Virtual currency is up in NBA 2K23. The mobile advertising business, look, these are two different businesses and the vast majority of our net bookings at Zynga comes from in-app purchases still. So yes, we expect the growth rate in advertising probably to exceed the growth rate in in-app purchases, certainly for the next year. Beyond that, I think it's too early to say.
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to Playdots, we've relocated the operations of our successful game, Two Dots to another studio. And yes, that was driven by the integration benefits that we felt we could achieve.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. On the first question, yes, there are a number of early opportunities that we've identified, including our approach directly to the consumer on the mobile business, which is pretty exciting and could generate material benefits. And we're working on a number of properties as well. It will take longer to bring some titles to market but that's super exciting.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's roughly the same number of units year-over-year and virtual currency spending is up. And we don't split out the spending in the different modes for the purpose of this call.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we don't really look at our relations with our colleagues as one of leverage, so we probably wouldn't describe it through that lens. I do think that it's probably going to become easier to hire people when a lot of tech businesses are laying people off. We don't expect a rip and we don't have a hiring freeze. We're always judicious about the people we bring on board. We pride ourselves on being highly efficient, and we believe we are highly efficient now. So I do think that this may make it somewhat easier to hire really talented people, but we wouldn't use these times to apply leverage. We believe that we have great relationships with our workforce and those are terribly important to us.
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to the leak, it was terribly unfortunate and we take those sorts of incidents very seriously indeed. There's no evidence that any material assets were taken, which is a good thing. And certainly, the leak won't have any influence on development or anything of the sort. But it is terribly disappointing and causes us to be ever more vigilant on matters relating to cybersecurity.
Strauss Zelnick: And on the subscription side, look, we've been very cooperative with both Sony and Microsoft on their subscription offerings when it makes sense for us. And my own views have not changed at all since I first started talking about subscription, which is now, I want to say, probably four years ago. The interactive entertainment business is very different than the linear entertainment business. People consume far fewer hours of interactive entertainment in a given month than they do of linear entertainment. And within that consumption, there are far fewer titles consumed in interactive entertainment than there are with linear entertainment. So I, at least, pose the question as to whether subscription makes as much sense for interactive entertainment as it does for linear entertainment and registered some skepticism, which I still hold. I think the second area of skepticism was whether it made sense -- and this is a rhetorical question because I think the answer is no, to offer frontline titles [day and day] with titles on a subscription service. I don't think that ever made sense. I still don't think it makes sense. And I believe that it's now becoming obvious that it doesn't make sense. It's just a lost opportunity for the publisher. So I wouldn't want to speak for my friend, Phil, but our views remain unchanged. There probably is a subscription business. It's a catalog business. It's probably best aimed at very avid consumers because those are the consumers who are interested in playing catalog titles, implying a whole bunch of different titles in a given month. But I don't think it's a mass market service that supplants the interactive entertainment business as we know it at all. And I don't think there's any evidence to the contrary so far.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In terms of mobile, from a macro perspective, I think that you're right. There's a difference between user acquisition and retention and conversion. And on user acquisition, I think we and everyone else is just going to be a bit more selective to drive efficiency. And in terms of retention and conversion, that's a reflection of people just not having to spend mobile. You can enjoy a title without spending in-game. 90-plus percent of consumers do not spend in-game. And so at times when consumers are feeling the pressure of higher prices for fuel and food, for example, they may be less likely to spend money on entertainment, especially when you can have the experience anyhow. So in terms of our expectations, I think this is -- it's a moment where we will, in fact, tune up our UA spend to become more efficient. That's a good thing. And yes, we will probably see some pressure on in-game purchases for a period of time. As I said earlier in the call, not that I think you can underwrite to this because it's just 1 person's opinion, I think there'll be pressure for three to six months at least that's driven by the economy and geopolitical factors. And I'm hoping that by the end of '23 -- I believe that by the end of '23, things will normalize and will be on an upward swing again. And Lainie will take the question about buybacks.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. At any given time, we're always reviewing our portfolio, both in terms of the performance of the current titles and the potential for new titles that we're working on. And Frank and his team are very focused on making sure to optimize the current title lineup and to make sure that our development for new titles is as effective and poised for success as it possibly can be. Good news is we have a terrific lineup of great titles and our mobile titles all make money.
Strauss Zelnick: I think it's a great question, thank you. And I think the bottom line is you're probably not going to convert a console player to become a mobile player. You have to appeal to a mobile player. And we believe that legacy IP, when properly developed as a great title, can do just that. But it's not a SLAM DUNK by any means. It's still got to be a great game. But you're not going to convince someone who never plays a mobile title to play a mobile title just because it's based on console IP.
Strauss Zelnick: Want to thank everyone for joining us today. I want to say thanks particularly to our dedicated team of colleagues all around the world who continue to do a great job. While it would be nice always to have the best possible news in an upward sloping curve, this is a business that occasionally does present us with challenges. This team is well suited to challenges. We have a great pipeline, we have a great team. We have the ability to deliver, and we wish you all a great holiday season. Thank you joining us. And thank you for your support.
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. So really, what it means to us, what we're working on building is Zynga and this is what's happening obviously well before we merged with the company, as we're working on building the mobile platform. And one of the most exciting things and obviously, Zynga has got some amazing forever franchises and some great IP and some good titles and some great titles coming out. But a huge part of the value is that platform and the ability to manage the customer life cycle very effectively. And you can see the company investing in that over time and we continue to invest that. And as we bring together the databases across our entire company, that power of data management, particularly in the context of IDFA and some of the challenges that privacy rules may sent to us, the better your data, the broader your data set and the better the bigger and broader your platform and the more capabilities you have in your platform will enable you to mitigate those effects. And we're already seeing some of that. And that's been a focus for Zynga for quite some time, and we're going to continue to invest in that. You saw it with the acquisition of Chartboost, the acquisition of Storemaven, but also bringing all of the Zynga portfolio and the new Take-Two portfolio onto the centralized Zynga platform is going to yield significant results for us.
Karl Slatoff: Yes, there are certainly opportunities to do that. You can make an argument that it's a different kind of a customer. I think there's obviously overlap. There may be some differences. But the fact that you've got a large funnel of players coming into your database always going to be something that's going to help your UA strategy across your entire enterprise and specifically on the mobile side of the business.
Karl Slatoff: Yes, it’s basically we came out with a Championship Edition this year. Every year, we do different marketing packages or different SKUs. We had a particularly successful one this year that features some very prominent basketball players, and that carries a much higher average selling price and that's affecting the ASP. So it really is just sort of -- it's the SKU mix of the title.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. We don't have anything specific to announce right now. And I assume your question is really related, as it relates to releasing Take-Two IP or games, yes. Because obviously, there's a lot of other smaller things we can do with leads, et cetera, and also just the efficiencies about bringing the companies together, T2 mobile and Zynga -- the acquired Zynga component. But yes, there are a lot of conversations going on. There are a lot of ideas flowing back and forth. We don't have anything to announce right now, but those conversations are going very well and they're exciting. When it materializes, it's difficult to assess. The creative process is a very specific process and some of them take longer than others. And the most important thing is that we have game concepts that make sense from a commercial perspective but also from a brand perspective. So the teams are having those conversations for now. So stay tuned.
Karl Slatoff: Right. So I think, look, we don't break -- we're not necessarily breaking that out specifically and I'm not sure that I would characterize that as efficiency, but it certainly would be an interesting measure to look at. And as we said before, we've experienced pretty strong growth in our advertising business and we've had some pressure on in-app purchases. So it stands to reason that, that ratio would probably be going more in favor of the advertising business versus in-app purchases. That isn't necessarily a long-term trend. That's just something that we're seeing in the short run. We fully expect in-app purchases to come back at one point in the future. As Strauss said before, a little hard to gauge that when that may happen, but that is our expectation. So those ratios, I don't believe are necessarily going to be fixed over time or necessarily moving in a specific direction, again, depending on what happens in the broader market.
Karl Slatoff: Yes, I don't think the mix in terms of where we're spending concentrating has changed dramatically based on anything that we've seen in the market. You can certainly expect that day-to-day, quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month, you're going to see variations depending on where media opportunities exist. So I'm sure you're going to see some variation depending on what happens in specific media outlets. But I don't see a broader trend that's pushing us towards any particular asset versus another.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of the legacy Take-Two mobile business versus the Zynga business, I wouldn't necessarily -- I mean, again, we don't really disclose that so I don't think there's any really way try to see that behavior. But I can tell you that we wouldn't look at it that way because there are certain games within the Take-Two legacy portfolio and the games in the Zynga portfolio, some are doing better than others and some are doing great, some are not doing as well. So there's a lot of variation within the portfolio itself. So I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as the T2 mobile businesses are doing better than Zynga or vice versa. It's not really how we look at the business anymore.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. And we're specifically hoping that with the T2 mobile titles, and we're starting to see some of this collaboration happening that we're going to be -- they're going to be able to benefit from the power of the Zynga mobile platform, which has some really interesting opportunities for us to be more efficient and opportunistic in the consumer life cycle management.
Lainie Goldstein: Yes. And for the full year, I mentioned that about 70% of the downward revision is the mobile business and the release slate together, and about $50 million is for the FX currency headwinds.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For -- the changes in release schedule, there are several changes that happened during the quarter. So there was one mobile title from 2K that moved and Gen 8 and Switch versions of the Marvel's Midnight Suns moved into fiscal '24. And also KSP2 has now shifted to early access this year. So those are the major changes in the release schedule.
Lainie Goldstein: So for RCS, we did lower our expectations. Most of it was for mobile since our prior guidance assumed that mobile would experience some improvement in the second half of the year. But we no longer expect that since the current data for the industry and our real-time performance has shown that we think it will lower in the second half of the year. But we are also assuming some softer performance for several of our large non-mobile titles that are meaningful contributors to RCS. So that's why our expectations for RCS are to come down in the second half of the year.
Lainie Goldstein: So Mario, 70% is mobile and the movement in the release schedule, so it's a combination of both of those two items. So it's not only mobile. But you're right, Rollic did outperform in Q2 so that business is doing really well.
Lainie Goldstein: And in terms of the operating expense synergies, we do have some of the synergies with Zynga included in our guide. But in terms of the other areas of efficiencies, we don't have those in our guide yet. We have some ideas that we're looking at. So like on a multiyear basis, we're evaluating our real estate footprint as we adopt flexible work policies. We're also looking at identifying some core functions that we can centralize across our labels, determining the necessity of some opening to hire positions and also negotiating some vendor contracts more effectively across the company. So those are additional opportunities that we're seeing in our cost structure. So we'll be looking at achieving those in the next year or so.
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the guidance for '23 on being conservative or still downside risk, we always guide based on what we know at the time that we know it. So I wouldn't say they're conservative or a risk either way. I feel like we gave the best information that we have at the time that we have it. So it's what we know right now. And hopefully, the -- it gets better, but that's what we feel the numbers are at this time. And in terms of the CAGR and the fiscal -- the numbers that were in the S-4, we generally do not provide long-term growth targets in our normal course of business. We only did that previously because of the pending combination with Zynga. And as you know, the in our business because of the changes in the shifts in the release slate can happen, it really doesn't make sense for us to give long-term numbers on a regular basis. So we've never really done that in the past. But we're really continuing to be very excited about our pipeline of the strong titles that we have, and we have many large-scale projects underway. So the potential of the titles in the pipeline, that has not changed at all. We remain highly confident that they're going to deliver us sequential years of growth and record performance in the next few years. So that hasn't changed. So we really feel great about our numbers in the next few years, as we said.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So we continue to believe in returning value to the shareholders and via share buyback, but we'll only do so when the conditions are right. And obviously, we believe that there is deep value in our market price currently. But in order to do a share repurchase, we would need to do it in an open trading window and also have the optimal capital structure that supports the purchases. So we'll see when it makes sense for us to do it. So that's how we see it.
