Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Justin. Look, we take consumer feedback very, very seriously, indeed. And you're right, there has been some pushback about monetization in the industry. The good news is the title was reviewed extraordinarily well. People love it. And the other news is entertainment is a want-to-have business, not a must-have business. And people, though, ultimately with the usage -- and the usage on the title is up 30% in terms of average daily users. The title itself -- say unit sales were up 20% year-over-year. So people, clearly, are voting that they love NBA 2K18, and the reviews reflect that as well. That said, we are concerned about any perception, any negative feedback, and we're focused on it. We're taking it really seriously. And Lainie will talk about next year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thank you. Look, GTA Online continues to delight consumers, and therefore, our results are also excellent. And Rockstar Games has said they will continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online with content going forward. And then undoubtedly, it's this ongoing robust content creation that continues to delight consumers. There's clearly a community of people who love Grand Theft Auto Online, and once again, we're having a record year. We can't say much more than that except that we're so extraordinarily pleased. And to look further into the future is impossible at this time. With regard to your question on Red Dead, though, I have a strong point of view, which is, look, entertainment competes with every activity and no activity. And to the extent that we are competitive, we compete with all of our own titles and everyone else's titles, too. So I don't think the launch of any new title specifically has a direct effect on an existing title. Any more than someone else launching a competitive title would affect, for example, how one of our titles is doing. If we have something great in the market and we continue to support great content, people will continue to show up. That's historically the case, and certainly that's our aim. So we think Red Dead stands alone. Naturally, we're incredibly excited. I think the whole market is and -- but it will stand alone and succeed on its own merits. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Chris. No, we do not expect moderation in Grand Theft Auto Online in the back half of the year. Looks like it's very strong. And as we said, it will be another record year, which is obviously very gratifying. And on the digital download side for full games, we are continuing to see growth in that area. Obviously, for PC titles, it's over 90%. And for non-PC titles, it's running around 35%, as Lainie said, across the board. 
Strauss Zelnick: So -- and it's a good thing for us. Naturally, we do make more dollars per unit sold digitally, and we have a higher percentage margin. That said, we are where the consumer is. And physical distribution still is the lion's share of our business. 
Strauss Zelnick: So we haven't given that detail yet. There will be a media right associated with the NBA 2K League, and that will be announced in due time. Our crew over there, led by Brendan Donohue, is doing a phenomenal job. We -- Karl talked a little bit about what's coming in 2018. We're super-excited to have teams, have a draft of teams and to have a season with 17 teams participating. More details to come. But obviously, there will be media available and not much more detail to give out right now. 
Strauss Zelnick: We are always adding talent across the company. Our headcount grows, but our headcount grows only on the side of creating great games and great content. That's everywhere on our business. So we -- across the board, we are a growth enterprise, and we are always looking for best and brightest talent. Right now, we're really happy with the content that we're putting out across the board, and we have wonderful people who are responsible for doing that every day. 
Strauss Zelnick: We -- as I said, we're in a growth mode, and we're blessed we get to work with the best and the brightest around the world. It's no secret that hiring phenomenal engineering and artistic talent in the United States is exceedingly challenging. And so we're open-minded about where we may open studios going forward, but we will go where the talent is. This is a worldwide business, and we have a worldwide footprint. So we're -- as I said, we're in growth mode. And I suspect we will be broadening our physical presence to make sure that we are where the talent is. 
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry, it took me -- sorry, I'm a little slow on the uptake today, Mike. The answer is that the marketing is related to the content drops. So as content drops come out as they're significant and meaningful, it's important that we let people know about them. I think the marketing is informative and entertaining, and certainly, we wouldn't do it if we didn't think it had a beneficial impact. But what drives consumption and delight is obviously the content itself. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So in terms of other titles for the Switch from Rockstar, Rockstar hasn't made any announcements yet. And of course, as you know, our labels make announcements about what's coming out. We don't tend to do that on these calls. But clearly, the installed base for Switch has grown rapidly, and it's potentially an exciting platform. We've already put out a title for basketball. So we are supportive of the platform corporately. And in terms of China, look, this is a massive market, as you know. It's also a market that is constrained in any number of ways. I'm hopeful that over time, those constraints will lessen. Intellectual property is a particularly challenging area in China, and we think there's great opportunity. We're thrilled to work with local partners. We're working with Tencent for a long time. They're a wonderful partner on NBA 2K Online, and we've had phenomenal results. So we're happy to work with local partners. I do think it is very important that we have reciprocity in markets, and our markets are wide open. And I think it's important that foreign markets become open. And America's second-biggest export category after aerospace is entertainment. We're not alone in these interests. I will say that we are ready when China is ready, and we think that providing the best quality entertainment on earth is always a benefit to a population. But of course, we feel that way. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Ben. Look, I think the key lesson from GTA online -- remember, we launched that title 4 years ago. So we certainly have learned a lot from what we knew 4 years ago. And one of the things that we learned is if we create a robust opportunity and a robust world in which people can play delightfully in a bigger and bigger way, that they will keep coming back and they will engage and if there's an opportunity to monetize that engagement. And we've announced that there will be an online component to Red Dead. And furthermore, we've said that we aim to have recurrent consumer spending opportunities for every title that we put out at this company. It may not always be an online model. It may not -- probably won't always be a virtual currency model. But there'd be some ability to engage on an ongoing basis with our titles after release across the board. And that's a sea change in our business. In the recurrent consumer spending, it's 42% of our net bookings in the quarter. It's been transformative for us. And the only reason that it's transformative for us is because it's transformative to our consumers. The business that, once upon a time, was a big, chunky opportunity to engage for tens of hours or perhaps 100 hours, has turned into ongoing engagement day after day, week after week. You fall in love with these titles, and they become part of your daily life. And that's immensely exciting, and it's the beginning of the maturation of interactive entertainment as a part of the audiovisual entertainment industry. I just saw a study. The American media day, average media day, is about 22 hours. Obviously, people are sleeping and eating. What it means is they're parallel processing, and they're consuming a lot of different kinds of media. But within that 22-hour day, only about 1.5 hours is interactive entertainment. There's a lot of room for growth. This is just the beginning. In terms of price curve on Grand Theft Auto, we really haven't talked about that, but this has been largely a full-priced business, which is super-exciting. In terms of revenues with regard to the NBA 2K League, we're going to let the league's management talk about that when the time comes. We have said that we have not modeled in or guided against revenues or profits coming from the NBA 2K League. That's not what this is about. This is about creating a brand-new business, a brand-new sport and continuing to grow our footprint in our basketball business and to interact with consumers in that way. Do I think there is a revenue and profit opportunity? Unquestionably. Are we prepared to say more about this at this time? We are not. And finally, on mobile and free-to-play. Yes, all selectively beyond Social Point, there will be opportunities with the rest of our enterprise. As you can see, our success has been driven when we're very selective. We've done very well with the NBA 2K app. We've done phenomenally well with WWE SuperCard. We think there will continue to be opportunities that are driven by existing core intellectual property. So we think we sort of have the one-two punch now, stand-alone, a new intellectual property brought to you by Social Point, intellectual property that is known and beloved, brought to you by the rest of our company. And that's super-exciting to us. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right. So let's distinguish gross margins from operating margins. I assume you're referring to operating margins. On the gross margin side, we're highly competitive. And our gross margins continue to go up, and they're phenomenal. A couple of our competitors account slightly differently. And so it's not necessarily apples to apples. But on apples-to-apples basis, our gross margins are as high as, if not higher than anyone else's. On an operating level, you're absolutely right, our margin -- our operating margins are a bit lower than our 2 biggest competitors. And they need to grow, and it's a matter of scale. But obviously, you can't gain scale and sacrifice success. You have to have successful scale. We can't improve our margins with lost properties. So it's not as simple as just doing more; we have to do better and do more. And what we're focused on here entirely is do better, and that served us incredibly well. The good news is we're in a growth business. You've seen that with our net bookings this year. Lainie talked about our expectations for next year. We have to continue to grow. We have incredibly ambitious people here, both at the corporate level and emphatically at the label level. Everyone's pulling in the same direction. What will cause us to grow? It's continuing to build our collection of the best intellectual property, continuing to attract, retain and lead the best creative talent and continue to focus, first and foremost on, making the consumers happy and meeting consumers' needs. All good things will come from that path. 
Strauss Zelnick: We -- as you know, we don't speak for our labels. We're thrilled to have a setup here where our labels speak to consumers when they're ready. And I think all we can express here is enormous gratitude for the success of Grand Theft Auto Online and the belief in -- enormous belief from Rockstar's ongoing success. 
Strauss Zelnick: All right. So sorry, maybe someone unsatisfying. L.A. Noire has sold in about 7.5 million units over the course of the franchise across the various SKUs, which is terrific. We haven't singled it out going forward from a guidance point of view. We don't typically do that with our titles. And on Grand Theft Auto Online, we don't have any -- we don't share information on specific data around users or attach rates. So we, at this point, pretty much shared the data that we're going to be sharing on Grand Theft Auto Online today. 
Strauss Zelnick: There is unquestionably an opportunity to reengage people based on content drops. And when we drop new content, we see results in terms of engagement, and engagement typically does drive revenue. 
Strauss Zelnick: Rockstar is growing, 2K is growing, Social Point is growing to support the existing opportunities and the new opportunities. And I think we're having success across all of our label groups. We are definitely in growth mode. I'm probably not going to get more granular than that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first of all, I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today. I want to take a moment to thank our colleagues across the company who delivered these phenomenal results. And I want to thank our consumers who support us and are absolutely passionate about what we do. That drives us and excites us and makes us want to come to work every day. On behalf of the company, I'd like to wish all of you a happy and healthy holiday season and a great new year. 
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. For 2019, we are reiterating the guidance that we've given so far on that year. We continue to look at it. We said that we're going to exceed $2.5 billion and exceed $700 million in operating cash flow. So in terms of giving out more detailed guidance and updating that information, I think we would probably look to do that on our May call with our year-end earnings. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the full year, when we look at raising our guidance, we looked at how much we beat the second quarter by, and then we also look at the remainder of the year, and it's reflecting higher expectations for Grand Theft Auto Online, Grand Theft Auto V as well as NBA 2K18. 
Lainie Goldstein: Evan, for full game downloads on new console, we're seeing about 35%. We're not giving it specifically by title, but overall, that's what we're seeing in Q2 for the business. And that's what we would expect to see for the full year. 
Lainie Goldstein: And our catalog is also running at about 50%, and there is a big mix of our catalog business throughout the remainder of the year. 
Michael Hickey: I guess, it's always, I think, hard for you to add too much color to the Rockstar team. But it looks like the -- as it relates to GTA Online, the marketing efforts from the team there as it relates to incremental content coming in seems to have intensified. Curious if that's true. And how impactful do you think that's been for the ongoing success of that game? I have a quick follow-up. 
Michael Hickey: Yes. That was a question. Just curious, the -- it looks like the marketing of additional content for GTA Online has intensified just in terms of some of the trailers and maybe the energy put behind them. Curious if that was true and if that's at all impactful to the success of that game. 
Michael Hickey: Yes. Fair enough. Good. I guess, under the theme of extending your player base, Rockstar is obviously preparing to launch L.A. Noire for the Switch. Curious how you think about the opportunity for other Rockstar content on that platform. And then also, thinking about China, I think you've obviously been seemingly more optimistic over time in terms of getting content into that region. Curious, your thoughts on the potential opportunity of Red Dead being a commercial opportunity in China, especially that pay-to-play model seems to be working with other games. 
