Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So for NBA 2K Online in China and most of our mobile and digital revenue is all booked on a net basis and our physical products are on a gross basis.
Lainie Goldstein: So for guidance with pacing, we're only giving out for Q1 right now. So we're not talking about the rest of the quarters. And for taxes for the full year looking at tax rate of about 27%, which is similar to what we saw last year that can change and vary from quarter to quarter based on discrete items and reserve and also NOL usage. And we are a full tax payer but we do have some NOLs still in the U.S. to use and in foreign. The $70 million in the U.S. and then about $22 million in foreign NOLs.
Lainie Goldstein: We expect digitally delivered revenue to grow in fiscal 2016, both in dollars and in percentage of total revenue. The growth will be driven by increased full game download which will offset a modest decline in revenues from recurrent consumer spending. The digitally delivered content for both traditional and emerging platforms represents an important component of our strategy to drive growth and profits. And we expect to see digitally delivered revenue to grow significantly over time.
Lainie Goldstein: Arvind, in terms of our guidance from last year, when we gave out guidance that is where we thought that was our best estimate at the time when we gave those numbers out. We had a very robust release schedule and everything seemed to blow our expectations which was a fantastic result. And shows in our full year actual. And if you look at GTA V next-gen in our numbers, the install base grew a lot stronger than we thought it was last year and I think that also drove our numbers up as well as digitally delivered offerings and our recurrent consumer spending. When we set our year right now, this is our best estimates based on what we know right now. Of course, we're hopeful to see the same types of results but there is no way for us to know that information now which is why we're guiding to the numbers that we feel comfortable are our best estimates for right now and today. So for GTA V PC, in terms of that being the difference in the units, it's driven by the two consoles, next get, current gent as well as PC and that's why you're saying an uptick in the number on GTA V in general.
Lainie Goldstein: We have a little – because GTA Online is unlike anything else, we have little visibility on how long it will continue its trend of growth. Therefore for purposes of this year's outlook, we've assumed no growth in revenues from GTA for fiscal year 2016.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Hey, it's Strauss, thanks. Look the NBA is – the answer to your question all of the above. We obviously are seeing robust growth in new gen consoles and the title continues to get better and better and the audience continues to grow. And we hope that will continue. And our virtual currency sales are also meaningfully up year-over-year. So it's initial engagement and ongoing engagement which is reflecting recurrent consumer spending. And in terms of what percentage of our revenue is reflected by digital distribution, we really aren't making projections like that but I think what you're seeing here is digitally delivered revenues continue to grow in importance for our company. In the past fiscal year, it's about 37% of our non-GAAP income and about half of that was recurrent consumer spending, business line that didn't even exist for us four years ago. So it's pretty much good news across the board. And digitally delivered revenue is indeed higher margin for us. So our gross margins are now knocking on the door of 50% the past fiscal year that's great news indeed.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yeah. We were actually not giving out any metrics on GTA Online in terms of player engagement. Obviously, we have a lot of data but this line of business still remains relatively new for us. So we are not sharing it at this time. And in terms of the buyback authorization. And it is indeed only an authorization – that's a reflection of our cash position, which is better than obviously than our original guidance was.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yeah, it's not in the quarter obviously, so we've launched GTA for PC in the first quarter of the new fiscal year. In terms of GTA digital, 75%...
Strauss H. Zelnick: No, we haven't discussed any story-based downloadable content. We did talk about the Heists and they've been released.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yeah. Mike, actually the question was posted before you joined the call. So I'll answer in the same way, which is, Rockstar is hard at work on the number of upcoming titles. And remember, our world has changed and that we have GTA Online in the marketplace and that's an ongoing activity of Rockstar and it generates a lot of consumer engagement and it also generates revenue and profits on an ongoing basis. So it was a little bit different than it used to be but make no mistake about it. Rockstar is hard at work on a lot of great stuff.
Strauss H. Zelnick: I'd probably – I'd point any number of things. The first is just the diversification of our product line-up. So every year since 2007, the company as a whole has launched at least one new significant intellectual property. And today we have 10 titles that have each sold over 5 million units for individual release. And over 40 titles that have sold 1 million units. So that's pretty amazing and I think really industry leading and of course some of the largest titles in the industry. One of the other changes is the significant focus on Asia and international markets of course the growth in our basketball business and our sports business and the emergence in growth of recurrent consumer spending across a number of categories. So not just GTA Online which is obviously very, very meaningful but also NBA 2K, NBA 2K Online in China and the like. So the company has been transformed from a geographical point of view, from a product point of view, from a channel point of view, and from the way in which we address the consumer. And let's not leave out the transition of the industry and ourselves to use digitally delivered revenue which has had a knock on effect to the good for our gross margin which is now around 50% in this past fiscal year, which is a very high gross margin indeed. So pretty much across the board we've been transformed. Our balance sheet has also been transformed. And we've been building more in (41:44) cash right now. And we account for our converted (41:48) equity, so effectively that's a $1.1 billion in net cash.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Yeah. Thanks, Stephen. It's a great question. Look, the Asia Pacific market is a very significant area of focus for us. We've done meaningful amount of development there. We've launched titles there. We have a title NBA 2K Online which generates monthly revenue and profits for us. It's been a great piece of business for us. And as you correctly pointed out, we worked with strong partners for much of the region now. We are a publisher in Japan although we have distribution partners there as well. And I think in the past, what you saw was a real allergy to any kind of financial risks. So we entered the region focused on how we could mitigate business risks and financial risk. And I think now we feel a little bit more confident about financial risks because we have a good deal of experience with free to play games and massive multiplier games and a good deal of experience in the region. In fact, I just got back from the trip to the region a little over a week ago with some of my colleagues here, which is relatively a common occurrence for me. So we're feeling better about how we operate there and as you know we're a team that knows what we don't know, when we like to learn things and we're very disciplined as we enter new markets and new lines of business. So in terms of what that means going forward, it varies market by market. I think in the Chinese market, it's pretty likely that we and our competitors are going to have strong local partners, because the media business is an area of meaningful focus for the Chinese government and they really want us to work with strong local partners. I don't really see that changing but it doesn't interfere with our activities. In fact, to the contrary I think it promotes our activities. And Tencent and others have proven to be exceedingly strong partners for us. So I think we're lucky in that way. In some other parts of the region, we absolutely (45:22) ability and if it would make sense to go direct, so that is the possibility but we really don't mind sharing. We're focused on getting the very best possible result. And we're focused on delivering the highest quality of content to consumers and in certain instances, that means it behooves us to work with strong local developers and/or distributors.
Strauss H. Zelnick: Thank you very much for joining us today. We're obviously really proud of the results that we as a company generated in the last fiscal year. I just want to take a minute to thank our creative teams and our creative teams who generate these results, but they do so, by following their passions and we try to create an enterprise that makes it not only safe for them to do so but gives them all the resources they need to follow their passion. That's all we think about every day. And the goal of this enterprise is to be the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient. And this past fiscal year I think reflects the fact that we got closer to that goal than ever before. And we're proud about. We aim do to even better going forward. So thanks for joining us. We really appreciate it.
