Lainie Goldstein: So for the difference in the pre-combination business, we had some shifts in the pipeline for the year. And then there was a movement in the foreign exchange rates. And then there's also the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. So I would say that the shifts in our pipeline were the most meaningful to our numbers. So I would say we had some titles that moved within the year. And that was Marvel Midnight Sun’s and then there was an unannounced title that moved out of the year as well. So I would say definitely the pipeline changes that were the most -- to the change in the guidance.
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the RCS for the pre-combination, we're not really breaking that out anymore. We're really looking at the business overall as one business. But I can tell you that we did outperform NBA 2K 22, Tiny Tina's Wonderland and top 11 versus our guidance for the quarter. So those 3 titles did better than we had expected.
Lainie Goldstein: Sure. There were some movements in their pipeline. There was some changes in the FX rate. The Russia sales were removed from their financials. And then also, there was some overall ad market that the ad market has experienced some pressure. So those are most of the changes that we saw in our numbers over the last few months.
Lainie Goldstein: We're going to manage their business as one combined entity. So therefore, we're not going to break out the Zynga piece for the quarter. So it's not been our practice to break out our results for the -- with our prior acquisitions. So we're not going to do that here as well.
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of the changes in the -- in our guidance, it's -- when we're looking at our OpEx, there's an increase in terms of our expenses from Zynga, but then also in terms of against our guidance. We have some lower marketing and some lower headcount expenses due to less new hires due to timing. So that's the big changes between our operating expenses between this guidance and last guidance.
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of debt reduction, we have a strong cash flow. The business will be generating a lot of cash this year. We look at paying down as much debt it makes sense to at the end of the year. But at the same time, we look at acquisition opportunities as well. So if there's something that makes sense for us to buy during the year, we would also look to do that. So I'd love to see what it looks like at the end of the year based on what the needs are during the rest of the year.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. There's a lot there. We are seeing some softness in the mobile market. The good news is, I think we're doing better than most, if not all. And I think we're seeing an offsetting increase in our market share. I think the reason we're seeing probably a bit more softness in mobile than in console is in console to participate you have to buy. And in mobile, by definition, you're in a free-to-play environment. You can play without paying if you are feeling the pinch of inflation, specifically with regard to nondiscretionary expenditures like fuel and food, you could imagine that if you're playing the game, you might choose to spend a bit less or spend a bit less frequently. That said, we think Zynga’s highly diverse portfolio of terrific games is a meaningful offset. And as I said, I think we're outperforming the market. That's our belief. We're also seeing growth in advertising revenues. And because I think we under-index in advertising, that's an opportunity that will be offsetting to the broader market even if we see ongoing softness. But as you know, we always call it the way we see it. And what we're seeing is overall some softness in the marketplace. When you have 50% of big bank economists saying we think we might be in a recession in the next quarter or 2, my attitude is the market believes we're in a recession right now. And as a consumer-facing company, we are seeing some softness. With regard to the integration, I'm not sure you asked about how it's going, but it's going really well. And we expect to meet or exceed our cost synergy expectations, both in terms of magnitude and timing. And more importantly, we fit really well together culturally. And I think all of us at Zynga and now all of us at Take-Two are very excited about the combination of the way things are going and how well the teams do fit together. And we had a sense of that during the diligence period, but it's always nice to know post closing that that's the case. And I think you alluded to whether we can sort of create one broader integrated platform. As you know, Take-Two Mobile Games has been folded into the Zynga division, which is operated by Frank Gibeau and his team, highly independently. And one of their key priorities is to create an integrated platform that will bring the best out in all of our games. So enhance our acquisition and enhance our conversion, enhance our retention, enhance our lifetime value and also enhance, as I said, our advertising revenue. Zynga has a proprietary ad tech platform driven by their Chartboost division. And we're excited about what that can bring to Zynga and also bring to all of Take-Two.
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of the pipeline, yes, as Lainie mentioned, we did have a number of titles that have effect that has been shifting around that affected our pipeline and some of our results for fiscal '23. Generally speaking, we obviously don't take these shifts lightly. We have seen them before. The most important thing for us is always to put up the best game we possibly can because that's what builds franchise value and ultimately, that's what drives the success of our organization. So it's worth the wait. Typically, that is the best economic decision that we can make. And I would say that I'd characterize the pipeline shifts as well these things do move around and you may have -- that may affect a specific year. It does -- hasn't really changed at all our overall perspective on the growth in the intermediate and long term.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, I think to the extent that Zynga succeeds in building a robust ad tech platform, then it will affect all of our live services businesses, not just Zynga's live services businesses. And we're really optimistic about that. To be clear, we haven't baked any of that into our cost synergy expectations. And as you know, we've not included our revenue synergy expectations in our forward-looking projections. So that's all upside if we're able to achieve that. But I feel very good about the exercise. And yes, we'll cross over to the entire company's live services offerings. In terms of the timing for new projects, very hard to call that now. There's a lot of excitement internally. We're working on a lot of interesting potential ideas. And certainly, the development for mobile is much quicker than it is for console. -- but it would be premature to state in a particular time. And of course, all product announcements do come from our labels.
Strauss Zelnick: And with regard to a change in ad formats with Google, I don't have a point of view yet about how that may or may not affect us. I would say we're not concerned at the moment.
Strauss Zelnick: I think the good news is that we have a very robust team now. We have 11,000 colleagues around the world. And we have the ability to pursue a very ambitious program of development and publishing. And at the same time, we're a growth business, and we expect to continue to grow. So we don't have expectations that we will significantly increase our headcount anytime soon. At the same time, assuming we grow in the way we expect to, and we have an expectation to grow very significantly in the next 3 years, I assume we will increase our development headcount somewhat.
Strauss Zelnick: So on your first point, I've been asked about the potential impact of the recession on our business since I started with these conference calls some 15 years ago. And over and over again, I said I don't believe the entertainment business is recession proof or even necessarily recession resistant. And I think we're seeing now the decline in consumer spending and increase in inflation will have an impact on the industry. You've seen it from our report today and from our competitors' reports as well. I think conceptually, the impact is probably greater on free-to-play for the reasons that I said earlier in the call, that you can play those titles without spending money. And you may just decide to spend less frequently or less in aggregate. With regard to the console experience, you have to buy the game to play. And so I think if you want the title, you're going to buy it. And as you point out, it's a very good value for consumers. And on your second point, no, we haven't seen any impact on our ongoing sales or engagement with PGA Tour based on, as you put it, the noise around this new offering.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, the change in IDFA is the new reality. And we've been operating within that new reality for some time. I do think that our massive consumer database gives us a benefit in that we have all kinds of in-house proprietary information that will help us with our marketing. I do think that the ad tech platform that Zynga has and is building further, including Chartboost, will help us, as I said earlier, do even better. I don't -- I'm really not concerned about this post-IDFA world. And in terms of the macro trends, no, the world tends to kind of move in lockstep on an economic basis. So we don't see any particular geographic changes that meaningfully influence our company.
Strauss Zelnick: I think you nailed it. It's hard to call what's going on because it would normally be early 3 years in, but it has been because of the incredible supply constraints. What we have seen though is when people are buying new consoles, they're highly engaged. So the users, for example, of GTA 5 who are on NuGen are much more engaged than prior gen users. Now that may simply be because they have new machines, and they're excited about them. But it may also be, and it wouldn't surprise me if this were the case, that because the new consoles offer a better experience, it's a more engaging experience. And that historically has been the case, that our business has grown coincident with the growth and exploitation of increasingly robust technology. And I would expect that to continue for some time to come.
Strauss Zelnick: So thanks, Mike, for your comments and your question. With regard to the creation of new mobile titles based on legacy Take-Two IP, it remains to be seen what those expressions will look like. It will be driven by the passion and the talent of the teams. And to your question regarding whether Zynga has the ability to do that development in-house, I think the answer is unquestionably they do. Zynga has many number of talented studios all around the world. That distinguishes Zynga from virtually all other mobile developers and publishers. And it's one of the things that we found most exciting about the company now the label. In terms of the next generation of gamers, I mean the evidence is that they play more. They're more engaged and they play more. And that makes sense because what was new technology 15 years ago, to them, is just part of the landscape. They've grown up and it's like fish in water. People -- kids start playing with smartphones as early as they can play with blocks. So I have to believe that interactive entertainment will continue to grow disproportionately to the rest of the audiovisual entertainment businesses. There's ongoing evidence that is and will remain the fastest-growing segment within the entertainment industry. And I think this next generation will just put a finer and finer point on that. In terms of what we have to give them to engage them, that, that is still the same, which is the highest quality entertainment experience that is available on the face of the earth, and that's our job, that's our mission and that's what drives us all every day.
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you. The Rockstar Games has been supplying ongoing content updates for Grand Theft Auto Online since its release in 2013. The most recent one was well received and they continue to put out terrific content. Any announcements about upcoming properties do come from the labels. So we don't tend to talk about them here. And a great question about advertising cost. I think it's a fair one, which is if you're seeing softness in the market, does that mean you can market your titles more cheaply going forward? And the answer is we might see some minor adjustment in the cost profile. But at the end of the day, we spend a lot to support our console -- big console launches. And I don't think that softness in the ad market would probably have a material impact on that.
Strauss Zelnick: We'd just like to thank you all for joining us. We're really proud of how the company is performing. Our combination with Zynga is off to a terrific start culturally, financially, strategically and creatively. And I want to reiterate my appreciation to our colleagues all around the world. We'll be talking to all of them tomorrow in our various town hall meetings. These results are thanks to their hard, dedicated and creative work. Thank you all.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of chartboost, chartboost does actually deals third parties today. We certainly haven't announced any changes. But that is one area that we're very excited about. Look, the bigger the business is, the more valuable the platform is going to be. It's going to be certainly valuable from a tech perspective internally. But we think it's a great product and whether or not it's got great growth prospects to the third-party market remains to be seen, but that's certainly something that we're -- that is under consideration.
Karl Slatoff: And on the revenue side, there are -- obviously, there are some things that happen in the short term that Lainie and Strauss have always spoken about that can affect what our expectations are, where they are today in the short run versus where they were in January. But overall, our mid- to long-term prospects, growth prospects for the business have not changed. We're still very excited about the prospects.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I mean it really is simply that the game is -- to the extent that we're moving games -- shifting later, which is when we have pipeline shifts, that's typically the case. We typically don't move games up. But that is really based on where the game is in development. We would not hold a game that's ready to release based on any overall economic trend or something going on in the market. Potentially, we would maybe move a game a week or 2, depending on -- for marketing windows. But generally speaking, when the game is ready, that's when we release it.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of development cycles, I think development cycles are ever changing. And obviously, it varies game by game. The games are getting bigger. They're getting more complicated. There's new technology out there that we can avail ourselves to. So -- and all of that's a learning process. And that learning curve is often very steep. And -- but I would say there's nothing specific about the changing development cycles that we haven't seen before. It's just that the games are bigger and they’re more complicated and there's more to do. And that's actually what makes our business so exciting.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of the advertising business, yes, the overall advertising market, generally speaking, has experienced year-over-year declines due to ad tech consolidation and the lower spend on digital advertising. Our advertising revenues have -- the growth has decelerated from the last quarter, but they grew notably versus last year. And we believe we outperformed the industry trends. We expect this trend to improve over the course of the year with natural seasonality and optimizations we're making in our network mix and pricing. So what was the second question? Yes, in terms of Star Wars: Hunters release, it really is just a matter of making sure that the game is delivered at the highest possible quality, and we have not changed anything around platforms.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I think -- I don't know that there's anything specifically in the market that would change our philosophy on how we package our product. I think we always are trying new models and new pricing practices to try to optimize the situation. But I don't really see a market-driven specific opportunity arising. But you'll see us experimenting all the time.
