Lainie Goldstein: Sure. So for the synergies with Zynga, we realized over $100 million in savings and the original cost-cutting program that we announced previously was over $50 million. So we do expect this plan to enhance our margins, both by reducing costs from our existing cost base and avoiding future costs and they will be incremental to these other cost-cutting programs that we had and even more robust than the prior cost reduction program. And next quarter, we will be in a position to give a little more details on the plan.
Lainie Goldstein: Currently, it’s the middle of our budgeting process. At this time, the number is tracking a little above $7 billion for net bookings for the year and given the typical shifts and tweaks that occur in our forecasting process. And this amount is still huge growth over this year. And our pipeline is groundbreaking for next year and beyond, and our teams are making excellent progress on game development. And nothing material has changed with regard to the lifetime value of our portfolio. And both will provide our initial outlook for fiscal year ‘25 when we report our Q4 and full year fiscal year ‘24 results in May.
Lainie Goldstein: So for the full year, when you look at the changes that we made to the fourth quarter forecast, the biggest drivers were towards the user acquisition spend and marketing for Match Factory!, then the lower mobile advertising that we were seeing, updating expectations for NBA 2K24 and the shift of an unnamed title out of the year. So those are the top four primary reasons for the change.
Lainie Goldstein: Hi Mike. So, for fiscal year ‘25, as I mentioned, it’s really driven by changes in the release schedule. And obviously, that will move some of the titles out into years going forward because the lifetime value of our portfolio hasn’t changed. So, we should – we do expect to see growth in fiscal year ‘26 over ‘25, so that hasn’t changed. So, it’s just a regular process of re-forecasting and updating the business. And this time, we are working on our budget. So, that’s where the numbers are falling out.
Lainie Goldstein: So, Omar, we haven’t updated that number. We are still working on our budget right now. We would expect that number to change along with the release schedule changes, and it will depend on when the titles are released during the year of when the – a UFCF will be collected.
Strauss Zelnick: This is Strauss. So it’s basically the hypercasual business, and we’re really optimizing the business from profitability. So there’s always a balance. We’re also seeing that we can actually have in-app payments in our hypercasual business. So it’s really moving to a hybrid model, and we’re very excited about that. There’s great opportunity in that business.
Strauss Zelnick: I think so. I mean, I’ve said repeatedly in the past few years that the hardest thing that anyone in the industry can do is create a new mobile hit. It’s super hard. And so much so that one of our big competitors just decided they weren’t going to try it anymore. It was off the table. We stuck with it and so did some of our competitors. So clearly, the market’s becoming more receptive and more reactive. There’s a big title from one of our competitors, Monopoly GO!, which is a huge hit. And we’re gratified obviously here to see so much traction already in Top Troops and Match Factory!. And Match Factory!’s already a top 30 title in the U.S. and UK Apple App Stores with lots of continued traction in the rest of the world, and it’s really just beginning. We are supporting the title in the quarter, and that’s not money that we could possibly recoup in the quarter. So to put some color around the guidance change, that’s really good news, not bad news. That’s going to be a very profitable expenditure that will come back to us in the next fiscal year. Because of the way we structure UA, we structure for relatively quick paybacks compared to the industry because we’re conservative. So I do think – look, I think the team in Zynga is doing a phenomenal job delivering great properties. It starts there. It always starts there. And yes, I also believe the market’s becoming more reactive. Remember, the market was down for the first time in its history in 2022, and it was flattish after that. And there were no new hits for years from us or anyone else. That’s clearly changing. I think it puts further evidence on the table that being exposed to mobile through the Zynga acquisition was a really, really good thing for this company, and we’re highly optimistic going forward.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we have to balance all the different elements that go into choosing how, where and when to distribute our titles. And as our titles enter the catalog, we can be flexible about how to distribute. We tend to support all emerging platforms as long as they serve consumers and as long as the terms under which we support the platforms make sense to us.
Strauss Zelnick: All about quality. I think Rollic has been really focused on making more and more robust titles. Remember, hypercasual came about as a business where you’d actually look at hundreds of games a month and put them out into the market and see what would stick and then a game would stick for 3 months and then roll off. And what’s happening now is Rollic has title. Rollic, we believe, is a leader in the space, has titles that are much more durable and long-lasting and turning into games that could be games that last for years. We hope that, that will happen. And as those games are more durable and offer more playing value to consumers, there’s an opportunity in certain of those games to have in-app purchases, so really, moving from hypercasual to hybrid casual. But it’s all about quality and meeting the consumer where they are. And the story of the entertainment business is always a move to quality. And remember, we’re still, in many ways, in the nascent business. Interactive entertainment is roughly 30 years old, mobile’s roughly 12 years old, and these are early-stage businesses. And they started off as glorified toy businesses and then they turned into entertainment businesses and now they’re year-round entertainment businesses. All of that’s great news for a company like ours. We are the number two pure-play interactive entertainment company on earth, and it’s still early innings. And we’re seeing a lot of movement in mobile. Our 3-part strategy includes the word innovation. And innovation means that even if you start as hypercasual, if consumers want you to go upmarket and give them something that’s deeper and more compelling and more long lasting, you have to be there to do it. I would say our hypercasual team, led by Barak Verdal in Istanbul, is first class.
Strauss Zelnick: We – I’m not sure this is a model for mobile distribution, because ultimately, it all depends on how you define mobile. We think of mobile as a game that you typically play on your phone, and we have a big portfolio of games like that. And we’d love to do more with Netflix, who wouldn’t, as long as the consumers are happy to be there and as long as the economics of those arrangements make good sense.
Strauss Zelnick: Look, we’re really gratified that the announcement of the trailer was a huge event online, and then the trailer debut between YouTube and other marketing partners set a record for a video to view. So we couldn’t be happier or more excited by the initial trailer. And I do think that excitement around GTA VI has had a halo effect on the entire franchise. We’ve now sold in 195 million units of GTA V, and GTA Online continues to perform above our expectations. So I do think all things GTA lead to more excitement. As far as the marketing programs, I think Rockstar is particularly expert in marketing their titles and, I think, is considering all the appropriate angles.
Strauss Zelnick: Marketing is really driven by our labels and our studios, and we don’t have a fixed march to a release from particular marketing needs.
Strauss Zelnick: It is possible to do research around that. And our sense is that the anticipation is much higher, much, much higher. On the other hand, 195 million units to date is nothing to sneeze at. So we stopped well short of making predictions about how the title will do, but clearly, anticipation is running very, very high.
Strauss Zelnick: We’re seeking perfection. And when we feel we’ve optimized creatively, that’s the time to release. So – and we’re all in this together. In terms of motivations and incentives, the financial incentives of everyone who works at this company are aligned with those of the shareholders. So we essentially have – call it what you will, we have profit sharing plans throughout the company at the operating level. And at the senior level, compensation is driven largely by TSR. So our goal is to align the interest of everyone who works there with the interest of the shareholders. That keeps us all pointing in the same direction. So you are right, there is inherent tension potentially between getting something to market and creating perfection, but this company errs on the side of perfection.
Strauss Zelnick: And Mike, in terms of cost reduction, as I have said and as you know, we have a three-part strategy that’s supported us well through thick and thin. And that is, first and foremost, to be the most creative company, also to be the most innovative and, finally, always to be the most efficient company in the entertainment business. And that’s a big challenge. And we mean it, and everyone here means it. And I think that it’s time to take another look at efficiency and make sure that everyone is focused on the things that really matter and only the things that really matter and put ourselves in a position where we have the opportunity for great operating leverage as these titles come to market and as the revenues flow through the system.
Strauss Zelnick: It’s a good question. I only know what I read in the release and what you also read. What I read was that they are making an investment in a leading company, Epic, which is – obviously has a spectacular franchise in Fortnite. And then there was some talk around sort of creating a Fortnite/Disney ecosystem. And I don’t know exactly what that means, but I am not betting against my friends at Epic or Disney. And I wish them well. So, I guess it remains to be seen, but they are two fine companies. I think anything that’s good for consumers and it creates excitement in our industry is good for Take-Two because it keeps people engaged with the properties that we bring to market, and we have the best collection of owned intellectual property in the business, bar none. And we are the number two player in the space, so – and we would like to go from here. So, I see it as a net positive for the business, and we will see how they do with it. But I am certainly not betting against them.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Look, we really do prefer that our labels talk about what’s going to go on in the title creatively. And I could riff endlessly and share my opinions, but I prefer to hear from Rockstar. And they will talk about what’s coming in due time.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean we have made great progress across the-board, including on the revenue side. The biggest area of synergy so far has been our direct-to-consumer initiative, which is a collective initiative to offer the consumer the ability to purchase in-app currency for mobile games directly. And that’s been exceedingly successful, rolled out very quickly and quite profitable, and there is a lot more upside to come. There are numerous other areas on which we are making progress. We are kind of ticking the box with that one by itself. And in terms of game store changes, this will – there is a lot of moving parts here. And some of the decisions you mentioned in Europe and some of the decisions in the U.S. are contradictory. So there is a lot of dust left to shake out. But on balance, I remain of the view that I have stated years ago that distribution costs will come down meaningfully. They already are.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, the big console titles are expensive and time-considering to create. And if you want to make the very, very best, it takes a long time and it costs a lot of money. I really don’t want to speak for Microsoft and their strategy. There has been a lot of noise around that lately. I have no doubt that they will express where they’re heading. I would just say that if you take a look at their market cap now compared to a few years ago, you don’t want to bet against that management team.
Strauss Zelnick: First, as always, I want to thank our teams for delivering such great work, with such extraordinary commitment. Everything that goes on here is a team effort and we are all aligned, all in this together and all working to do our level best to create the best entertainment for our consumers and to do it within the four walls of superb company with a great culture. I also want to thank our shareholders for their continued support. We are really excited about what is to come. Thanks for joining us today.
Timothy O’Shea: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Back on Grand Theft Auto. We’ve spoken about the Grand Theft Auto trailer. My question is really, is there a way to quantify or maybe compare what you saw in terms of all this anticipation for GTA VI compared with how the level of anticipation that you saw for GTA V ahead of that games announcement? And then I had a follow-up.
Timothy O’Shea: Yes. Thank you. That’s very helpful. And then just quickly, can we talk about how you make the decision about when to launch a game like Grand Theft Auto VI, like who makes the call, what motivates them? Assuming this is game quality, game finish polish, maybe there’s a desire to hit a specific launch window or really anything else that might influence Rockstar’s decision about the timing of when to launch this game. Thank you.
Timothy O’Shea: Thanks, Strauss. Yes, anticipation is pretty high around here too. So we look forward to seeing again.
