Strauss Zelnick: I think in general, these are all opportunities depending on how things pencil out. A successful, new console gives us another opportunity to release titles, whomever it comes from. eSports is a very exciting area that we talked about in today's call. We're just beginning to participate through our NBA 2K tournament. I think the fact that there were 92,000 teams that were involved was pretty extraordinary. Right now, eSports still tends to be a marketing vehicle for our games and create more engagement, but we are able to monetize that engagement with the recurrent consumer spending. So  that's certainly a good thing. And I've talked a bit about VR in the past. And there is a lot of excitement in the marketplace, and a lot of our people are excited, too. We're still in R&D mode around here because this is still not a consumer business. We want to be really clear. If this is the consumers' platform of choice, we'll bring our intellectual property to it aggressively and ambitiously. We just tend not to vote when we don't have to. The vote that we cast is be wherever the consumer is -- that's channel distribution vehicle, platform, product type, geography, be there with the best intellectual property in the market and where we don't have to vote. Yes, we don't. So the wind's at our back, it's also our competitors' back. We think the people who win most are those that are the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient, and that's what we aspire to be. 
Strauss Zelnick: So to your first question, just to clarify, we've announced the entire release schedule for the year, and that's what you should expect our release schedule to be. And that's what our outlook is based on. Any changes would be performance-based largely. In terms of -- I'm going to skip to question 3, which is cash uses. And our view remains the same, which is there are 3 potential uses: support organic growth, which has been our story all along, hasn't been a very good story. And we do think there are wonderful opportunities for organic growth, whether that's new types of products or expanding our focus in other geographies, like Asia. It's been very fruitful for us; or supporting new platforms as they develop or new -- other new opportunities like eSports. There are opportunities for inorganic growth. Those tend to sort of come along when you least expect them. That's why we believe cash is a strategic asset. We are very disciplined. We do believe in doing accretive deals that does distinguish us from some of our competitors historically. And retrospectively, that's been a very good call on our part. And then, of course, we're -- we believe in returning cash to the shareholders. In the past several years, we purchased about $300 million worth of stock, and we certainly have an opportunity to do so in the future. We have an outstanding authorization for a buyback. Would you mind repeating your second question? Because I seem to miss it. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, in this instance, we would agree with what you're observing, which is that the bigger and better are getting stronger. And that's consistent with the nature of the entertainment business, which is -- as entertainment businesses mature, a greater proportion of consumer attention and, therefore, revenue goes to the highest quality releases. Essentially, when entertainment businesses are nascent, people are willing to experiment among another -- a number of brands. As they mature, all consumers' tastes tend to narrow and focus on the biggest titles in the business. This has been true from time immemorial, since the beginning of the electronic entertainment business across every different type. And it's why we've had the strategy that we've had at this company, which is put out -- create and put out a high -- the highest quality releases and do a limited number so you can really focus and focus not just on your existing IP but try to launch new successful IP every year. And we've been able to do that most years since we took over the company. And that's why we have 11 titles that have each sold over 5 million units in an individual release and something like 45 that have each sold 2 million units or more in an individual release, which we think is a standard bearer of the industry. So yes, the strong gets stronger, and that was true with motion pictures and television and the music. It's going to be true in interactive entertainment, and that puts pressure on us and on our key competitors to continue to deliver the highest quality titles and to focus on doing so. So we see it as an opportunity as much as a challenge. And certainly, for the haves, it's a much better place to be than the have-nots. 
Strauss Zelnick: That's something that the labels will decide and talk about in due course. Certainly, we wouldn't rule it out. It will be largely an economic decision. I don't -- we wouldn't do anything that's not going to look great creatively. So the starting point is, is this going to delight consumers? Is this going to look good? You know that we're a company that is not driven first and foremost by, "Can we create revenue this way?" We would have started by saying, "Will this be exciting to consumers? Will they be happy with it? Will it reflect well on our brands? Will it reflect well on our company?" And if the answer is yes, then it may well be a compelling opportunity. But if the answer is indifferent or no, then even if we have an opportunity to make a few bucks, we probably would decline. So I think that's the lens through which we look. The actual decisions are made by the labels. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of our outlook, we have contemplated recurrent consumer spending in the outlook. We've contemplated product drops. There could be changes there, and perhaps, there is some opportunity. But this is the outlook as we see it now. And we contemplated all aspects of our business, but things can change. In terms of metrics, we haven't really shared a great deal of metrics on our in-game spending. We give the broad -- certainly give broad numbers around recurrent consumer spending. And it's been great, are nearly -- more than 1/4 of our non-GAAP net revenue last fiscal year [Audio Gap] was recurrent consumer spending. So certainly, the numbers are meaningful. And we have mentioned that we have 31 million users, signed-up users, of Grand Theft Auto on -- oh, sorry, of NBA 2K Online in China. So we have mentioned that metric. We have talked about usage of Grand Theft Auto Online in the fourth quarter. So we've given some metrics. We don't tend to give a broad array of metrics because this is still a work in progress and still developing activity here and because we don't want people to extrapolate. Even though the results have been excellent, we don't want to extrapolate that they're perpetually a nice, gentle, upward-sloping curve because it's just too early in our experience to see that. In terms of our strategy, our strategy -- and I know it sounds like motherhood and apple pie, but it genuinely is our strategy. We're trying to delight consumers as they engage in our products. And when we make a content drop, we want that to be something exciting to consumers. And we know if we do that, then we will increase engagement. And therefore, we will increase spending, and therefore, we'll increase revenue and profits. And of course, we are a profit-seeking enterprise. We are focused on -- squarely in the real world. We're a for-profit company, but the way entertainment businesses survive and thrive with the backdrop, as Lainie mentioned, of being exceedingly efficient, well organized, professionally managed and fiscally highly disciplined -- but with that backdrop, our focus turns entirely to creativity. And that creativity is around what's going to make consumers most excited about our titles and most excited about our brands and most engaged with our titles and repeatedly engaged with our titles. And then as they are engaged, we need to give them opportunities to spend that, in and of itself, enhances the game experience, doesn't detract from it. We don't put up toll booths. We don't annoy our consumers. We simply get paid along the way. And that's what we aim to do, and that has had a great result around here. But many of our competitors are actually proud of the fact that they're primarily data-driven, that they're focused on the content supporting the data that supports the purchases, that supports the revenue, that supports the profitability. We do not do it that way. We are creative. We make an incredible entertainment experience and then we seek to monetize it. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, it's a good question, Mike. I don't -- GTA V has continued to sell. As you know, we've talked about the unit sales. Certainly, there's been great news there because we've sold so many units. We have not tracked what happens to the GTA V sales when new content is dropped into GTA Online. So we'd be speculating about what influence there would be, but I think anything that makes GTA Online exciting is good for GTA V. And I do expect that it's going to continue to be a very strong title going forward and a great catalog title over time that -- if history is any guide, that would be the case. In terms of the pipeline for online content on an ongoing basis, that's something for Rockstar to talk about in due time, but there is content coming. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, I mean, the initial results are very encouraging, which is, I think, we can properly take away from those comments, but it is early yet. The scores are good. Consumers like it, a lot of people playing it and really loving the game play. But I wouldn't want you to draw conclusion that the Battleborn curve is necessarily the Borderlands curve because we just don't have any of that information yet. So we're encouraged and we feel good about it, remains to be seen how it performs. And in terms of the ongoing digital content, we've said there is more content coming. Again, we'll leave the specifics to the label. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, and in terms of -- this is Strauss. In terms of Asia, our Asia strategy was set in motion a number of years ago when we opened a headquarters in Singapore, became a publisher in Japan and entered a number of other markets. And then we also tried new kinds of products that we felt would be quite challenging to launch in Europe or in the U.S. but could be opportune to launch in Asia largely free-to-play, massive-multiplayer games. We've had strong results with NBA 2K Online in China, and we've mentioned those as part of today's call. We've launched Civilization Online in Korea. And that, we'll also launch in a number of other Asian markets. And we're working on a number of other really interesting opportunities. So that business has already been very fruitful for us, has grown from a very small part of our business to a meaningful part of our business. And it's a very exciting part of the world, and people's appetite for games is somewhat different than here in the U.S. or in Europe with a significant focus on massive-multiplayer games and a significant focus on the free-to-play model. So we don't believe that all models work in all markets. We think you have to tailor what we bring to a particular market with the needs and desires of the consumers in that market. So we're incredibly excited about Asia. And I would just like to make the comment that we, as an industry, are just scratching the surface in China of what's possible. And I do believe -- and it may be a contrarian point of view, but I think that an area of China that's remained very challenging which -- has been the distribution of Western products. I think the Chinese government realize more and more that it is actually not challenging, that it's actually beneficial, that it's what consumers want, that it will not cause consumers to have a view of Chinese society that is, in any way, unfortunate for the government. And I think restrictions will probably be loosened. My guess is not within the next 12 months but, I do believe, in the coming years. And that's going to be incredible news for us because, of course, the middle-class alone in China is bigger than all U.S. households. So we think that there is an amazing opportunity there. We're poised for the opportunity. Naturally, we comply with government regulations wherever we are in the world, and China is no exception. But I am of the view that it's time for restrictions to be softened, that it will be beneficial for Chinese society as they see it, not just as I see it. And I do believe that creates a massive opportunity for us and not reflected in this year's numbers, next year's numbers or anyone's outlook for the industry. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thank you so much for joining us today. We're very pleased with our results. We're proud of our outlook, but what we're really proud of is our colleagues all around the world, almost 3,000 of them, who are engaged every day in trying to make the very best interactive entertainment properties on earth, to bring them to market and to run a really solid, serious and responsible business and making sure that we delight consumers as they experience our products. So we're -- we feel very grateful to have an opportunity to work in this business, about which we're so passionate. We're grateful to our colleagues, and we're really pleased with the results. Thanks for joining us. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the convert, we're accounting for the convert as if they are to be settled in stock, which is what is included in our guidance right now, but it's -- that's our current intent, but we have the option to settle on either cash or stock. So when we get closer to the maturity date, we'll evaluate the best way to settle the convert. We can look at where our cash balance is at that time. So right now -- at the end of the year, we were up $1.27 billion to have a strong balance. And we'll see what the potential uses for that cash are, and we'll determine what our best option is at that time. 
Lainie Goldstein: Yes, we're continuing to invest in the game development for our pipeline and also IT-related fixed asset expenses. 
Lainie Goldstein: Well, for next year, when we're looking at the disconnect in terms of the bottom line, what you said is true. Our -- we don't have as big of a tax benefit. We had $0.33 per share this year. And next year, we're going to only have $0.14 per share. And then also, our operating expenses are going to increase about 29% primarily due to higher marketing expense. Our margins are higher. So it doesn't -- so the pipeline is set and is strong and it's just a big difference because of the marketing expense as well as the taxes. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of our guidance from this past year, when we set our original guidance, it was our best estimate at the time when we gave out those numbers. We had a very light release schedule. And as you mentioned, some of our titles performed stronger than we had expected, GTA V and GTA Online. And that, coupled with our tax credits, is what helped us to have these fantastic results for this year. 
Lainie Goldstein: For digital, our financial outlook assumes that we're going to generate modestly lower digitally  delivered revenue in fiscal 2017, like 1% decline in the mid-single digits. This is driven by our assumption that recurrent consumer spending will be moderately lower around 10% and full game downloads will be roughly flat. For recurrent consumer spending, we expect it to be lower based on our assumption that growth in virtual currency for NBA 2K and higher revenues from downloadable add-on content for a variety of our titles will be more than offset by moderating revenues from Grand Theft Auto Online. And we expect our full game downloads to be roughly flat as last year benefited from the launch of Grand Theft Auto V for PC. But over the long term, we expect digitally delivered revenue to grow, and we continue to execute our strategy to drive greater engagement and recurrent consumer spending. And as our industry transitions more towards full game downloads, we expect to grow over the long term. 
Michael Hickey: I'm curious, when you release new content for GTA Online, do you see a corresponding impact or sales impact for the base game, GTA V? Thinking about sort of the marketing vehicle to maybe new installs or maybe prior gen players crossing over to the current gen experience, where obviously there is new content coming out. And then, I guess, still part of that question is, I guess it's sort of nebulous thinking about the pipeline for GTA Online content, but would you sort of characterize it as about the same amount of content coming out this year or more or less? That would be helpful. And I have a quick follow-up. 
Michael Hickey: Okay, cool. The last question, Gearbox had sort of some encouraging, I guess, commentary on the initial sales of Battleborn. It sort of reflected on Borderlands, and I think it was maybe outpacing that a bit. And my impression was they sort of suggested maybe it was a slower start but had the potential to build into something meaningful. I think Borderlands, life to date, has done maybe 8 million units. So curious if you share that enthusiasm for the future sales potential of Battleborn. And then also, if I remember -- Borderlands had done pretty well, at least in terms of attaching digital content, but I'm sort of curious on more forward sales curve of -- if you'd seen sort of outside success in terms of full game downloads of that game. 
Michael Hickey: I guess, I meant -- I was meaning to ask, Strauss, the percentage of sales full game download versus physical. 
