Strauss Zelnick: Great, thanks, Mario, it's sort of all of the above. So it's exciting that we have these extraordinary franchises that keep captivating and engaging consumers many years after launch. And the reason that that's occurring is first of all the initial quality, which is unmatched in our business. And second, because our labels, both Rockstar Games and 2K continue to deliver content on an ongoing basis that further causes captivation and engagement. And if we keep doing that, then we'll continue we think to have similar results. I think you're right that consumers get really comfortable within excited by specific franchises. And if you keep delivering great content, they will maintain their involvement on an ongoing basis, we're seeing that in all forms of the entertainment business. At the same time, we always have to create new titles both new iterations of existing beloved franchises, and new intellectual property. And if we don't do that, then we're burning the furniture. So to that end, in the next five years, we expect to bring 93 new releases to market which is more than double what our development capacity was just a few years ago. So we're both excited by the continued growing engagement in our existing entities as well as what the future can bring with new releases.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, no, this wasn't coincidental. I mean, the folks at Rockstar Games intended to create a powerful single player experience a story driven experience. And Rockstar has always been known for great stories and great single player experiences and then developed in addition, a massive multiplayer opportunity over the past years. And I think it's a reminder not that we needed one, the Rockstar Games can do both of those things at the highest possible level of execution in our business. There was a, I think there was an argument just a couple years ago, not around here, not in this shop. But in some of our competitors offices, that single player is dead, that it's all about multiplayer. We didn't believe that I said specifically and publicly that we didn't believe that, our labels don't believe that. And we deliver an array of experiences that range from hyper casual mobile, to the most complex, the most robust, single player and multiplayer experiences. And we intend to continue doing that.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I really appreciate the sentiment behind the question. But I sort of put it in the category of how high is up? We don't tend to speculate and we haven't offered any initial guidance for next fiscal year either. So we'll sharpen our pencil in the coming months and of course we will create initial guidance and that will reflect partially that performance. But in general, if history is any guide, it will be very successful indeed. And I would -- that wouldn't surprise me.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, in terms of frontline pricing for NBA 2K21, I think that worked out very much as expected. And as planned, it's in a premium offering at the highest possible level, the title was built from the ground up for next-gen, so first title here that has been created that way. And the acceptance by consumers has been nothing short of extraordinary, the title sold in over 8 million units. Now, we haven't talked about pricing on other titles. So it would be premature to discuss that we'll talk about that and title-by-title basis going forward. In terms of consolidation, you've seen a lot of deals out there, most recently Embracer is, is merging with Gearbox, a company near and dear to our heart and we're grateful that we'll still be in business with Gearbox and they'll still be working with us on Borderlands and on other titles. We acquired Playdots just a few months ago and we're excited about how that deals gone. We lost the Codemasters deal to our friends out west that was disappointing but reflects our discipline in such matters. So there is an awful lot going on, I tend to agree Colin that pricing can be pretty heavy. And we have a stated strategy and a disciplined approach. It served us well. We have yet to make an acquisition that that hasn't worked out. And we're looking for great teams, great intellectual property and for an arrangement that would be accretive to shareholder value. And we will -- we'll look for that and at times aggressively. But, we have a sort of firm -- we have a firm grasp on hand calculator in one hand and on our approach strategy and tactics in the other.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first of all you never want to sit back and just say, we've always been able to do it's totally fine. It'll be fine going forward. We're always looking over our shoulders. We're always trying to figure out what we can do better. We're, I think the most self critical group I've ever run into. How do we maintain our commitment to quality by making sure that our creative teams pursue what they're passionate is about, and don't pursue something they're not passionate about and by maintaining operational and financial discipline at the same time. And the effect of that is we can have long development cycles. And we've been criticized for that. But I think the case that you're alluding to reflects the fact that you're always better served to wait for perfection if you can create perfection. And all of our labels are seeking perfection. And we don't always succeed, sometimes we fall short. But that's the goal. And if anything in these times cause us to sharpen our minds further and sharpen our discipline further and try harder. So yes right and it's great that Rockstar Games continues to put out add-on content and additional content for Grand Theft Auto Online and for Red Dead Online. But they've put out material that they really believe in that they're passionate about and that is of the highest possible quality. And that means we're not on a weekly cadence and we're not going to be in that means we don't necessarily know the exact release date. But what we do know is that we will wait for it to be as close to perfect as anything can be. And that's true 2K. That's true, it's Social Point and that's true a Private Division. And that's an unwavering commitment. And it's part of our strategy. And it comes from the top of the company. And we are prepared to accept the results when we fall short in terms of timing or when we sometimes spend a little more than we would like because it always pays-off.
Strauss Zelnick: So on the first part of the pipeline, I really don't have more information I can give you in terms of the pace of that pipeline and when the titles coming out, but rest assured, you will be hearing a lot more about that in the coming months. And as we talk about our release schedule. So unfortunately, I don't have any more to give you on that. And then in terms of the PGA TOUR 2K, we are incredibly excited about that the performance of that title. And I'd like to say that, that we're not surprised. But I am personally a little bit surprised we -- it's done fantastically well, we've sold around 2 million units or so which is a fantastic result. And we're just really getting started. So we do think that there's a future in this franchise for us. We haven't really announced much about what specifically that means. But what that is out there, this is something that we feel like it merits investment from our side. And that's something that we can really turn into very profitable and exciting franchise for us going forward for many years.
Strauss Zelnick: So they're very different titles and they're really not comparable in any way. So both massive hits. And the decision I think was based on offering more opportunities to engage with the title, titles been in market for some time. And Rockstar has shown a willingness to experiment with different marketing models, all in an effort to enhance the size of the audience and to increase customer engagement and enjoyment. And I think it's working out really well. And I'm looking forward to seeing how Grand Theft Auto Online sales when the two is available as a standalone experience in fiscal ‘22.
Strauss Zelnick: And Mike with regard to working from home, I can't predict how much longer that'll be the case. We follow, what government requirements and suggestions are and we follow the science and the facts. Some of our offices are open, no one is obligated to come to the office, if they're uncomfortable in doing so. That said, we've been extraordinarily productive. Our IT team did an A plus job making remote work possible for our company. We moved over to remote work within a week of needing to shelter at home. And we haven't missed a beat not even not at all, we have one title that was delayed Kerbal Space Program 2 that was hit. And more importantly, the quality of our releases has been extraordinary. I appreciate the question about culture. I think it's actually difficult to build a culture in a remote work environment. But I don't think it's impossible to do that, when you've already gotten to know each other. When you build a powerful company with a powerful business model and a powerful team. I think, to the contrary, in a challenging time, everyone pulled together and knew that it was our collective job to make sure the company didn't -- you didn't have any issues, and in fact, continued to grow. And that's exactly what happened. But, and so if any -- in any case, I think moral may actually be stronger, but it's not something that can or should last forever. And it has been taxing and I think people are actually working harder at home than they did in offices, even though there is no commute. I think it creates a lot of challenges. And I'm looking forward to it ending. So I know you're not -- we're not one of those companies where we believe like, oh this is a great idea everyone will just work from home. I think certain people may be able to work from home or if that's truly their interest, I think generally speaking will benefit from being together as a group.
Strauss Zelnick: I'd say it's a great and encouraging question. I'm kind of inclined to leave it more as a statement than a question. And any updates on our release schedule will come from Rockstar Games.
Strauss Zelnick: It's a -- thank you for the question. I don't think you're going to see a reduction in our marketing spend, because we're launching new iterations of existing franchises. And we're launching new intellectual property in a highly competitive market. And I think we'll continue to spend support those releases. So I don't think you'll see leverage there. You see leverage, though, of course, is when you sell more units. So if you make bigger hits, and we make bigger hits than anyone else in the market, then obviously you're amortizing that marketing spend across a larger number of units. So a marketing spend as a percent of your net bookings can be lower to be accepted you have greater success. And that's certainly our goal. And in that event, of course, we'd have higher operating margins. And you've seen that reflected in the growth in our operating margins, as you've seen the growth in our hits in the last 14 years. And I would hope that that will continue, but we entirely driven by whatever success we have or don't have. I think where you can, have a little more confidence around growth in the margins would be in the shift to digital distribution, which is an extra [mile] and which is happening and digitally distributed products were 82% of our net bookings in the quarter. And we think that the world is heading towards more than that. And that will help our margins as well as our competitors’ margins. Also, of course, our recurrent consumer spending is higher margin because the cost associated with the content that drives recurrent consumer spending is lower than the costs related to an initial large release. So to the extent that we continue to deliver add-on content, to beloved titles, which is our goal, you could see an increase in operating margins coming from that as well. But again, that's reliant upon creating hits. And that won't occur if we don't create more hits. So everything comes down to creating bigger and bigger hits. And that's our goal and our strategy.
Strauss Zelnick: Sorry and I think on your second question, thanks for the reminder, Karl, it's all of the above, we're adding to the team's 2K and Rockstar as they work on more properties and bigger properties. We are adding to the teams at Social Point and Private Division selectively as we work on new properties. And we have shown a willingness to acquire companies and add that way as well very, very selectively. So we're a growth business. And you'll see that on our headcount. I'm hopeful that our headcount essentially goes to production capacity, engineering capacity and doesn't go to fixed corporate overhead.
Strauss Zelnick: We're thrilled to welcome the Ruffian team to Rockstar Games and to Take-Two and we think they're an extraordinarily talented team. And we're looking forward to them becoming a part of Rockstar Games. And beyond that they'll be more announcements in due time.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thank you all very much for joining us today. Obviously, we're really proud of what the entire team has achieved. The results are extraordinary. And all of us are so grateful to our colleagues around the world. And of course, we're grateful to you for joining us today. Thanks so much.
Karl Slatoff: Hi, it’s Karl speaking. Yes, obviously the Music Locker experience is very unique. It's a terrific application and then in GTA. Music has always been a really, really important part of the Grand Theft Auto franchise and it will continue to be; it's always been part of the culture of the Grand Theft Auto franchise, and people explore it and enjoy the found new music through the franchise over-and-over again, I don't want to speculate about what's in Rockstars plans as it relates to music, but rest assured music is always has always been and will always be a large part of what GTA is all about.
Karl Slatoff: Hey, Brain, it's Karl, I'll take this one. So to answer the first part of the question, we -- the 93 titles that we put out, there was a snapshot, it was a moment in time and we really haven't given any updates on that since then. Of course, things move in and out all the time. It hasn't really been that long since then. So you can't really expect that there's going to be a significant amount of movement, but I can tell you for sure. There's something that have fallen on, something that are back end. But generally speaking, these are still pretty good numbers in general. But, again we do expect that this pipeline will be fluid, as we get things through various milestones. So it will be changing overtime. But we haven't provided any additional updates, other than the 93 initial announcement that we made. And just to break it down a little bit for you, in terms of what comprises that 93. So on a high level, 63 of those titles of the 93 are, we would consider core gaming experiences. And 17 of them are sort of mid core arcade style experiences and 13 of them are what we would consider to be casual experiences. About half of them 47 of the titles are from existing IP or sequels. And the rest of them are for our new intellectual property. So we are making investments in new IP, very important, so I spoke about that earlier. And then in terms of platforms, 72 of the 93 titles are planned for console PC or streaming, including seven of those that will also be available on mobile. So that would leave 21 that are that are on the list for specifically for mobile. And also from a business model perspective 67 of the 93 are -- they required the purchase and 26 are completely free to play. So that's the breakdown as it was the last time we did it. But we do expect that that will be moving around as we as we go deeper into that pipeline and over the next few years.
Karl Slatoff: It's a Karl again. So obviously, the mobile component of our business has becoming more and more important with our acquisition of Social Point and Playdots. So we're very committed to it. Not to mention mobile activity our label levels, specifically 2K with WWE, SuperCard, et cetera and some NBA properties. So we are, we are highly invested in the mobile business and we expect that it will be a even growing part of our investment going forward. But it really does boil -- our strategy boils down to a few components. And the first really is focuses around new -- creating new IP for the mobile space. And that's around our Social Point and Playdots business. So it's IP that's created specifically for the mobile environment. And, we've been investing in that obviously over the past couple years, specifically to M&A but also now organically now that we've got a pretty sizable platform between those two acquisitions. The second component is bringing our core franchises to the mobile platforms. So these are games that are more or less ports or they could be slight variations of games, existing content that exists. So we've done that quite successfully for many, many years. And will continue to do so where it's appropriate. And then the third component is really just bringing our core is integrating a mobile experience with our core experiences. So these are things like companion apps, which we've done effectively with Red Dead Redemption, we've done it with Mafia’s, we've done it with a number of our franchises, where you can have a separate mobile experience that you can use. And it can be used to enhance your core experience, pretty much at the same time or maybe offline, when you're not in front of your television set of your console. So those are really are the components of our strategy. But obviously it's a growing part of the industry. We're very tapped into it. And we're investing more and more.
