Lainie Goldstein: Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our first quarter results and then review our financial outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2019. Please note that additional details regarding our actual results and financial outlook are contained in our press release.  As Strauss mentioned, our business delivered better-than-expected operating results in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Total net bookings were $288 million, which exceeded our outlook range of $215 million to $265 million, due primarily to the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V as well as recurrent consumer spending on NBA 2K18. Digitally-delivered net bookings were $253 million accounting for 88% of the total, up from 81% last year.  Turning to some details from our first quarter income statements. GAAP net revenue decreased by 7% to $388 million, and cost of goods sold decreased 33% to $131 million. Operating expenses increased by 7% to $186 million, due primarily to higher personnel expense. And GAAP net income was $72 million or $0.62 per share, up from $60 million or $0.56 per share in the prior year period. As a result of favorable market conditions during the first quarter, we were able to buy back 1.6 million shares of stock at an average price of approximately $96, and we ended the period with $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments.  Now I will review the highlights of our fiscal 2019 financial outlook. Starting with the fiscal second quarter. We expect net bookings to range from $500 million to $550 million. We expect high single-digit growth in recurrent consumer spending, and we expect digitally-delivered net bookings to be approximately flat. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V and Social Point's mobile offerings. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $480 million to $530 million and cost of goods sold to range from $191 million to $217 million. Operating expenses are expected to range from $235 million to $245 million. At the midpoint, this represents 15% increase over last year, driven primarily by higher marketing expense. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $50 million to $62 million or $0.43 to $0.53 per share.  Turning to our outlook for the full fiscal year. We're increasing our operating outlook despite the strengthening of the dollar since last quarter as the result of our better-than-expected first quarter results and strong outlook for the balance of the year. We now expect net bookings to range from $2.7 million to $2.8 billion, up from our prior outlook of $2.67 to $2.77 billion. At the midpoint, this represents a 38% increase over fiscal 2018, driven primarily by the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2; and expected growth from NBA 2K, which we forecast to be partially offset by lower net bookings in Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online. We expect high single-digit growth in recurrent consumer spending, and we expect digitally-delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 20%. The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be Red Dead Redemption 2, NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, WWE 2K and Social Point's mobile offerings. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to be roughly 55% Rockstar Games, 40% 2K, and 5% Social Point and other. And we expect the geographic net bookings split to be about 55% United States and 45% International. Expect to generate approximately $785 million in net cash provided by operating activities.  Effective April 1, we adopted a new accounting standard, which requires the changes in restricted cash be included within our cash flow statement. As a result, our outlook reflects a $72 million increase from the change in restricted cash during the first quarter. We plan to deploy approximately $60 million of capital expenditures. We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion and cost of goods sold to range from $1.43 billion to $1.46 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $900 million to $940 million. At the midpoint, this represents a 21% increase over the prior year, driven by higher marketing, personnel, stock-based compensation and IT expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range from $169 million to $199 million or $1.45 to $1.70 per share. For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 20%.  In closing, fiscal 2019 is off to a solid start and is poised to be one of our best years ever, with record-expected operating results. Over the long term, our industry-leading creative assets, firm commitment to operational excellence and strong financial foundation position our company to deliver growth and margin expansion for our shareholders.  Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for Q2, for recurrent consumer spending, we do expect it to be higher in Q2, and that's due to the growth in the NBA 2K, Social Point, and that's offset by lower GTA Online recurrent consumer spending. 
Lainie Goldstein: And we expect in Q2, recurrent consumer spending on NBA to grow and for it to be up for the full year. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Justin. In terms of After Hours, it's looking very strong. And our focus, of course, is on creating great entertainment and captivating and engaging consumers over a long period of time. That's really everything that we're concerned about. Monetization tends to follow. With the significant updates, the monetization results have typically been very strong. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, thanks for your questions, Brian. We're always worried about the competition. We never take anything for granted, and we don't claim success early. We do our best to create phenomenal entertainment and market it effectively, and then we explain what happened. And we have enormously high expectations for October with the launch of Red Dead Redemption 2. We take the competition seriously. We're really excited about the release. I would just note, you don't have to go back too many years when holiday season was inundated, when people basically only released frontline products in holiday season, and this company performed well at that time as well. So I think it all comes down to quality. In terms of the benefits of early access and other programs, we do have all those kinds of programs. We do believe in them as long as you have something great to consumers that consumers want. So it has worked well for us. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. So you're right. Obviously, as we sell incremental units and have more success, we also have more engagement, and therefore, we typically have incremental recurrent consumer spending. So success breeds success. And we don't actually describe the linear relationship, but we are aware of it. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. As we do a better job with both the game and with opportunities for ongoing engagement, recurrent consumer spending continues to rise. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. In reverse order -- thanks for your question. We don't really talk about how preorders are stacking up digital versus physical. And with regard to potential cross-promotion between Grand Theft Auto and Red Dead Redemption 2, Rockstar Games has employed some creative techniques in cross-promotion. I think they're pretty exciting. Social Club has an awful lot of members, and there are a lot of avid fans, not just for Grand Theft Auto, not just of Red Dead Redemption, but also fans of Rockstar Games. And so I think it's great that there's some cross-promotion going on. But as you know, we always prefer that our labels give more detail on their development and on their promotion and their marketing, and I'm quite certain that Rockstar will do that in the coming months. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. Michael, we don't really give out that much specificity on headcount. We've made no secret to the fact that we've grown our headcount, and group-wide that's focused on development. But I think your percentages are meaningfully off. In terms of your question, which I really think has to do with development cadence, if I heard it correctly. The business has changed back when -- back 10 years ago, we had a business that involved spending a lot of resources to create a big stand-alone title, putting the title into the marketplace and moving to the next title. And Rockstar Games, with the release of Grand Theft Auto IV, pioneered downloadable add-on content. And ever since that, as you know, our company is focused on finding ways to captivate and engage consumers post-release. Now when we don't have a successful title, of course, we don't have that opportunity. But with success, we were fortunate we had quite a bit of it at both of our core labels, we do have such an opportunity. And that's -- the revenues that come from add-on content, we call recurrent consumer spending, as you know, and that's transformed our business. It's up to 63% of our net bookings in the first quarter. It's nearly half of our business in the last year. So I think we are dealing with a very, very different business. And our development teams now continue to raise the bar creatively for what we do. And that was reflected in Grand Theft Auto V, which is now sold in almost 100 million units. And I'm quite certain that it will be reflected in Red Dead Redemption 2. It's also reflected in the quality of work done at the 2K label, whether that's in our Borderlands franchise or in our basketball program or in other of our programs like Civilizations. So I think your expectation should be that our headcount will grow more. We've made no secret to the fact that we have some wonderful intellectual property, and our constraint is not financial and certainly isn't an appetite for growth. Our constraint is that we are insistent on hiring only the best and the brightest creative talent throughout our organization. Those people are hard to come by. And if we can grow even more rapidly, albeit in a disciplined way, that will allow us to develop and launch even more intellectual property based on our existing franchises and based on new franchises. So that's a long-winded way of saying, our cadence has indeed changed because the opportunity has changed, and our business now is diverse. It includes not just frontline console products, but includes numerous avenues of that lead to recurrent consumer spending, whether that's a free-to-play title in China, the biggest of its kind or mobile titles headquartered in Barcelona or mobile titles coming to you from 2K or massively attractive record-breaking online title Grand Theft Auto Online. And that's without talking about what's to come because we don't know what's to come, but we're pretty optimistic. 
Strauss Zelnick: We don't typically spend a whole lot of time talking about our pricing profile. We -- the more successful our titles are, the more price leverage we have, as you would expect. And we've enjoyed a great deal of price leverage historically for our titles. When we need to be promotional, we are. I would say we're exceedingly judicious about physical inventory that we put into the marketplace, which means that we're not under pressure at any given time regarding our pricing policies. But beyond that, we don't give much more color. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We haven't announced anything. I think the notion of a mobile title for NBA 2K in China or broadly in the rest of the world is always interesting. We obviously have a title here. So I think it's an interesting opportunity, but we haven't anything yet to announce. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we've mentioned a number of the projects that are pending at Private Division. There are 4 of them pending. Right now, what we have in the marketplace is Kerbal Space Program, which we acquired, which is doing really well. We don't have any releases from Private Division in fiscal '19 and more to come on Private Division. But we do have 4 titles about which we're incredibly excited in development. 
Strauss Zelnick: So I think we'll do the old multiple-choice answer for your first question, which is D, all of the above. The answer is yes. We attribute the long success for the fact that the title just captured the imagination of the public and set a standard not just for our company but for the industry of what a great video game ought to be. And the online experience is so incredibly robust. It allows you to do so many different things that it keeps people engaged on an ongoing basis. And Rockstar Games continues to drop extraordinary unexpected content into the game. So you're right. It defied our expectations. Part of it is when we first released Grand Theft Auto V and we had Grand Theft Auto Online on its heels, we had never done anything like that. We, Take-Two; we, Rockstar Games, has never done anything like that. We didn't know what to expect. And the cadence of its ongoing extraordinary success, too, is new to us. Does it inform how we look at titles that come after? Well, naturally, it does. But the nature of our approach collectively, specifically the nature of Rockstar Games approach, is never to be derivative and always to shatter expectations. And my belief is that Red Dead Redemption 2 will shatter expectations and that the online experience also will be extraordinary but unexpected. And my view is that all great hits are, by their very nature, unexpected. So that's the goal. There's an expectation around the table here. Of course, there's an expectation at Rockstar Games, and there's expectation on the part of consumers. But our job is to exceed those expectations. And fingers crossed, that's what we're all setting out to do. And we couldn't predict it and didn't presume to with regard to Grand Theft Auto V and that we wouldn't presume to with Red Dead Redemption 2. So we're just hard at work, doing the very best job that we can. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, first of all, thank you for joining us today. Secondly, I'd like to just say thanks again to all of our colleagues here in New York and all around the world, many of whom are [indiscernible] and many of whom are listening. We have the hardest-working people in show business, and we think the very best, and we're grateful to all of our colleagues for their extraordinary work that's reflected in these results. We're also grateful to our shareholders for your continued support. So thank you for joining us today. 
