Lainie Goldstein: Yes. So the first year is definitely due to the comp against the year with COVID from last year. So we had a really strong Q1. And so comping against that quarter was very difficult. And then this quarter, we were seeing a lot of people playing the full game that we put out as well as some of our competitors. So that also affected RCS in the quarter. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in Q1, we're expecting to be down by about 10%, and that's the ongoing of what we're seeing in Q4, which is the players playing the full games of our games and some of our competitors. So that's continuing. We've seen that in Q1, and we expect to see that. For the full year, we expect to see it flat for the full year. So some of our new games that are coming out don't have any recurrent consumer spending associated with that. We expect NBA to be up for the year. And then GT Online and Red Dead Online, we expect to be down for the year. 
Lainie Goldstein: The projections that we gave on the S-4 were not exactly our guidance because these numbers reflected our internal estimates as of a point in time, which was back in December 2021. So there's always some fluidity in our release slate, our marketing plans, the overall operating expense needs and those can change our projections over time.  Also like our net bookings guidance was affected by the Russia-Ukraine situation. So those numbers are not included in our projections, in our guidance right now. So that really affected it. So there's always shifts in our impact on our software development costs and marketing expenses, which also affected the bottom line. So those are some of the differences between guidance and the S-4. 
Lainie Goldstein: So for the first one, Russia and Ukraine is not a big material number for us, but it is something that did change between the S-4 and our guidance. Probably a bigger difference in the top line with more of some of the fluidity in our release schedule. In terms of the currency, it wasn't a huge change for us between those few months. We have a pretty big natural hedge. So there really isn't a big change between then and now for us. When we set our guidance, we set it based on the spot rate at the time. So any major changes from the time that we set our forecast, that could be a difference going forward. But as of right now, it's based on that spot rate. 
Lainie Goldstein: It depends on what games are being worked on and what the -- how big the teams are that are working on the game. So over time, the balance on the balance sheet will go up and down based on what titles are releasing and how the games are being developed. But it doesn't go in line with any one specific game. There's a lot of games being worked on. And as Karl mentioned, there is a large amount of titles that are in the pipeline, and most of those are capitalized other than our mobile titles. 
Lainie Goldstein: No problem. So for the guidance at Zynga, we plan to provide consolidated guidance when we report our Q1 results in early August. 
Lainie Goldstein: In terms of our guidance process in terms of mobile, we haven't closed the transaction yet. So we'll start to work with Zynga closely and get a chance to get under the numbers with them and make sure we have a consistent approach towards how we plan all of our business. So that's the plan right now. 
Lainie Goldstein: So the stand-alone game itself is a full game. But if you're playing it online and buying virtual currency, that's RCS. 
Lainie Goldstein: It's a combination of scale and also the investments other than direct marketing, we would expect those to slow down. The direct marketing will be in line with what titles come out. But the other expenses like headcount and IT expenses and rent, we would expect that to slow down. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, no one likes to see their stock price experience a drawdown, but we ultimately will always trade on our fundamentals, and that's how we look at the company. So we have a really strong company. We continue to perform and outperform expectations as we have in this quarter and this fiscal -- this past fiscal year. We've just issued initial guidance, which is a very positive look at our company and at the market. So we remain in a very optimistic place and I think similarly situated companies probably feel the same way.  When the overall market re-rates, there's nothing that we can do about it nor something that we would wish to do about it. We don't need to access the capital markets at this price level. We're under-leveraged under, no matter how you look at it. We have a small amount of investment grade debt coming with the closing of the Zynga transaction. And then we have a really powerful company that we expect to continue to fire on all cylinders. So momentary changes in the market are kind of irrelevant to us. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we haven't given have any news about broadening the subscription offering. We're thrilled about how it's been rolled out so far. We're thrilled with the conversion rate. And it's clear that consumers really like the opportunity to engage with GTA Online and they value the -- what we're offering through a subscription. And with regard to ongoing content updates, Rockstar has said there's more content coming, and we're excited about that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks for your question. Look, people would like to claim that entertainment is countercyclical or immune to cyclicality, that is not the case. The entertainment business will be affected by an overall economic slowdown. However, we can be seen as resistant to such a slowdown. So for example, if you go back to '08 and '09, the market actually grew in 2008 by 20%. It did decline in '09, but the 12% drop was less pronounced than many other business segments. And after September 11, the U.S. gaming market actually grew by 42% in '01 and 11% in '02.  So in the event of the consumer recession and I'm not going to opine on that because I'm not sure my opinion is very valuable. In such an event, I think we will be resistant but not immune, but we can withstand any such slowdown without a problem. And look, if you put out great entertainment, people will come out for it, and they'll come out in good times and in bad, sometimes they'll come out more in bad times.  By the way, I don't think there's any evidence that we're going to have stagflation. Stagflation referred to a time when there was both high unemployment and high inflation. And by high inflation, mortgage rates were over 16%. We're not in that ballpark.  We're not close to that ballpark, and we have very low unemployment rates in this country right now. So stagflation doesn't seem to me to be a meaningful risk. Some kind of moderate recession, I think, I suppose, is conceptually a risk, but it wouldn't have an impact on this business that we can perceive at the time.  In terms of mobile games, T2 Mobile Games did just fine. They're performing incredibly well and continue to perform well in the fourth quarter. So if that's any guide about how we're going to do, we feel just great about the pending combination with Zynga, and we think there's wonderful opportunities there.  And we think that some of the challenges, for example, the post-IDFA world actually create opportunities for a company that has the kind of consumer database that we collectively have with Zynga and the data analytics that we have to help us navigate that database. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, in reverse order, there are no -- really aren't very many streaming platforms that are up and running right now. Stadia is still up and running. It's -- they don't have that many titles and they have relatively small audience. We've been very supportive of Stadia, but it's a tiny portion of our business, to be clear. And of course, there's Xbox, but these are not meaningful markets right now. . I'm not sure I understood the question. If you're asking like, will the launch of the next update in the Grand Theft Auto series, which has been discussed by Rockstar in a blog post as you pointed out, have a salutary effect on the launch of upcoming platforms. Was that your question? When you're talking about... 
Strauss Zelnick: So Rockstar hasn't talked about any details at all about the next generation of Grand Theft Auto. So there'll be more information to come. But I have no doubt that when that moment comes, and there is another iteration that we'll be releasing to a very robust market. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, we noticed, and we tend to be thoughtful about our business at all times. We're excited about building out our sports business, and we don't have much else to say at the moment. 
Strauss Zelnick: And on the M&A side, our story has mostly been an organic growth story for a very long period of time. We've selectively acquired companies that have great intellectual property and great teams. And then, of course, we acquired Social Point, Playdots and Nordeus in order to enter the mobile business and most excitingly, we expect to close our combination with Zynga next week. But over the 15-year history that this management team has been here at Take-Two, the bulk of our growth, the bulk of our success has been organically driven. And I think that will continue going forward.  And we have a great opportunity because combined with Zynga, we have the best collection of owned intellectual property for PC and console and mobile in the business. And I think the most talented creative people, the most talented executives. Of course, I'm speaking from our perspective, but I believe that, and I think we have to deliver on that promise, and we will do so organically. I don't know what opportunities exist given what I hope will be a short-term re-rating of interactive entertainment stocks. Ultimately, all securities will trade up on their fundamentals. And the fundamentals in this business are quite strong, and I think will continue to be strong. That said, we have the ability in a highly disciplined way to do more inorganic growth transactions. And if they make sense to us, we will pursue them. But it's probably not the first order of business. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. We've said that we believe in returning capital to the shareholders when it makes sense, economically, and we've done buybacks on an opportunistic basis. Generally speaking, when we perceive there to be a deep value opportunity in the marketplace, we perceived such deep value at $158 a share sitting here today, we were wrong about that. But it's still this management team's view that, that represents deep value of this company for what that's worth.  We are heading into a transaction we have put leverage on the company for the first time ever. And so I think again, buybacks won't be our first order of business, but we do retain the flexibility to pursue buybacks if we decide to do so. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we don't track growth to [ a fixed ] quarter-to-quarter. But long term, we believe that there's a wonderful opportunity in interactive entertainment generally and that mobile will continue to be a rapidly growing segment of the marketplace. 
Strauss Zelnick: It's a little early to have that conversation because the transaction has not closed yet. Zynga has been operating successfully as an independent company for approximately 15 years, and they have highly experienced key personnel across all areas of their business under Frank Gibeau's leadership. Zynga has a deep bench of talent, including many executives who aren't exactly public-facing in their roles, but they are running the business on a day-to-day basis.  So we're highly confident that there are plenty of talented executives at the -- what will become the Zynga division of Take-Two, assuming everything goes according to plan. And we're very excited about the future together and we'll have much more to say about that company after the deal closes. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I think we have -- we've put more focus on creative talent here, Take-Two than perhaps any other company in the Interactive Entertainment business and our success has reflected that choice. It's an easy thing to say, it's a hard thing to do. We truly encourage the most creative people in the industry to come to our company and work on what they're passionate about. And we make decisions that are in service of that approach, that strategy and our goal to make great art as well as to make great hits. The work is done by teams, all the work here is done by teams, but the leadership is crucial. And we have great creative leadership across the board, and we're really, really proud of that great creative leadership and grateful to them for the results that they continue to deliver here. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I think on the GTA players, I think what's most interesting is that the market continues to grow, that we've sold in 165 million units of the title even though it was launched in 2013, the title has dominated now 3 console generations. And when we created a stand-alone version of Grand Theft Auto Online, lots of people showed up to play it.  So clearly, the market is huge and continues to grow. And I think Rockstar has done a great job in continuing to make the market accessible for people over a long period of time. But no, we don't have anything specifically to say about the particular people who've shown up even though we have a lot of good data.  And we don't have anything right now to say about the NFL partnership, although we're excited about it and looking forward to releases that will come in the future. 
Strauss Zelnick: We have said that we expect to offer opportunities to engage with our titles on an ongoing basis after release. We aim to provide such opportunities and to monetize them when it makes sense. But there are all different ways to do that. That could be downloadable add-on content or that could be an online multiplayer game. It really depends on the title and as the labels get ready to market and release titles, that will generally be made clear. So it varies title by title. There's not going to be just one singular approach going forward. 
Strauss Zelnick: We want to thank you all for your questions today, for your attention, for joining us and for your support. We really appreciate it. Thanks, all. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. Actually, I think that we never, as an industry, went away from the attractiveness of the story mill content. We've always said that we believe in that kind of content. We've always delivered on that as a company. It's the ultimate entertainment experience. And I think what you're seeing is you're just seeing some other games in the market capitalize on that. I think there are a number of them out there right now, so maybe it looks that way. But when you look at it over time, story-driven content has always been a significant amount -- a significant portion of the activity and also the economy behind the industry, and we expect that to be the case going forward. 
Karl Slatoff: And in terms of the post-COVID outlook, it does feel like we basically are at -- in a normalized situation right now. And actually, things have quite worked out basically as we thought they would. We expected that our audiences would stay with us and they have. And we also expected that we would see some level of pullback in terms of engagement amongst that audience, which we've seen some of that.  And I think you can see that reflected across the entire industry. But at this point, I would characterize it as we sort of normalized, we've stabilized, and I think we're back on the growth trajectory that we were all anticipating a year ago when we expect -- that we felt [ that occurred ] this way. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I would -- again, I don't have numbers -- specific numbers to share with you, but that was a significant marketing beat for us. Any time that we can reengage a consumer base into a franchise, particularly to launch a new franchise, it's going to have a very positive effect. And obviously, we were blessed to have Tiny Tina's because that's one of the most beloved characters in the Borderlands series. So to have access to that, they put out some content prior to the release of Wonderlands. Obviously, it had a positive impact on us and drove momentum prior. 
Karl Slatoff: Sure. In terms of the wage inflation, I think like many other companies, we are feeling the impact of wage inflation and particularly since the labor market is pretty tight right now. That being said, we really do believe that we're very well positioned to attract and retain talent. We offer highly competitive compensation packages, benefit packages, many of which include profit sharing and equity. So when the company succeeds, our employees succeed, and that is very well appreciated.  And there's also the element of our culture where people come here because they like to work here. And they can -- and particularly on the creative side, where they have the freedom to pursue their passions in a way that also enables them to enrich themselves at the same time. So yes, I would say everybody in the entire market is feeling some impact of the tight labor market. But I think, generally speaking, we're pretty well positioned because we consider that a competitive strength of ours. 
