Karl Slatoff: Thanks, Strauss. As we focus on the remainder of the year and beyond, we remain steadfast in our commitment to providing the most captivating and engaging entertainment experiences for our audiences across all platforms and geographies. We believe this is the best strategy and path forward to achieving our goals, driving our expected long-term growth and bringing value to our shareholders. Turning to our upcoming releases. On February 24, Private Division and Intercept Games will launch Kerbal Space Program 2, its early access for PC on Steam, Epic Games Store and other storefronts. KSP 2 will bring an array of content for players to explore and the title promises to be the most visually impressive game in the franchise. Those that purchased KSP 2 in early access will help inform the future development of the game by providing feedback directly to its creators leading up to the full launch of the title. In addition, Private Division has announced several new projects. After us, a riveting exploration debenture game from Piccolo Studios is expected to launch this spring during fiscal 2024 for PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series excellence. Private Division announced a publishing partnership with Bluebird team to develop a new survival harder game expected to launch after calendar 2024. And we unveiled our new Private Division development fund to support smaller independent teams with project financing and mentorship opportunities. On March 17, 2K and Visual Concepts will release WWE 2K23 for PlayStation and Xbox consoles and PC on Steam. In celebration of John Cena’s 20th anniversary as a WWE superstar, the 16-time World Champion’s record-setting philanthropist and WWE 2K23 Executive soundtrack producer will be featured on the cover of each addition of the game. In addition, global music phenom Bad Bunny, 2022's most streamed artist in the world will make his WWE 2K debut as a preorder bonus. Building upon the success of WWE 2K22, this year's installment features a unique take on the 2K showcase, the introduction of the fan-favorite WarGames matches and expenses to several marquee games. Fans can look forward to a deep roster of WWE Superstars and Legends, including Roman Reigns, American Nightmare Cody Rhodes, Ronda Rousey, Brock Lesnar, Stone Cold Steve Austin and more. 2K will support the game with an array of post-launch content and may be purchased individually or through a season pass. Throughout the balance of the fiscal year, Rockstar Games will continue to support Grand Theft Auto Online with additional content updates. And 2K and Firaxis games will continue to release add-on content from Marvel's Midnight Suns and Sid Meier's Civilization VI: Leader Pass. In mobile, Zynga’s Rollic studio will release a vast array of titles as they've done previously, while the label’s other studios remain at work on a variety of games, including several in soft launch that we expect to release in fiscal 2024. We will have more to share on our pipeline when we report our fourth quarter results in May. I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of the strength of PC and console, really our strength has been in the catalog. I mean what we have said before is that -- what we've observed over this period of time is that folks that the big established franchises, particularly those that have been discounted did quite well over the last quarter, and that was our experience as well. So that part of the business did very well for us. A little bit tougher on sort of new releases that are still establishing their player basis. And when folks making difficult choices between games if they can afford to play, they're obviously going to gravitate towards things that they know that they're more familiar with. So, a little bit tougher on the new releases for the younger games. In terms of RCS, we already said on the mobile side, our in-app purchases were in line with expectations, and we continue to buck the trend in advertising. And we did experience some softness on the PC and console side in RCS. And again, that dynamic is what we expect that dynamic in this kind of economic environment. So really -- maybe it was a little bit more exacerbated than we originally expected, but we are continuing to see that.
Karl Slatoff: Yes, I think the way to characterize it is we have seen some improving trends and the way to describe it is it's really been some improvement off of the lows that we've seen in the past.
Karl Slatoff: Sure. I'll take that one. So I would say, the aspiration for any title that we released in the mobile context would be the $100 million of annual bookings. But I can tell you for sure that, that won't be the case release, with that entire release. So our expectation going in, again, the -- how we release mobile is you take it out, you see how it does, you invest a little bit more, you revamp it, you rebalance it, you invest a little bit more, and then you grow from there. What we know that there are going to be titles that we put out that will fall on the mobile side. But the idea is that we need to put the titles out in order to find the ones that can reach that $100 million level or plus. So that is certainly -- that is the strategy, and that's going to be our path going forward. So that's still our expectation.
Karl Slatoff: Yes. I wouldn't say that it would necessarily offset by declines in MyCAREER mode. I think that the goal for NBA is to -- and how we've been growing over the years and how our path to growth in the future is to get more players involved in more modes, so driving across all of the loans. Now we know that we're not going to get everybody to play the game a 100% across every single mode, but that is certainly the goal, because the more engagement, the better ultimately the RCS performance is for those titles and also the more loyal the audience and it's a much better path for us to grow. So our focus has really been on getting players across those modes, and we've had some great success, as you can see on -- not just on MyCAREER, but across the -- in MyTeam area, but across the board.
Karl Slatoff: So in terms of the effect of IDFA, we've been living that for quite a while now. And I would certainly say that, that has stabilized. And I don't think we're expecting -- there's no surprises down the road that we're expecting at this point. And there's been some improvement in how we are able to target since then. So I think there's been some adjusting going on. I don't want to characterize that as we're sort of back to where we were, because that would be a mischaracterization. But we certainly feel like we've got our hands around it, and then we're going in the other direction. So that's positive in terms of our ability to target. I would also mention, too, that in the hypercasual space, it is a much wider funnel and targeting is not -- it doesn't require as much targeting as it does in the normal mobile business. So that's also helped our ability to attract new audiences.
Karl Slatoff: Engagement has definitely been strong across the board. And I would characterize it certainly as a modernization -- as a monetization issue. And we've seen that not just on the PC and console business, but also in the mobile business as well. So, that is specifically engagement that seems to be -- is not the issue for us.
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. I appreciate it. To answer your question, we have enhanced advertising within the Zynga portfolio. Certain titles within that portfolio did not have advertising and now do. And at 2K, with regard to their mobile titles, there's no change. With regard to console titles, we have a limited amount of advertising, but there's no change there as well. With regard to direct-to-consumer, that's a new initiative for us and for the team at Zynga that's being rolled out modestly. We are seeing early signs of success. And obviously, that has a very significant effect on our contribution margins.
Strauss Zelnick: Well, I'll see how I do it then you can determine what your follow-up is like. So in terms of the mobile market, look, the reason we were interested in combining with Zynga is we believe that mobile will continue to be the fastest-growing part of the interactive entertainment business, and we still are of that belief. Yes, there's been some year-over-year pressure, which is, in our view, related to the economy primarily and to a lesser extent, probably, sort of, post-pandemic changes in demand. We think those are near term. And in fact, the trends recently are quite positive in terms of demand. And Zynga has the best portfolio of mobile games in the business. Most of our competitors, good as they may be, have one, two, three, four titles that matter. We have a whole lot more than that. We have these forever franchises. And we also are blessed with phenomenal leadership in that division. So we remain highly optimistic about the growth in the future. I'm not sure I can give you an exact growth rate, but I do think it will continue to be a rapidly growing part of the business. It also diversifies us. We attach a different audience on the mobile side, skews more female. It skews older. And by having a diverse company that has console and PC and mobile titles, we address every part of the interactive entertainment business, and we find ourselves as one of the top three pure plays in the business. With regard to our expectations about in-app purchases and ad revenue going forward, look, in-app purchases still are only relevant for about 10% of the market for 90% of the users, that's not something they're interested in. So if you're selective and careful about how you target it, advertising makes all the sense in the world, because we ought to be able to find a way to monetize all of the viewing, all of the engagement, not just the engagement that leads to spending, particularly because we're not in the toll booth business. We're in the entertainment business. And we want to be able to deliver titles that consumers can enjoy without regard to spending. Spending should enhance the experience for sure, and it does. But in order to be commercial, we should have a robust advertising business that's not intrusive, that's positive for the consumer than consumer experience, and that's exactly what Zynga is building. With regards to new IP -- I'll finish your, I wrote down your questions. So let me just grab you on new IP and then I'll stop talking. On new IP, that remains the biggest challenge in the mobile business. And making new hits in mobile is really, really, really hard. We're working on a bunch of titles about which we're very excited, but it's super hard to make hits. Hit ratios in the business are low.
Strauss Zelnick: What we said today is we expect sequential growth and record results over the next couple of years, and that remains our expectations. We'll give you exact outlooks, including guidance in the coming months.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes, we emphatically agree. The strategy of our company is to make hits across the board. We believe that we have the best collection of owned intellectual property across console, PC and mobile in the marketplace. And our approach has always been to bring out new iterations of beloved franchises. We have 11 franchises that have each sold over 5 million units in an individual release, well over 65 that have sold over 2 million units in an individual release. I don't think anyone else can say that. And look, we have the highest grossing entertainment property ever created of any sort of within our four walls, thanks to the focus of Rockstar. So that is very much our approach. And the truth of the entertainment business is, whether you like it or not, the entertainment business is a top 20 business on a good day and top 10 business on a less good day. We need to be there and that has always been our strategy.
Strauss Zelnick: No, I don't think the business has gotten easier or harder. I think it's pretty much what we expected. As I said, hit ratios in mobile are low, we really good about what's being developed.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And on the second part of the question, we've said all along, and I said it today, the hit ratios in the mobile business are very low. And when we announced the combination with Zynga, the most current question was, well, obviously, you're going to take Take-Two IP to mobile is not great. And my answer was, that is potentially a very exciting opportunity, but it's really, really hard to do. One of our competitors has done it really well with the title, and we're impressed by that and admire it. But we have a healthy respect for how difficult it is. The vast majority of hits in mobile are native to mobile. They are not based on existing IP. They do not come from a console. I'm very optimistic that we're going to give it a try, and I'm really hopeful that we'll do well with it. But it's not a slam dunk.
Strauss Zelnick: It's a really good question. What causes us to believe that it's macro related is that we don't just pull our expectations out of the year. We based our expectations on prior performance of similarly rated titles within that genre. And so in the case of certain of these titles, we've had great scores and terrific critical acclaim and yet the unit sales were lower than expected on an apples-to-apples basis by comparison to prior releases and prior periods. So that is -- that sort of leads us to believe, okay, that's probably a macro result. But I don't mean to imply for minute that quality doesn't matter, quality does matter and the biggest titles will obviously continue to perform with regard to market conditions. So what you're saying is, does that mean you should only put out blockbusters and anything that's short of an expected blockbuster, you can't put out. I think the answer is semi-yes. We can't put out something that we think is going to be a B title. It's never been the case. We have to put out AAA titles. However, not everything is ever going to be Grand Theft Auto. It just isn't going to be that way. And we have shown that we have the ability to launch new franchises. In the case of Borderlands or more recently, Tiny Tina's Wonderlands. Going back farther BioShock, from Rockstar, Red Dead Redemption. These are new intellectual properties, and we were willing to take the risk and support our creative team's vision and passion, and we've been able to create big hits. That's not changing. And there's nothing in our recent performance that leads us to say, we shouldn't invest in this way to the contrary. I believe we should continue to invest in this way. But right now, is the market more selective? Sure. In tougher times when food and fuel is more expensive and people are a little worried, they're going to be more selective. And when they're more selective, they're going to go to promotional titles and they're going to go to blockbusters.
Strauss Zelnick: I don't really think so. I mean, we don't make our frontline titles available day in date. We're thrilled to be in business with subscription services for our catalog titles at the appropriate time. We think that's the right way to support subscription. And subscription is still a relatively small business -- you're talking about businesses. I think the last announcement of Game Pass was 25 million subs. We're not talking about huge broad-based business yet. And in any case, no, I don't believe the business is cannibalizing our business.
Strauss Zelnick: No, we're not seeing any regional differences, particularly. I'm not sure we've been looking for them though, because it's really early still.
Strauss Zelnick: I don't think that discounting in particular is driving our expectations for the quarter. What's driving our expectations for the quarter is just our perception of market demand.
Strauss Zelnick: No, we didn't change our approach to marketing. Our marketing approach varies title by title and reflects our view at any given time for what the opportunity is and in the context of the cost of the marketing programs. But if your question is, did we create a sort of self-inflicted wound by somehow spending less, for example, on marketing and getting worse results? The answer is no. But equally, it's not like we've created a self-inflicted wound by spending more on marketing and not getting results. We tailored the marketing to the opportunity. Unfortunately, the opportunity set was a little smaller than we thought.
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. I mean, we’ve been believers in our gaming. We were one of the first licensees, if not first license -- licensor, sorry, to Stadia, to support that project. But remember, cloud gaming is a technology. It's not a business model. It's a distribution technology. And our view is, broader distribution is always a good thing in the entertainment business. If we can reach more consumers with our properties, we're happy to do it as long as the terms make sense. And I think broader distribution over time probably benefits us in any number of ways, including the cost of distribution, which I believe will go down over time. That said, I've never felt like cloud gaming would be size -- would represent a seismic change. Because I think if you're prepared to pay $60 or $70 for frontline title, you're also prepared to buy a console. And I think Stadia found that out. So bringing high-quality titles to consumers who don't have consoles will probably have an effect around the edges, but I don't think it will be a revolution in the business, I think it will be more an evolution in the business. And there's still technical challenges to be addressed.
Strauss Zelnick: You know, I'm the first person to be skeptical of other people's side. And I would like to note that, AI stands for artificial intelligence, and there is no such thing as artificial intelligence. All that said, I'm really excited about what we're seeing right now with ChatGPT and other leaps forward in artificial intelligence and machine learning. And I do think that we'll be and others will be creating tools that will enhance our development and probably reduce some of the costs for what we have to do today. But I don't think you're going to see it have an effect on the overall cost structure of the business, because I think it will just raise the bar. I think any time you make things easier, we're going to want to do more and our teams will want to do more. The belief among college students, the ChatGPT is not going to allow them to just make a query in sending their homework. The problem is -- the question is describe what actually happened on the night of Paul Revere's ride, if that's the question, and everyone gets the same question, which you do in class and everyone uses ChatGPT, whoops, everyone's going to submit the same assay last time I checked. And so ChatGPT is today's hand calculator. When I was a kid, there was no such thing. I hate to admit, but it's true. So I had to do math longhand. And then hand calculators came along and parents were up in arms that thought, 'Oh, kids won't have to learn math anymore. And the answer is yes, you still have to learn math, turns out. You absolutely have to learn math. Like you have a tool that makes it easier to do. And ChatGPT is the same thing. We are ushering in a very exciting era of new tools. And they're going to allow our teams and our competitors' teams to do really interesting things more efficiently. So we're going to want to do more. We're going to want to be even more creative. And no, it's not going to allow someone to say, please develop the competitor to Grand Theft Auto that's better than Grand Theft Auto, and then they will just send it out and ship it digitally and then that will be that. People will try, but that won't happen.
Strauss Zelnick: We've been pretty flexible about return to office, and our teams have been great. One of the many wonderful things about working at Take-Two, the amazing people that we work with. We're more than 11,000 people strong around the world. And our attrition rate remains much, much lower than the industry average. And I think that's because -- this is an extraordinary place to work where we seek the best and the brightest on both the business and the creative side, and we encourage people to pursue their passions and excellence at the same time. So productivity is strong. Performance is strong. We probably never had a period this long with all of our titles showing up or performing. I believe in the last two years, we've had the best reviews and the best scores we've ever had. And that's why the business challenges are a bit frustrating, because our people are delivering. And we will deliver over time as long as we keep doing that, and that's the plan.
Strauss Zelnick: Thank you for joining us today. I wish we were giving you better news across the board. There is so much good news here, and we're really proud of it. As I said just a minute ago, the thing we're most proud of is our phenomenal colleagues all around the world to whom all of us are so grateful. And as for our results, we plan to do better. We thank you for your support.
Matthew Thornton: Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. May be two, if I could. Coming back to mobile. I don't know if this one’s for Strauss, but can you give us maybe your higher level thoughts as you think about the mobile market? And I know it's hard to tease apart macro versus what's going on, on the user acquisition side with Apple ATT. But, I guess, putting macro aside, if you think about the mobile market over the next couple of years, how do you think about the growth rate of that business? And how are you thinking maybe different about the mix of in-app purchase versus ad revenue or the right genres or new IP versus existing franchises, the right cost structure, there's more opportunity there. Just how are you thinking about that as that market has obviously been very dynamic? And then I have a follow-up, but I'll stop there.
Matthew Thornton: Yes. Just one quick follow-up, Strauss, and that's really impressive that you got all those, by the way. I was keeping note. So that's impressive. On the -- any -- you talked about the next couple of years getting back to record bookings, which you've talked about for a while now. I think you talked about sequential growth. Does that apply to fiscal 2024? I guess just any early thoughts about how we can start thinking about fiscal 2024? And then I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks again.
Matthew Thornton: Yes, thanks. Hey, Strauss, another big picture question. As you look out over the next several years, maybe in the next 5 to 10 years, I'm curious, kind of, your thoughts on how AI can impact the business good or bad? Or again, what you see on the horizon as potential disruption opportunity? Just any thoughts there would be helpful, particularly how you're thinking about AI. Thanks, again.
Matthew Thornton: Okay. Maybe I'll sneak in one -- a second one, if I could, as well. Just really around productivity. Obviously, you guys are pretty far along in the return to office. When you step back and think about that big pipeline and all the projects that you've laid out, how do you feel like things are progressing from a productivity standpoint now that, again, you're pretty far along in the return to office. Thanks again.
