Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Eric. This is Strauss. So on Red Dead Online, we exited the beta phase on May 14 with a huge update and created a lot of opportunity to enjoy the online world. We also introduced poker at that time. In addition, throughout the first quarter, Rockstar released additional content, including new weapons, clothing, emotes and others which I mentioned earlier. We're not giving out any statistics. However, we're really thrilled with the sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 at over 25 million units and we're excited about the continuing momentum with Red Dead Online. We've also said that we expect that Rockstar Online, which is both Red Dead Online and Grand Theft Auto Online, should be setting a new record this year. So couldn't be more excited. And Karl will talk about Private Division. 
Strauss Zelnick: And in terms of the new casino update, this has been our biggest ever for Grand Theft Auto Online, which is saying a lot. And what we've seen already is record player engagement in daily, weekly and monthly active users with a lot of more content coming. So it's looking just fantastic. And of course, we're up year-over-year in the quarter, which is great.  Turning to the platform fees. Look, with competition, I think you have to expect that we will do much better in terms of take rates. You're already seeing that some recently launched platforms have announced lower fees. And if you go from an oligopoly environment to a broadly competitive environment, I think that has to be your expectation. And I would just note that, that obviously, that benefits the company directly as those fees decline. And that's how we've been counting. That doesn't even count, of course, the volumes. So I think it's going to be sort of the food is both tasty and plentiful which is nice. 
Strauss Zelnick: Thanks, Drew, for your question. Yes, we've been blessed by the amazing work that Visual Concepts and 2K do on NBA 2K, and we're having a record-setting year again this year with NBA 2K19, which has sold-in over 12 million units and recurrent consumer spending was up 140% in the quarter. Just amazing with extraordinary growth in average games played and daily active users really across the board. And I attribute that to not only that we have the industry-leading sim game, but that you can inhabit this game and enjoy its -- sort of the lifestyle that it offers for -- in addition to playing the sim game itself. I think 6, 7 years ago, basketball was a 3-month experience. And now it's a 9-, 10-month experience, and we think it's going to grow to be a full 1-year experience. To address your question particularly, the last console cycle had no negative influence on us and frankly, not really much on the industry because the entire platform business is diversifying. And the PC format particularly since that's now all digital has transformed that business. That can be 40%, 50% of a release, of a console release now if you're out on all those platforms. And that'll continue to grow. So we expect that the new console generation will be a significant net positive, and there's nothing about an annualized sports title that would play out differently. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, thanks. With a game like Red Dead where you can engage significantly with the characters in the games, we think there are wonderful opportunities for players to experience the Red Dead Online world on an ongoing basis, especially as new content is dropped. And we tend to focus on the experience first. We want to make something that consumers love and engage with and then monetization follows. But we do feel there are and will be plenty of opportunities to create recurrent consumer spending based on the format of the Red Dead Online world. 
Strauss Zelnick: Well, really appreciate it. And yes, you're right, law of big numbers. As the numbers get bigger, of course, growing at the same rate will become more challenging. But we have this wonderful situation in the marketplace, which is that the sector has extraordinary tailwinds. And we expect those to continue. And that's driven by the growth in the cohort that enjoys video games. Remember, people consume for the rest of their lives the entertainment that they loved at the age of 17. The video game business is about 30 years old, 35 years old effectively. And the average player age today is around 37 or 38. So plenty of room for growth. As people age, more people come into the market, but people don't stop playing video games. So for 20 or 25 years, demographics will grow, will cause the industry to grow and the industry participants who do a good job will benefit from that. We're also seeing growth from geographies that we're currently not involved in, for example, Africa and India, to a lesser extent, Russia, the Middle East and of course, China, where we currently have a meaningful business, but we think there's a lot of growth opportunity there as well. And third, growth in new business models, new technologies such as streaming. And new kinds of games, I would just observe 10 years ago, there was no mobile business. And today, that's a $60 billion marketplace. And at the same time that, that has sprung up and grown, the core console and PC businesses continue to grow at a rapid clip. So this industry is the most rapidly growing industry in entertainment, and that's not going to change for the next 10, 20, 25 years. Now with that backdrop, can we fail to execute? Of course, we can. So what are we doing about it? First, our focus is on being the most creative, the most innovative and the most efficient company in the business. We take that incredibly seriously. And the reflection of that are the quality of what we do most of the time and the reflection of that is in the financial results that we're able to deliver more often than not. Right now, we are increasing -- to your specific question, we are increasing our investment in development. We are increasing our R&D investment. We do expect to enhance our release schedule. We launched Private Division. We bought Social Point. And I think you can expect opportunities are both driven organically and driven inorganically. So finally, when we took over this company roughly 12 years ago, we had $700 million in net revenue. This year, we're projecting to $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion in net bookings. That is primarily organic growth. We've done a few acquisitions, but primarily, that's organic growth. And I'd be loath to give you a prediction of an annual growth rate. I can't really do that. But what I can tell you is, we're duty-bound to deliver new IP every year and new releases of franchise IP. We're duty-bound to deliver the biggest and best titles in the business and it's our job to create hits. And more often than not, we do that. If we do that, we're going to have a great set of results. And if we can add on somehow some inorganic growth, which is also a part of our current strategy, selectively and in a highly disciplined way, then we could deliver even more growth. I always like to say, you can listen to the words, but it's always better to look at the actions because that's probably what will be repeated. And our actions are, we deliver hits and we deliver organic growth. 
Strauss Zelnick: We do think it's had a big impact along with the exposure of GTA and the popularity of GTA and Twitch, which has led to this relationship with Twitch Prime that we're super excited about. So we're all astonished and delighted that 6 years after the initial release, Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online are even bigger cultural phenomena than ever. But as you pointed out, what's that driven by? That's driven by the content that Rockstar continues to deliver the audience and the respect that Rockstar shows its audience and the desire to keep being on the cutting edge of entertainment. That's our goal around here and Rockstar personifies the execution of that. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The structure of those titles economically are, if we are able to create hits, they have the same pound-for-pound economic benefit than any of our other titles around here. So there's a great opportunity, but that opportunity will be delivered to the extent that we deliver hits. And we never claim success before we have it, ever. That said, our expectations are high. The buzz is very strong. The team there, led by Michael Worosz, takes the quality part of our strategy exceedingly seriously. They are very disciplined and very, very selective. And we're grateful that we get to work with some of the best creators on Earth. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. And with regard to Red Dead Online, we said that post coming out of beta in May, the title has been performing better and better and gaining momentum. We don't have any more statistics to share except to say that it's going well, continuing to go better and that we're very, very optimistic. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. It's technically there -- it's relatively seamless. There are some minor challenges, nothing that we can't surmount. We are supportive of Stadia. We feel really good about that release. We've always said that you want to distinguish a distribution technology from a business model. The business model that we're using is one that's tried and true which is downloading for sale or streaming for sale. And there's not a lot of friction to make our titles available and Google's been exceedingly helpful. We feel very good about the opportunity. It remains to be seen how the platform works. They're awfully talented and they're very, very committed. So fingers crossed that it meets and exceeds consumers' expectations. 
Strauss Zelnick: Right. And just, I mean, while it's maybe not a perfect analogy, we launched NBA 2K Online 2 in China and NBA 2K Online, the first version, is still in market. They're both in market simultaneously. And our recurrent consumer spending is way, way up year-over-year. We have the highest registered user base we've ever had. So again, I'm not sure it's a perfect analogy, but when you give people something they love and then you continue to support it and then potentially offer a new version for whether it's a new version of the title itself or a new version to reflect a new distribution platform or technology or console cycle, your audience is going to expand. And your second question about, would you ever consider splitting your purchase of a game from an online community. When you use the word ever, we'll consider anything that's good for the consumer and makes sense for us. We're not a rule-based organization. I would just observe though that the metrics around free-to-play are very different than the metrics around a console or a PC release with a subsequent online event that's ongoing. And it's nice to be in a position where we deliver something that's of such high quality that consumers are prepared happily to pay an entry price. And then we'll stay engaged with a title that on a stand-alone basis could look a lot like a free-to-play title. But by tethering it to the initial release, we've prequalified the consumer and the economics are obviously vastly more powerful. So we're open-minded about any business model in the fullness of time, but I think our current business model is very receptive to the needs of consumers and also speaks to the needs of the producing organization and our creative folks. And as I've said on numerous occasions, whenever you're trying to assess whether a particular business model works in entertainment, look for that intersection of what's good, first and foremost, for the consumer and then secondly, what's good for the producer and the distributor. You have to find the sweet spot that encompasses both of those things or you'll have an unstable environment, an environment that either can't support the consumer or can't support the producer or distributor. 
Strauss Zelnick: So what we've said is, we wouldn't expect to annualize any titles other than sports titles. We have represented other sports in the past. We've had baseball. We've had boxing. We've had hockey. We currently have golf, and we're excited about expanding that business to the extent it makes sense for us and for the consumer. But there really aren't that many powerful sports. And right now, the rights are spoken for by some of our competitors. So I don't think you should expect that you're going to see a big array of new titles in the sports environment for us. But we are ambitious and we are open-minded, and if rights became available, I believe we would be at the front of the line given the quality of our development. In terms of NBA in China, look, NBA's beloved in China, and NBA 2K Online in China reflects that. And we think there's a lot of opportunity for growth, particularly in mobile. And as I've said before, I'm of the view, and this has got to be a particularly unpopular view today, that the Chinese market will soften, will open up, will be more congenial to all forms of Western entertainment. And while that won't happen overnight, we're good participants in the market. We have great local partners, including Tencent. We comply with government restrictions. And we think that it is possible that, that market will open up, and we intend to be first in line to the extent that it does. We also would love to see some engagement with regard to the NBA 2K League in China. We think there is some potential opportunity there with Tencent. 
Strauss Zelnick: We'd like to thank you all for your interest and for joining the call. And I think it bears repeating that all of these results are a reflection of the work done by some 5,000 people in our organization worldwide, first and foremost, our extraordinary creative folks across all 4 of our label groups. And then, of course, our business folks who distribute and market the products and account for the numbers and provide legal services and keep all the trains running on time. We have an amazing culture here. We have an amazing array of colleagues. We're all aligned. We're all heading in the same direction. We love what we do. We do so with a smile on our faces. And all of us here are so grateful for the work of all of our colleagues around the world, and I hope that comes across. I just want to also say if it's not clear from this call, we're immensely optimistic about our prospects for the remainder of this year and for the years ahead. It's a challenge every day, but it's a challenge that we relish. And we're proud of what we've been able to do so far, and we all firmly believe this is just the beginning. So thanks for joining us today. 
Karl Slatoff: So for Private Division, we've announced 3 titles to date. Private Division has been in existence for quite some time, and we tend to only announce things when we are ready to announce things about games themselves. We have a lot of other activity that we haven't talked about with Private Division, but those are the 3 games that we've announced. Ancestors with Patrice Désilets at Panache Games. We have The Outer Worlds with Obsidian. And we just announced recently Disintegration with V1, which is Marcus Lehto's studio. So that's all we have to say at the moment, but you should expect more in the future. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. In terms of Borderlands 3, we haven't discussed too much about our plan for recurrent consumer spending, but as with most our games if not all our games, we have a robust plan around delivering post-launch and game content to engage with consumers. And it will be a bit different than Red Dead Online. For the most part, we've talked about DLC content, so story-driven, mission-based content. There'll be some cosmetics with Borderlands 3, but it is a different kind of experience. As we said before, 2K is going to be announcing more about that in the not-too-distant future. So you'll get a little bit more clarity on exactly what we have to offer. But if history -- and we don't really talk about engagement and attach, but I think most of the people on the call know that Borderlands has a very strong history of delivering a lot of downloadable content and having great success with that. So obviously we're very excited about that plan. 
Karl Slatoff: Yes. In terms of our out-years release schedule, we basically disclosed everything that -- we've already disclosed everything we've been talking about now. So there's nothing more to say about that other than the fact that we do have -- and you can see it in our numbers, we have talked about our R&D expenses going up, particularly this year, which will be indicative of investment in new titles. So that is, in fact, what's going on, and we've got a very robust -- and maybe our most robust pipeline of all time for new IP. A lot of that's driven by Private Division, but there's new IP throughout the entire company as well. So again, you'll be hearing more about that soon in the future. 
Karl Slatoff: In terms of Social Point, as you know, our 2 main titles continue to perform very, very well. And we have announced the we've had approximately 10 games in development. That hasn't really changed. Games can come in, can come out, but that sort of reflects where the capacity is for that division in terms of having things in different stages of the pipeline in any given point. We did launch Tasty Town in January to a global launch and we also launched Word Life in May. So not every game makes it, but the good news is, we've got games that are actually coming out and are worthy of global launch. So we continue down that path. And like I said, you can expect to see new games coming out of Social Point all the time, but that 10 number is still a good number. 
Karl Slatoff: So yes, NBA 2K19 is, in fact, it's actually exceeding our expectations. And it's really changed over the year. I don't know if you'll recall that we weren't necessarily projecting that units would be higher than they were iteration over iteration. Now we are significantly. We're already nearly 12 million units at this point. So it is certainly growth in units. That always helps. When you've got a higher base of people playing the game that creates this virtual circle that's obviously had a positive effect on RCS as well. So RCS is up 140% quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year for this quarter. That's a huge change for us. And yes, of course, the number of units and getting more players in had a lot to do with that, but also I think how we're more effectively engaging folks because if people are engaged and we give them more things to do, then ultimately that leads to positive things from an economic standpoint. And some of the things that we've done because we've learned from the past is that, and Strauss mentioned this before, is that we're focused on trying to keep people engaged throughout the entire year, through the entire season, certainly through the summer and the playoffs, through the end of the season and then also through the summer. And the way that we do that is, first of all, I think the NBA 2K League has driven more interest, and that engages folks ultimately and the league just ended a few weeks ago. And also just a different mix of game modes that appeals to a broader audience and play styles. There's promotional activity that we've tried over the past few months, new player virtual currency bundles and also some late-cycle MyTeam content. So it's really a combination of a lot of things that helps drive people to the game but also getting them more engaged in the game. And if they're more engaged in the game, they're going to spend more money ultimately. And there's a lot of dry powder there. I would say we're still in the early innings of learning how to do this the best way. 
Karl Slatoff: So for Borderlands 3, we are very excited about where things are right now from a buzz perspective, but also from an economic performance perspective. We probably would have never anticipated that our catalog sales from the previous Borderland releases would have accelerated as much as they did. Now that didn't come without real effort and real planning, but I think the response has certainly outweighed our expectations. So I would say, if anything, the past couple of months of activity would not -- starting with the various marketing beats that the marketing team at 2K has undertaken, but the actual just the promotional activity that we've had and the reaction from consumers where they're actually opening up their checkbooks and spending money, that bodes very, very well for Borderlands 3. So we're very excited about that. 
Karl Slatoff: It's Karl. From a tech perspective, one thing to keep in mind is generations, if you look at the releases that happen in the early part of a new generation versus the later part of a new generation, it's not necessarily a huge leap. And what you see is generation -- the releases at the end of a generation tend to look very different than the releases in the beginning of the generation. So when you're talking about trends, like putting games onto -- releasing games that are pre-existing games or even games that existed before and you're doing a sequel, bringing them to the next early on in the generation, there is certainly a technical challenge, but you're not necessarily going to be taking advantage of everything that the new generation has to offer. So it's not as disruptive as you may think. It also presents an opportunity to do something more with something that you've got out before. Because one thing is for sure, if you just take something and try to port it over, it's not necessarily going to generate any buzz. And most of the platforms are really talking about backward compatibility this time around as well. So that certainly is not going to resonate. So it is -- there are challenges, but it's not as disruptive as you may think. 
Lainie Goldstein: For the fiscal year guidance increase, it is driven primarily by the first quarter beat, but we've also updated our forecast for the remainder of the year. And the primary increases are GTA V, GTA Online and Borderlands 3. 
Lainie Goldstein: Last year, it was $60 million for the year. This year, the increase is driven by some development kits as well as some build-outs with some new office throughout the organization. 
Lainie Goldstein: For Rockstar Online, for fiscal year '20 growth, yes, we expect the 2 games together to grow, but GTA Online for the full year will be down over last year. Q1 and Q2 are up over the prior year. So still really early in the year, so we'll see how the rest of the year plays out, but right now the 2 together are up. 
Lainie Goldstein: So Borderlands 2, we've sold-in to date 22 million units, and it's always our aim to grow each sequel of our franchises from iteration to iteration. And the consumer excitement is incredibly strong so we're really excited about the title. And when we looked at our numbers for the remainder of the year, we were able to bring up the forecast based on what we've been seeing. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of Rockstar Online, yes, we said it would grow without the special edition VC allocation. And it's not growing at this moment including it, but it's still early in the year. So we'll see how the year susses out. 
Lainie Goldstein: So in terms of the digital and recurrent consumer spending, it is continuing to help grow the gross margin, and you'll see that on the full year. In the quarter, we have a new release coming out. And with that, we have additional cap software expense and development costs. So that would be a little bit higher in the quarter. In terms of the expenses, in Q1, there was a little bit of marketing that didn't happen during the quarter that's going to get pushed out to the remainder of the year. You'll see the biggest marketing in Q2 and Q3 around our biggest releases and then they'll come down a little bit in Q4. 
