Strauss Zelnick: Ben, thank you. The first year for Red Dead, the last release was 8.5 million units and lifetime to date is around 15 million units. We're not talking about our expectations except obviously we're incredibly excited about the title, not just Red Dead, also the online offering to come. So Rockstar will talk more about the title. But obviously, we're -- there's a great anticipation both on the part of ourselves and consumers. Lainie is going to talk about your second question. 
Strauss Zelnick: And then with regards to Social Point, look, we acquired Social Point because we see it as a strong stand-alone company that's expert in the mobile and free-to-play market, and they have owned intellectual property in a multiplicity of hits and they now had to engage with consumers and then to monetize that engagement. We want them to keep doing what they're doing and keep growing the business. We obviously have high expectations. We love the fact that the deal was accretive to bookings and cash flow from operations immediately and expect it to be accretive to net income in fiscal '18 without regard to amortization and transaction costs. In terms of potential engagement with the other labels, it's too early say. One thing that we pride ourselves on is that our enterprise is comprised of creatively independent entities where people can pursue their -- not only can but are encouraged to pursue their passion. We all work together collectively, but the cooperation then that occurs will be organic. It won't be driven by the center. 
Strauss Zelnick: Hey. Thanks, Eric. So in terms of our comments, which have been limited about fiscal '18, I think the only thing that we've said or at least for Karl saying is we expect to see growth in bookings and cash flow. And all we've said about the release schedule so far is, of course, reflecting Rockstar's announcement about Red Dead Redemption 2 and the fact that we expect our normal annual releases and then of course, you would expect to see our recurrent consumer spending opportunities and catalogs sales. But we haven't talked about anything else yet. And in terms of Social Point, the idea of making sure some of the consideration was -- in stock is to align interest, to make sure that the principles of Social Point have a stake in our enterprise and as the enterprise continues to perform, they benefit from that and to make sure that all of our interests are aligned. 
Strauss Zelnick: Mike, thanks. So we obviously will keep continued engagement with GTA online is driven at least partially by the ongoing content creation, which people love. And Rockstar has said they will continue to support GTA Online with more content to come. Anything more specific, of course, will come in due time from Rockstar. I don't really have a point of view on player-created content to share. And on Red Dead, I'm fond of saying entertainment is an unusual animal, in that entertainment properties don't really compete with other entertainment properties in that you never need entertainment. Entertainment is something that you want to have, but it's not a need to have. If nothing in the market appeals to you at some time, there's no reason to go and get it. And if multiple things appeal to you, avid consumers will consume all of those things. So I don't think there's any competitive dynamic with any of our upcoming releases apart from the fact that our success is driven by quality. So I think the success of Red Dead, which is highly anticipated, will be driven by its quality, and I think the ongoing success of Grand Theft Auto Online is driven by its extraordinary quality. 
Strauss Zelnick: Yes. The channel remains healthy. Our primary source of distribution remains physical distribution at 75% of our new generation console sales. But you're right, it is -- digital distribution is growing at the benefit to consumers, and we actually derive gross margin benefit from it, and we can't deny that. But our retail remains a very important partner. That hasn't changed, and we don't expect that to change anytime soon. 
Strauss Zelnick: So in terms of the online experience, Rockstar will announce more in due time, and that's not something we typically talk about on these calls except to say that we're really excited about what is to come. In terms of marketing support, look, we support all of our releases very significantly. We're incredibly proud of our marketing teams throughout the company, and we're -- our support is quite significant for all of our releases. Social media is a big part of marketing plans today. Digital media is a big part of all of our marketing plans. And outdoor remains a big part of our plan. So I think you should expect to see, with regard to all of our releases, very significant marketing support. 
Strauss Zelnick: So our perspective on the mobile hasn't changed at all. We're aware of the size of the business. It's a $40 billion market. And we found it exciting, and we are relatively significant participants in mobile and in free-to-play now through titles like the NBA 2K Companion app, WWE SuperCard and other forms of supporting our titles that are reflected in recurrent consumer spending. We had a record quarter for bookings related to recurrent consumer spending. So obviously, it's an important part of our strategy. What we love about Social Point is that it addressed the exact criteria we were looking for in an acquisition in the space in that they own their intellectual property, in that they have a track record of creating a multiple hits, not just one hit, in that they have real scale, in that they are profitable, and in that their team has a great culture and a culture that fits well with ours, we believe. We were also looking for an acquisition that would be immediately accretive to bookings and cash flow from operations, and this one will be. So our thinking hasn't changed. What changed with Social Point was an opportunity to bring a company into our enterprise that meets all of the criteria we were seeking, and that's what makes it so exciting. With regards to Switch, we're excited about Switch. We're supporting Switch with NBA 2K18. We've said we're supporting the platform. I've said over and over again that when Nintendo comes to market, you never want to count them out. So we're excited about it. The only thing we've announced so far is the basketball title. 
Strauss Zelnick: On behalf of all of our colleagues and our entire management team, we want to thank you for joining us today. Thanks for our shareholders. Mostly thanks to the people at this company all over the world, many of whom are listening now, for their incredible contributions, their great creative work, the passion with which they pursue their jobs, the great job they do at marketing, at distribution, accounting, cash management, investor relations. We all work together here in every part of our business to achieve these results. It's a shared victory, and we couldn't be more pleased. So thank you everyone. 
