John Gamble: Thanks and good morning, welcome to today's conference call. I'm John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer. With me today is Mark Begor, Chief Executive Officer. Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the Investor Relations section in the About Equifax tab of our website at www.equifax.com. During this call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements including fourth quarter and full year 2019 guidance to help you understand Equifax and its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC including our 2018 Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Also, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted revenue, adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax and adjusted EBITDA, which will be adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability of our underlying operational performance. For the third quarter of 2019, adjusted revenue excludes one-time settlements in the third quarter of 2019 with commercial customers. Adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax excludes one-time settlements with commercial customers in 3Q 2019, costs associated with acquisition-related amortization expense, the income tax effect of stock awards recognized upon vesting or settlement, the foreign currency losses from remeasuring the Argentinean peso-denominated net monetary assets. Adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax also excludes legal and professional fees related to the 2019 cybersecurity incident, principally fees related to our outstanding litigation and government investigations, as well as the incremental non-recurring project cost designed to enhance our technology and data security. This includes projects to implement systems and processes to enhance our technology, and data security infrastructure, as well as projects to replace and substantially consolidate our global networks and systems, as well as the cost to manage these projects. These projects that will transform our technology transformation and further enhance our data security, were incurred throughout 2018 are expected to occur in 2019 and 2020. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to Equifax adding back interest expense, net of interest income, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization and also as is the case for adjusted EPS, excluding one-time settlements with commercial customers, cost related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident and foreign currency losses from remeasuring the Argentinean peso-denominated net monetary assets. These non-GAAP measures are detailed in reconciliation tables which are included with our earnings release and are also posted on our website. Before Mark discusses our specific operating and financial results for the quarter, I wanted to address the $20 million in one-time commercial resolutions with two USIS commercial customers we recorded in the third quarter. These commercial resolutions related to issues that occurred prior to this year. As these settlements were to resolve commercial disputes, they were treated under GAAP as a reduction to revenue in the quarter.  Due to the size and one-time nature of these commercial resolutions, we have excluded them in our adjusted results. As Mark and I discuss results for the third quarter of 2019, we will be discussing revenue excluding these one-time revenue adjustments.  Over the next couple of months, Trevor Burns who leads the Equifax Investor Relations Group will be taking a medical leave of absence. In the interim, please direct any request for information or meeting requests to Valerie Robinson, at 404-885-8110 or to Valerie.robinson@equifax.com, that’s valerie.robinson@equifax.com. Valerie will connect you with me or identify the appropriate Equifax resource to address your inquiry. Thank you for your patience in getting your inquiries resolved during this period of time.  Now I'd like to turn it over to, Mark.
John Gamble: And then, Manav, We are pleased with the performance. We are pleased with sequential growth. I think we’ve been pretty clear with you and others that that was our expectation. We feel very strong commercial momentum with USIS and we may have had an internal bar that was a little bit higher. But we are very pleased with the performance. 
John Gamble: Yes, no change in what we’ve talked about the last couple quarters on the benefits we expect from the tech transformation. And as you know, we expect that to come in a couple of different vectors. One is, we expect it to enhance our competitiveness in the marketplace. Our ability to rollout new products.  The stability benefits to deliver the speed and the example that I shared earlier of our ability now to deliver real-time streaming of alerts and inquiries is something that wasn’t possible before. So those are the benefits that should come from the top-line. We are starting to see some of those as we rollout new products.  On the cost side, we’ve talked about a 15 or so percent benefit in our tech cost from a runrate standpoint and that comes, as you know from the benefits from a simpler and new cloud-based infrastructure and the one that’s consolidating a lot of desperate systems. There is no change in our outlook for that. As we talked previously, both the revenue and the savings will start to feather in as we move forward and I talked about in my comments, five legacy datacenters coming off so far in 2019.  Those are cost benefits and of course we got duplicate costs in some cases. In a lot of cases now we’re running duplicate exchanges on legacy and in the cloud. And that will continue in 2020 and as we prepare 2020 guidance, we’ll reflect that in the guidance. But on a runrate basis, when we complete the tech transformation, we expect to get those kind of savings.  And then, the third leg on this, as we talked about is the cash conversion through – it should improve through lower development costs going forward which we expect, still expect in that kind of 20% to 25% range that will allow us to have a more efficient technology infrastructure and allow us to have more cash for acquisitions for an M&A work, as well as our dividend and stock buyback when we decide to make the decision on that. 
John Gamble: Yes, no. The answer is a clear no, that we view it as integral to the value proposition that Workforce Solutions delivers to companies and employers around the United States and then in other markets that we are going into. And it really provides a full suite of capabilities to the HR organization in our partnered companies and we believe that it’s quite integral and during strong economic times, there is less unemployment.  So there is some pressure on that business. In other economic times when the economy is slower, we see benefits from the unemployment, but it’s really integral to the value proposition that we provide to our partners and it allows us to provide real services to the HR teams and our contributors. And then also of course, get the contributed data records from them that is a part of our verification business. 
John Gamble: Yes, just on NPIs, as you know, just remember that the bulk of the revenue from new products we accounted over three years tends to occur in the second half of year two and year three. Right, so in the first year, that doesn’t tend to be that much revenue from a new product. 
John Gamble: And in terms of your question around our guidance and the forecast we provided, so again, I think we provided a lot of context in our prepared remarks. I think right now, if you take a look at our fourth quarter, we think it’s really, it would be a very strong quarter for us. Very nice revenue growth. Margins up over 35%, up 200 basis points.  It’s a big improvement despite the fact that we are seeing these increased costs, increased depreciation, increased cloud costs, as well as some of the investments Mark making. So, I think we feel good about what we provided.  Also, if you take a look sequentially, what the third quarter to fourth quarter now looks like, it looks like a very – much more normal seasonal pattern, which again gives us confidence as we look through the rest of the year. 
John Gamble: Yes, we view this as a one-time, which is why we’ve accounted for net fashion. You always have commercial issues and commercial disputes generally, there is not of this size and is with two customers and we opted to have the kind of resolution that we did at the right solution for us and for our customers going forward and we do view it as a one-time. 
John Gamble: Yes, so, again, USIS is, I think, Mark mentioned right, we did have an uptick in development spend, right? And a focus on development spend in other areas and overall, that is occurring and as we mentioned in the script, right, royalties are higher. And that’s also impacting margins. But, in terms of one-time, I wouldn’t call them one-time. I’d say our – the uptick in development spend is something that we intend to continue, perhaps not at quite this level. But we intend to continue going forward and we continue to invest in the commercial teams there.
John Gamble: That was about it. It’s a runrate. I must saying it’s for the whole year of 2019 with the runrate exiting at that level. Yes. 
John Gamble: Yes, Gary, as you know that the step functions come when we unplug one of our datacenters and we’ve gone from three unplugged up to five this year. That’s going to continue in 2020 and our plan is to give you some visibility of that when we share guidance on 2020 in the next couple of months and we’ll include the duplicate cost we expect to incur in there and as well as the benefits that we expect to incur as we decommission our legacy datacenters. 
John Gamble: Hey, Gary, it’s not lost on us that we got work to provide some visibility around this transformation. And our thinking is to enhance that visibility and how we are sharing kind of the old versus new with you as we get into 2020. So, that’s on our to do list as we prepare our guidance for next year and how we will talk about the company in 2020 as this becomes increasingly meaningful part of our cost structure. 
John Gamble: Sure. We called it out specifically in USIS because, some royalties from specific providers that we work with frequently went up in 2019. And so, it was a specific cost in USIS. But in general, you are going to see royalty cost continue to go up and they will probably go up as a percentage of revenue but not dramatically. 
John Gamble: So, we certainly will, but I think we are going to have to ask you to wait until we give guidance for next year, right. And I think, and as we get to that point, a lot of transitions will be well underway and our timing will be very specific. We will be able to give you a lot better detail on what that might look like.
John Gamble: And we’ll try to cover broadly how margins will move. So we had earlier questions on royalties. We’ll discuss how they are growing as a percent of revenue to Brett, get people detail on how to think about those things.
John Gamble: Yes, so I think in the script, we basically indicated every segment grew very nicely. Right, so Mark listed the segments that grew very, very well. We had… 
John Gamble: You should keep in mind, 29% for Verification Services is a very high number, right. So, expecting things to continue like that is probably a little high. But they had very good performance and we expect very good performance in the fourth quarter. 
John Gamble: Yes, so, on to the technology portion of COGS, we said it’s on the order of half to slightly below half, right? So, that’s generally what we’ve indicated. And in terms of development expense and capital, it’s really difficult to split those for you specifically.  So, I think we are going to have to hold off and we’ll give you some more perspective on that as we get into 2020. But in general, what we are saying is the spending we are making on new products and new development should go down by 25%. The bulk of it is capital. But the exact split is not something we are going to – what we can break out right now.
John Gamble: Well, so, in terms of fourth quarter, we guided we expected to see EBITDA margins to go up over 35%, which would be a substantial increase from 2018, right. So that’s up on the order of 200 basis points. So, again, I think what’s driving the improvement in margins is the return to growth of the business and the improvements we are seeing obviously in USIS, the tremendous performance in Workforce Solutions and which is driving their margins higher.  But then also, we are seeing some improved margins in international, much of that driven by cost actions as well as some return to growth. So, what we are focused on is how do we continue to drive those margins higher and that’s what we are going to be spending our time. 
John Gamble: So, Shlomo, we try to do that in the individual businesses, so, in the commentary today we tried to lay out what the growth, what the non-mortgage growth rates look like in USIS. What they look like in EWS. In terms of supplemental reporting, yes, I don’t think we are headed in that direction, but we are trying to provide some visibility in terms of the impact of the mortgage market changes had us. For example, we gave the total dollar value impact of the growth in the mortgage market versus our expectations, right, which we said was about $25 million. So… 
John Gamble: Understand the question, we don’t at this time have an intention to go back to try to create separate reporting publicly for mortgage and non-mortgage. So, I think we provided some pretty good detail in terms to understand the impact of the mortgage market on the major businesses. But – and I think that’s probably the exam we are going to go through now. 
John Gamble: That’s it. Thanks everyone for participating and we look forward to speaking with you during the quarter. 
Mark Begor: As you saw, we did very well, I think, in terms of improving the growth of our non-mortgage. And generally speaking, it wasn’t any specific area. We had just expected we’d see slightly better improvement, a little bit higher than the 3% growth that we saw. So we felt we would call that out. 
Mark Begor: I’ll leave that one to John and I’ll pick the first one, Toni. On the new products, as you know, that’s a real engine for growth for us and for the industry and we’ve had a pretty good track record and a real muscle around NPI doing in the neighborhood of 60 NPIs in 2017 and 2018.  And as we telegraphed here, three months ago, when we had our second quarter earnings call, we talked about being flat year-over-year on NPI launches in 2019 and one of the areas that we made some discretionary investments in to lean into in the second half of 2019 is around NPIs which is why we’ve increased the number that we are planning to rollout by about 10 new NPI launches.  And part of that is coming from USIS. When you think about USIS in 2018, they were really focused on winning back the confidence and trust of our customers and that was less focus on NPIs and now that they are returning to a more of a normal operating and commercial mode, they are really focusing on that. And as you know, USIS is one of our larger businesses in market.  So, the team under Sid Singh is just putting more of a focus on NPIs which will definitely benefit in the future. There is no question that’s an engine for growth for the company and for USIS. So, we’d expect that to be another positive lever for them as they go into the fourth quarter and into 2020 and beyond.  I wouldn’t attribute that to a doubling of their growth rate or any aspect of that. It’s just another lever for them in the marketplace with more new products to sell to their customers along with the products that they’ve currently got in the marketplace. 
Mark Begor: And then maybe just adding one more point on that, we did make a delivery decision in the second half of this year to put some more resources behind NPI because, we saw the ability inside of our financial structure to kind of lean in to more future growth.  And so, we look at this as an investment as John pointed out in the future that we probably de minimus benefits in the fourth quarter from those kind of investments. But these are the benefits that are going to be bearing fruit in 2020 and 2021 and beyond. 
Mark Begor: Well, the increase in new products was a delivery decision. I think John highlighted a number of areas where, like any business, we make trade-offs about where we are going to invest and how much and as we’ve gotten into the second half of the year, and we see some visibility of USIS continuing its move back to what I would call, more of a more normal commercial mode.  And obviously, we had a bit of tailwind from the mortgage market. We make decisions around the future and NPIs are one. We are also investing in the second half some more commercial resources and beat on the street. John talked about accelerating some of our tech investments, moving some of our exchanges to the cloud, a little bit quicker perhaps than we anticipated.  And we also highlighted that whether it’s new data assets that we are adding like Urjanet or some of the Twin additions. We looked at as being investments that are good for the future. Those are a real benefits that aren’t going to as much help us in the near-term.  But, more going forward and then, we also had a couple of large customer wins that have some cost associated with this, which again is good news and in the umbrella, and on top of that we were pleased with the top-line growth either with or without the mortgage tailwind and then, the mortgage that the margin enhancement that we had and the margin momentum we expect going into the fourth quarter. There was the ability to make these kind of investments for the future which we think is smart. 
Mark Begor: It’s a great question and we think a lot about it and we’ve been pretty transparent with you and others as we talk about it. When you think about USIS and where they were a year ago, as you know, a year ago, we were still in security freeze with a lot of our customers and we are now pick your day, three quarters in of kind of a normal mode with customers and as we talked about in prior discussions, the rebuilding of our pipelines takes time.  We are very pleased with the rebuilding of the deal pipelines, but those pipelines are not mature meaning that they are built up over, call it a nine to 12 months timeframe from where we were kind of in the summer of 2018 following the cybersecurity breach. So, that’s the element of uncertainty that John and I and the senior leadership team still have and FMS is a great example inside of USIS where we’ve had very good result this quarter.  Little less than we thought in the second quarter, but little better than we thought in the first, but it’s choppy. And how many more quarters? I think it’s a great question. We were deliberate about talking about that we still see some choppiness in USIS recovery.  But directionally, quite positive and it’s certainly from our perspective getting into fourth quarter and first quarter, only being three quarters in to what I would characterize kind of a recovery in normal commercial mode. We need a couple more quarters to kind of see that with some more clarity. 
Mark Begor: We also referenced in the script, right, that we moved an exchange, an identity exchange we said to the cloud and that that would be decommissioned in the first quarter. So, decommissioning one quarter out after a migration is quite fast. But generally speaking, we’d expect to see that the decommissionings would occur probably for a very large exchange hopefully within plus or minus a year, right?  So, I think what you are going to see is slowly ramping cloud costs as volume moves to the cloud. The nice thing about cloud, right, is that, as you move volume, the cost increase slowly. So you will see slow increases in cloud cost as we move volume from a large exchange and then you will actually see us as we bring down portions of the infrastructure, bring down those costs related to the legacy.  So, I know it’s not a complete answer for you, but unfortunately, you are going to have to wait until we give guidance. So we can lay out to you in a little more detail how these cost ramp in and move down.  But I think in general, what you are looking at is, slow ramps for new systems as they board to the cloud and then decommissioning of those older systems and therefore those cost reduction is probably somewhere between one quarter which will be very fast and then on the order of a year for something which is very large. Okay?  For the very large systems, they don’t all come down in one big lump, right? They do come down in pieces as portions of the infrastructure can be taken down. 
Mark Begor: Yes, it won’t have a dramatic impact on our business. It’s a – as you know, we own most of our data assets. We will continue to own most of our data assets. But increasingly we see real value in the incremental revenue and incremental margins we get through some of these relationships which as you point out, we will share some margin with them in a royalty scheme. But it’s – for a long, long time, it’s hard to even envision it’s going to be a de minimus element in the business. 
Mark Begor: Sure. Jeff, and you raise a great point. We believe that the decisioning systems in our case, Ignite are really critical capability and really an important element to have with our customers and that’s why we are investing so heavily in Ignite and also our integrated Ignite InterConnect platform, because we believe that today, Ignite has a market-leading capability embedded in Ignite as things like our patented NDTAI technology.  And we are having really good traction in the United States and around the globe of rolling out Ignite and embedding it with our customers. We believe we have a very competitive product and it’s one that we are continuing to invest in to advance our lead and the capabilities that we have. I was with a customer yesterday actually here in Atlanta who is looking at doing an Ignite installation with us.  They don’t have any of our competitors’ products in their decisioning tool. And they are very attracted to what the Ignite capability will deliver. But it’s really quite strategic to us and important to us. 
Mark Begor: It’s a combination of the two. It’s one, we are – we had a large partnership that we added in the quarter and then we also continue to add a large individual employer. So it’s a dual strategy as you know and the partnership strategy is one that we’ve put more focus on in the last couple of years.  But core to our strategy is going out the individual companies and we are obviously getting real scale there in that business which is driving hit rates with the non-farm payroll at a 165 million. There is still a long road for the EWS team to continue to add records which will be one of many levers to drive their top-line. 
Mark Begor: Thanks, Bill. Yes, I neglected to talk about that this morning, probably should have – we were – we had our quarterly joint session with Will and his team. Will Lansing and his team at actually at FICO a couple of weeks ago. We’ve got great momentum on our combined cloud data decisions product that combines our Ignite, our data assets and their DMS platform and then we’ve got a number of other products rolling.  We’ve actually had our first customer win. We are – it’s not – you wouldn’t talk about one customer win, but again, that’s momentum in that relationship and it’s – the partnership that we are energized about and Will and I will be at FICO World. We are going to jointly give some updates on some of the newer new products that we are working on together.  We continue to see more opportunities to a partner and we are energized about that. And just shifting from FICO, you would add Urjanet and others we are working on. I think you – I hope you see it. In Equifax that’s looking for ways to not only own things and acquire them like PayNet, but also to look for strategic relationships like FICO, like Urjanet and others where we can take advantage of Equifax’s assets with someone else’s and bring real value not only to us, but also to that partner. So, good progress with FICO Bill. 
Mark Begor: Yes, it’s a great question. So, first off, getting from zero in December of 2018 to 2 million, we feel pretty good about and we are adding them – I don’t know, 15,000 to 20,000 a week. They continue to come in. So there is a lot of consumer positives about having that relationship with Equifax and you know the team’s plans in GCS are to begin some of that cross-sell effort as we are doing some pilots in the fourth quarter and that will continue into 2020 and really go into production mode in the first half of 2020.  And we just view this as another lever for GCS in their direct business to deliver products to our customers and expand the kind of products that we offer to U.S. consumers. 
Mark Begor: Yes, thanks, Andrew. I guess, from my perspective, I’ve been consistent since I joined April 18 months ago that it was my view and it’s shared by the team here. It’s not a matter of if, it was only when, not only USIS, but of course, Equifax, because of the impact the USIS has in the overall enterprise would return to its historic growth rates.  I try to be consistent on that. There wasn’t a new comment on my part today or wasn’t intended to be one. I’ve been quite consistent about that. And as you also point out, we’ve also discussed that USIS is recovery, our confidence in that recovery, our confidence in that path back to the historic growth rates was one of the factors that John and I and the leadership team are watching for before we put a financial framework back in place and we are still in that mode.  As I mentioned a couple of minutes ago is one of the other sellside analysts were, from my perspective we’re only three quarters in. You could pick how many quarters we are into USIS showing what they can and will do. 2018, they were in more defense mode. We are clearly back in offense and third quarter was a positive step forward.  We expect fourth quarter to also be a positive step forward. It’s still hard for us to handicap how many more quarters we need before we are going to have the confidence that they are on the path back to their historic growth rates.  But my comments from a year ago April and what I try to be consistent since then is it’s not a matter of if, it’s only when and that’s really driven by the differentiated data assets that the business has, the role it’s had in the marketplace.  It’s driven by the new team we have which is really energizing and it’s also driven by the technology investments that we are making. We believe that this is going to take not only USIS, but Equifax to another level. 
Mark Begor: Yes, I don’t think we broke down that detail between both, but what we did is we saw growth obviously in both. So, I mean, and that was very important to us and continuing to be able to continue to see that that growth rate improve across those business both online and batch.  It’s important to us, but in the third quarter we certainly saw online non-mortgage growth as well. And as you point out, Brett, that’s very important as is FMS. Our project or our financial marketing business is also important. But we see positives in really all corners of USIS as they continue to march forward. 
Mark Begor: And Brett, let me add to that. Look, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we know we have to give you more visibility on that than we plan to. Part of us waiting to do it as a part of our 2020 guidance is that’s when the rubber is really going to hit the road, meaning, we are going to have a lot of these migrations and a lot more moving to the cloud and we’ll have more with the duplicate cost.  Our intention is to make sure that that’s crystal clear for you both n when the benefits should be kicking in as well as when the costs are being incurred. And we also are learning as we go and getting more knowledge about how quickly customers will move and how these migrations will take place. 
Mark Begor: Yes, it was a small headwind, Andrew, and we actually made a proactive decision. We thought there would be more consumer noise, if you will, around the settlement that would result in our paid search efforts being less affected. So we made a decision around that timeframe to dial back our paid search, which of course when you do that results in acquiring less customers.  And we since started that up quite quickly, because it really didn’t had the impact we anticipated. So we just wanted to spike out that there was a small bump from that. It wasn’t significant, but it was, it did had an impact on GCS. 
Mark Begor: Let me add to record growth. Andrew, as you might imagine growing records is a really important lever for that business. It drives hit rates immediately assumes the records at our database and of course, the record growth is another lever there that benefited strongly in the third quarter. We expect that to benefit going into fourth and in the future. 
Mark Begor: Yes, this is outside of our skill sets. I can give you our perspectives. When you think about kind of the macros, it’s hard for us to predict interest rates, but the mortgage activity in the last 90 days, we expect to stay strong in the fourth quarter. It’s hard to forecast going into 2020, we will do that as we get closer. Outside of mortgage, which obviously has had a big bump with interest rates coming down and mortgage rates coming down.  The core consumer finance market is very strong. Whether it’s credit cards or auto, that’s still very strong. You’ve got a number of macros in there that are helpful. Interest rates, as you point out are one, employment and unemployment being lower another one, people are working. They got discretionary income. Those are all quite positive.  So, our discussions with our customers, they are still focused on growth in originations. There is also a dialogue I talked about in the last quarter of getting ready for when that slowdown comes and so we are having dialogues around kind of back book management and some of the great tools that we have to help with that. But we are expecting the economy to be kind of where it is now going into 2020.  We don’t see anything different. It’s hard to forecast with some of the political uncertainty here and around the globe how that’s going to impact with the core consumer is quite strong. 
Mark Begor: Yes, on the market, there was a slowdown in Australia started in the third quarter last year. We felt we saw some signs of positive after the election in the second quarter. That hasn’t flowed through as much as we thought. But as we pointed out in our comments earlier, we are starting to see some online volume in both consumer and commercial that’s more positive in the third than it was in the second.  So, we are watching that. Actions we are taking, we did some cost actions in the first half of the year. We think we got the cost right-sized. Most importantly, we got a new leader there. One of our best international leaders who was running our Canadian business, Lisa Nelson, is on the ground there.  There she started in late August and she took Canada from a slow growth business into the kind of high-single-digits and we’ve got great confidence in her leadership capabilities and her focus on customers and NPIs and growth.  So, that was a deliberate step on our part to put a new leader on the ground there and she is one of our best. So we are optimistic about that. 
Mark Begor: And George, I would add, I think you know this, we talked a couple times this morning already about it. You and I talked in prior sessions that technology investments we are making are all focused on driving our top-line and our cost structure. You already talked about the operating cost benefits we have. So, those are all going to be positive to our margins in the future, which is why are making these investments. 
Mark Begor: Yes, their business – and again, I don’t spend a lot of time on their business. I just focus on mine. But we saw their numbers and as you probably know, they operate in some different markets that we do. We’ve got the debt management business, they don’t. We both compete in the core credit business. They’ve got a consumer business that’s different than ours.  So, yes, there are different businesses there. I don’t know enough about their financial results. But I know about mine. I was there two weeks ago meeting with some big customers and there is no question what we are seeing is big customers delaying new product kind of decisions around Brexit uncertainty. That started in the second quarter and continued into the third and from what I saw two weeks ago, it’s going to be here in the fourth.  That’s just a reality. There is no change in competitive. We are not winning less and losing more or anything like that. It’s just that decisions around new products and as you know, that’s one of the fuels for growth in our business and it’s not only in the UK and other markets. So, it’s nothing more than that from my perspective. 
Mark Begor: Well, I spiked out intentionally, one that, we moved our U.S. credit file to the new Google Cloud data fabric in the quarter. And during the quarter, we rolled out a new product that we couldn’t do before and our competitors, from what we understand can’t do today of a virtual streaming of information from that data exchange and you know the speed of the data historically was done in overnight runs or every three hours or with certain limitations and how quickly it could be delivered out of the file is now done in hundreds of thousands of data records every second.  So, it’s just the velocity and the latency of that is something that we anticipated. And what we found is that there is a customer demand for that and as I said in the call, we’ve got a customer live with this new product from the cloud exchange that couldn’t have been done before.  And this is one customer and we’ve got a pipeline for this one new product of delivering virtually streaming alerts and inquiries and data to the customer that there is a pipeline of a handful of other customers who want to do the same thing.  So, that’s a one example of what we think will be a whole bunch more, which is as you know, one of the reasons we are making this significant investments in our technology, because we think it’s going to make us differentiated in the marketplace. 
