Rick Smith: Thanks Lee. In closing I’d say, lets summarize additionally, we’re moving to a period of stability and I’m gaining more confidence in our outlook for the back half of the year based on recent activity levels and discussions with many of our customers, in fact we talk internally transactions better about the outlook now from the prospects for growth and I’ve talked probably three years since mid-2007 and into the downtown. So for the second quarter some current exchange we expect revenue to be up in the low to mid single-digits range from a year ago and adjusted EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.59 per share.  So with that operator, we’d like to open up for any Q-and-A calls might have.
Rick Smith: Carter, I think you’ll also see as we go through the year the comparisons will shift some, because of what the periods we’re comparing to. We saw continuing declines, fairly meaningful declines in volumes, which is the first couple of quarters of last year, so as we flatten out, we think we’ll start seeing a bit growth, we’ll start seeing an improvement in the volume comparisons, to the extent that is driven by the very largest clients, you may see a little bit of pressure on pricing, but we’re also seeing good progression in some of our mid-market and smaller clients. So that pricing maybe a little mix, some pressure from the larger clients with good penetration with the smaller clients, which you will definitely see we expect that you will see improving volume comparisons as the year, unfolds.
Rick Smith: We gave this in many cases, part of last year, first quarter selection bottomed have compliance for the year and those expectations that we’re articulated post acquisition, so I couldn’t up this little model quarter one.
Rick Smith: It’s none a set of market improvement. We have been making number, but changes to the customer experience, which are helping, which increase things like conversion, lower turn, would increase ARPU revenue per unit, and are subs slightly as well.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think what you’re going to see, almost that’s in the second quarter or not as we exit this year is our expectation at the online revenue from an international starts to improve. We’ll get, because all cost actions we’ve taken over the past couple of years in international. It’s an improvement in that margin. I can’t talk - business start in the second quarter, but expected to improve as year improves.
Rick Smith: The answer is yes, you should. Again for the same reason international, we’ve taken so much cost out of business. We’ve improved processes in Portland other view. We let stability in our USCIS margin and revenue. I would expect to see improvement margin throughout the balance of the year. Andrew, the incremental margin of business is enormous, and when we start to take growth you should see that overtimes drift backup from 33.5 whatever, up to the high 30s, I can’t promise that 6% in second quarter, but at that point the directional ahead is back up to you at the 30s
Rick Smith: I want to make sure, you get this point. If you take restructuring, cooperate expense is basically flat year-on-year.
Rick Smith: So I’ll tackle the International piece first. I think it was 24.7 primarily start for quarter, I would think that’s kind of -- the turf that you were on margins from the 24% range and I do believe that I said that I think Andrew or Carter that the second half of the year we will start to see online volume to start to pick back up and now I’d like to think international over period of time, George, to be in the range of 24% to 27% and kind of sustain with that level. So I would expect that to improve as the year unfolds. And for PSOL you are absolutely right. PSOL margins kind of ebb and flow based upon the vessel we have in advertising. And I think about that as I said before kind of being in the -- margins for the quarter were 25%. Fluctuates if you look at last year from 15% to 27%, I’d like to think that the margins of PSOL being 20% to 25% and you have again different results based on the timing of advertising investment.
Rick Smith: The first is, we entered the first quarter, the trends are basically stagnation on solicitation continued. As we get into middle part of the quarter towards the end of the quarter, we can encourage a number of them and who (inaudible) became fairly aggressive in the solicitation, which gives me hope that that will continue in the second quarter and as you know, first in fact our marketing business investment is to our online business which we’d expect to see a pick up as we exit the second quarter and go into third quarter.
Rick Smith: We don’t break out Brazil, but yet the HIRE Act is a significant contributor to our P&L on top line and bottom line that’s just starting as you know in the first quarter. So, that will be one of the backlog accounts of the year.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think we’re at the bottom in OCIS and I would expect as the volume improves in the later half of the year, we actually should expect some margin expansion.
Rick Smith: I can’t predict exactly when the online improves, but I would expect kind of flattish in the second quarter and then improve in the third and fourth quarter.
Rick Smith: As I say, as far as the market goes, first, our margin was kind of broad based, not just any one geography, but broad based, and then particularly it puts like US, I’d say what you saw was, we saw some confusion in the mortgage market in the first part of the quarter. The truth in lending standards were implemented, it called RESPA. The underwriters of mortgages haven’t changed the programming and so forth, still will kind of paralyze that we picked up strongly as we exited the quarter. I mentioned just a minute ago that the credit card solicitation came in slow and then picked up in the back half of the quarter and then if you add all that, if you recall some of the wins I talked about in the opening discussion, a lot of things will close in the middle part of the quarter which give us great energy as we go into second and third quarter.
Rick Smith: Absolutely, we have been talking now for some time with the 360 view, looking at the potential capacity and get rid of some of the true up of that obligation and with the income data, wealth data and the credit data every count will go into talk about how we can help them solve problems. It resonates and we are gaining share which is exciting and that’s always well for the future. I can underscore nothing, I didn’t talk about in great detail the digital marketing space, now going to help advertisers target through the web portals, right customers is a huge space and a lot of money spent every year not a thousand, no one can help them target like we can, we can tell them here is the wealth data, zip plus four, seven households. Here is the income data for zip plus four and target your offerings accordingly, your hit rate is higher, so yes this data and you get assets both over the past five years is helping us gain share.
Rick Smith: What we are seeing at the end of the first quarter was an increase in that solicitation, yes there tends to be about 45 day lag roughly between when you see a pickup in the marketing, you actually see a pickup on online, so we expect to see that pickup in the second quarter.
Rick Smith: The second part of your question is directional that’s why it’s a semi capital structure neutral market and then obviously some thing we’ll do if we chose to mitigate some of that on the portfolio, yeah it is an annual excise we go through. Look at the portfolio’s saying what is strategic what is not. We have no need to sell anything at this juncture. However, it is always top of the mind there’s some assets that I cant really give lot detail on that, but there are some assets that follow strategic levels, that if I find the right buyer that is the right approach, I would sell those and redeploy that capital things like -- acquisitions like IXI, Rapid Reporting or others where our shareholders get a better return. So that’s a full process.
Rick Smith: Yeah, we somewhere spent a lot of time obviously in Washington, with our lobbyists looking at and thinking about, because I think about the current period, the things that have impact us, you are right, the CARD Act, it is net positive, I think RESPA over a period of time has virtually no impact to discuss in disruption in the first quarter. The SEC and the score and may be advertising functions, one of the competitors took had some impact on us in the first quarter. The team has done a marvelous job of trying to navigate can get through that. Beyond that it’s uncertain as to what regulatory body is going to oversee us, as we go to SEC some of the protection agency or some combination of both, look at the financial model for us right now 2010, 2011, well, there is a lot of moment, I see nothing uncertain, the financial model of Equifax, is going to be impacted in any significant way at all.
Rick Smith: Yeah, what you’re saying is, and I kind of highlighted it there, obviously the big banks certainly dominate the landscape and our whole folks there with the restructure we announced last year here to gain share and I gave you some examples how we are doing exactly that by leveraging the unique data. So they are very important piece of our business the big four, they were important last year they are going to be more important for us this year, and next year I plan to be a bigger player in ‘12, and now we’ve got a -- I think a world class organization here that focuses on the small vendors across the US and I think some I mentioned earlier, that was actually growing segment, I think Lee did that’s a growing segment in the first quarter of our business so we’re not going to focus on just one or two segments we’re going to focus on doing the big fellow relationships and also growing our share of wallet with the small lenders as well.
Rick Smith: Our revenue was big -- I don’t have that, you can get that, Jeff can get that to you, I’d be guessing if I gave you a number right now.
Rick Smith: It’s clear, we’re gaining share. We’re introducing new products, we’ve been over the last three or fours years building of the non-financial trade data base and that paid dividends. 
Lee Adrean: No. We’re just saying is, we have been, as you know, driving strategic pricing which is segmentation new products with quite some time and we’re getting the benefits of that. We also have some mix from time-to-time going on almost skew it, but the 1% increase with the downdraft in revenue or in the volume. It’s largely driven by (Inaudible) last three or four years on strategic pricing.
Lee Adrean: The some the pricing changes really occurred mid-last year, so you’re still anniversarying that effect.
Lee Adrean: Andrew you’re right, that line in the last 2.5 of 3 years is fluctuated anywhere from $20 million to $29 million per quarter because it includes the number of items that can fluctuate period-to-period. The $20.4 million in the first quarter was about the same as last year if you take last years restructuring charge out, but that is low compared to what we would expect to run quarterly over the year. I would suggest a range of kind of $25 million to $28 million a quarter is probably more representative.
Lee Adrean: Anderw, by the way, I think on the international question in our guidance in the low single-digits is constant dollars. If you’re looking at nominal dollars there was a significant effect of the FX.
Lee Adrean: Again our Q-and-A, I look it internal statements and measure against the different rates, so it’s a little hard for me.
Lee Adrean: The comment we made was we expected the first part of the year to be stable at levels consistent with the fourth quarter and that we thought the second half of the year would show increasing growth and anything we’ve seen some signs of that just slightly earlier than we had expected, but it continues to cause us to believe that we’ll see strengthening trend through the year. It was not -- it was that qualitative directional guidance.
