John W. Gamble: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As Rick mentioned, our performance this quarter was strong. A lot of hard work had to be accomplished, but everyone contributed to the effort. As before, I'll be referring to the financial results from continuing operations generally presented on a GAAP basis. It is important to highlight that FX became a greater headwind during the quarter than we had originally expected for the quarter. Our financial performance was adversely impacted by the accelerated depreciation of currencies versus the U.S. dollar. For the quarter, compared to the third quarter of 2013, revenues were negatively impacted by approximately $6 million, and adjusted EPS was negatively impacted by about $0.02 a share. Due to a number of discrete items, our lower tax rate benefited adjusted EPS by approximately $0.03 a share. Netting the tax benefit with a negative impact of FX results in a $0.01 contribution to our reported adjusted EPS of $1.01. Earlier this year, we indicated that our stock buyback should accelerate over the course of the year, and we expected to exit 2014 with a lower share count. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $113 million, and share repurchases will continue into the fourth quarter. Now let me turn to the business units' financial performance. U.S. Information Solutions revenue was $279 million, up 3% when compared to the third quarter of 2013. Online Information Solutions revenue was $206 million, up 4% when compared to the year-ago period. Mortgage Solutions revenue of $28 million was flat compared to Q3 2013. This compares favorably to the Mortgage Bankers Application Index, which was down 26% in the third quarter. Financial Marketing Services revenue was $45 million, up 2% when compared to the year-ago quarter. The adjusted operating margin for U.S. Information Solutions was 40.3%, up from 36.2% in the third quarter of 2013. This reflects positive product mix as well as good expense control. International's revenue was $158 million, up 18% on a reported basis and up 22% on a local currency basis. Acquisitions contributed approximately 16 points of the local currency growth. By region, Europe's revenue was $70 million, up 51% in U.S. dollars and up 40% in local currency, driven by the acquisition of TDX and mid-single-digit organic growth in our core business. Latin America's revenue was $49 million, flat in U.S. dollars, but up 18% in local currency, driven by double-digit organic growth in decision solutions, analytical services and Personal Solutions. Canada revenue was $39 million, flat in U.S. dollars, but up 5% in local currency. For the third quarter, International's operating margin was 23.5%, up from 22.5% in the second quarter of 2014. Workforce Solutions' revenue was $122 million for the quarter, up 6% when compared to the third quarter of 2013. Verification Services, with revenue of $76 million, was up 10% when compared to the same quarter of 2013. Employer Services revenue was $47 million, up 1% compared to last year. The Workforce Solutions operating margin was 32.5% compared to 29.9% in Q3 of 2013. North America Personal Solutions revenue was $54 million, up 3%. Growth was driven primarily by Canadian subscription and indirect revenue primarily through TrustedID. Operating margin was 31.6% compared to 26.3% in Q3 2013, largely driven by reduced marketing expense in the quarter. Finally, our general corporate expense was up this quarter from the year-ago period due to increased incentive compensation and timing of some investments. 2014 year-to-date, general corporate expense is up only less than 1%. Now let me turn it back to Rick.
John W. Gamble: It's just basically generally net of interest income and interest expense in general, right? And it was up this year basically because last year, we had losses due to some activities in Latin America and repatriation of funds that didn't occur this year.
John W. Gamble: Yes, interest income, net of expense, and then there's some other FX gains that occur in there. But the reason it's up year-on-year is because we had losses last year related to some repatriation of funds, and that's why it's lower last year than normal.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, John. As we enter the fourth quarter, we're ending this year pretty much as we anticipated at the start of the year. The mortgage headwinds are largely behind us, really abating in mid-third quarter. We've got a number of opportunities on the horizon that will continue to drive both top and bottom line growth. For the fourth quarter, assuming current exchange rates, we expect reported revenue to be between $615 million and $620 million and adjusted EPS to be between $0.99 and $1.03. This assumes an FX headwind of approximately $11 million on revenue and $0.02 to $0.03 on adjusted EPS. Also, as I mentioned earlier, the anticipated revenue contribution from TDX accelerates as we go into 2015 versus the year-end 2014 that we originally thought when we gave guidance at the end of the second quarter. So for the full year of 2014, we expect EPS to finish in the range of $3.86 to $3.96 -- $3.90 versus our prior guidance on our last call of $3.83 to $3.91. At this time, our optimistic outlook for 2015 has not changed. We expect the mortgage market to return to a more normal mix of home purchases, refinancing activity and the increase in home equity lending. We also believe that our strategic initiatives outside of the mortgage market will continue delivering revenue and earnings growth consistent with our long-term business model. Our confidence is supported, first and foremost, by broad-based execution across all of our businesses throughout 2013 and '14, where the swings of the mortgage market were their greatest. In addition, our core non-mortgage market organic growth rate continues to be in the targeted range of 6% to 8%. Finally, the integration of our strategic acquisitions made in 2014 will contribute to organic growth in 2015. All these are -- while we are not without challenges, this team has demonstrated their ability to continue to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. So with that, we'd love to, operator, turn it over to questions. If you'd please open up to our callers.
Richard F. Smith: George, this is Rick. I'm not sure if you asked the question to myself or of John, but let me see if I can tackle that. We do break out that it's 16% of the local currency International growth. TDX is a great asset and I said that earlier. I'm as convinced it's a great asset today as I was then. What we learned is the forecasting model from the time you actually engage a client to the time you sign a contract and then get the revenue is a little longer than we anticipated. So revenue we had originally forecasted when we bought the business, I think it was in January of this year, by the time we get our heads around it and build a forecasting model in late first quarter, it's turned out to be a little slower than we had anticipated. But in the current footprint, it is going to be a great asset for us and in new footprint, i.e. Canada, U.S. and Latin America. And more importantly, the combination of Inffinix, which we bought in Mexico City, with now TDX is already starting to generate some strong interest in new geographies. So hopefully, that helps.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, John alluded to that a little bit in his commentary there. It has to do with mix of products within OSIS -- OCIS and it's just that our core online credit product is -- which has huge margins, as you know, and very large incremental margin, is growing at a faster rate than overall USCIS -- or USIS.
Richard F. Smith: Absolutely, George. And I mentioned that in our last call that Trey and his team have done a great job of kind of identifying there's a new world out there in this free market, and there's 3 pillars to his growth. One is to maximize the growth potential and larger potential in its core business. Two, is to take this asset we bought, god, I think it was a year ago, called TrustedID, which is the indirect market, and grow that at significant rates and he's doing that. The pipeline, as I mentioned in my comments, is really, really strong. Pipeline of -- and have closed some of those deals as well. And the pipeline for revenue in fourth quarter and next year remains very, very strong. The third lever is he's got to figure out a way to not -- to play in the free market and he's doing that as well. So I mentioned, I think it was in the second quarter call, George, that those guys have done a great job over the last, I think, 2 years of growing beyond our long-term growth model. We talked about them being upper single digits growth model, and they've been growing it double digit. And I mentioned on the call -- in the second quarter call that, yes, I'm convinced that these guys will get back to their long-term growth model next year.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. So again, it's -- as how [ph] I answered for George, 3 pillars of growth. One is to continue to just maximize your growth by minimizing churn, maximizing ARPU, continue to launch new products in the old core business. Things he's done very, very well now for whatever it's been, 4, 5 years. Just continue that and that will yield growth for us. That's going to be, as I talked about before, in the lower single digit growth rates. You then couple that with TrustedID growing at strong double-digit growth rates and then finding a way to play in the free market. You aggregate those 3 together and you get a strong upper single digit growth rate.
Richard F. Smith: We gave you in the press release historical figures for commercial and you can kind of work with those and build some models. We're not going to break that out going forward. It's a very, very small part of our business, as you know, but it still remains important for us. Yes, I'm convinced it's a growth business as a part of USIS. And then the main reason I put it back into USCIS was that most of the business comes with what we call KCP or large clients and USCIS had those relationships. So I'm convinced taking the product offerings we have with the pipes that we have in USCIS will yield good growth going forward, yes.
Richard F. Smith: Haven't done that calculation. No. The answer is, no. I'm being told no. It's very small. It's very small in the scheme of things.
Richard F. Smith: Okay. I don't have it. Do you have that, Jeff? Give us a second, David. I don't have that at my fingertips.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I think there's a case. It's a convergence of a couple of different things. I think, obviously, it's unemployment moving down, home prices going up. The 10-year which the mortgage rates are based upon continue to stay at these historically low rates. There's also, I think, David, you probably read, a lot of discussion right now in D.C. about changing the regulation, driven by Fannie and Freddie, on the underwriting standards that the banks would have to adhere to. If they loosen those standards, it potentially opens up, obviously, a larger population of credit risk to the mortgage market. So keep your eye on that, too. If that happens, that's obviously a potential good catalyst for us. The other thing we're seeing already, and I think it's -- speak from memory, but there's an uptick in home equity lending, which has been virtually nonexistent since the recession. And I think in the third quarter it grew something like 21%. So it's still very low numbers compared to historical standards of the total volume, but that should be an uptick for us going forward as well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Latin America is still immature so -- in the use of credit products, so it's continued to expand and continue to grow even though we're reading about things like recessions and instability in some governments like Argentina. So I continue to see medium-term and long-term growth prospects in the Latin America region to be strong. In the U.S., it really depends on the credit spectrum and the verticals. You heard us talk about in the past, automotive continues to be strong in the use of credit and the growth in credit. Just mentioned 21% growth in home equity lending in the third quarter. I think that's going to be strong for us. I think you're going to see a switch from headwinds in mortgage to growth next year. The credit card lending business is starting to see some signs of growth in the U.S., which is encouraging as well. Canada, I'd describe as stable. U.K., I'd describe as stable to some good growth. And I'd describe Spain, even though we continue to do a good job in Spain, as a troubled economy right now. Hopefully, that helps.
Richard F. Smith: Please do. No, David, I got it here now. Yes, the volume was up 14% in the quarter, and the unit price was down approximately 5%.
Richard F. Smith: My recollection was it's about 5% or 6% local currency growth rate organically in Europe, but we'll confirm that. Is that right, Jeff? That is right, that is right, Dan. It's a 5% to 6% growth.
Richard F. Smith: No, no, it's not. I'm fairly agnostic. The lower-margin business tends to be the tri-merge businesses. We got expense associated with that. But I mean, home refinancing versus HELOC, they're a good solid margin business for EWS as well as USCIS.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I'd say with the uncertainty in mortgage, they tend to be -- continue to be very, very cautious on -- in the mortgage market and I don't blame them until we get regulatory clarity coming out of Washington. As I mentioned before, I think they're jumping back in, in a very aggressive way on the automotive lending. Now I'd say on credit card, they're starting to go down subprime, Dan, but they're going down subprime with very small lines of credit versus going down market with higher -- lower credit scores and higher lines. So when you're seeing lines, $500, $600, $750 for the subprime market but they're getting back in the subprime credit card lending now.
Richard F. Smith: Well, think about it this way. In the Marketing Services, there's really 3 lines of business. They're not kind of combined, so there's a little bit of noise in there. There is the core, which you're familiar with, the CMS business, Credit Marketing Services. There's the IXI business, which you're familiar with. And now there's the Marketing Services business we have in commercial, which we call internally MDS. So you got 3 things going on there. MDS is down year-on-year, and you got good strong growth in IXI and overall strong growth in traditional USIS or USCIS marketing business.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I -- as I mentioned in my closing comments, the team continues to execute at a very high level. We've, for a number of quarters or years now, been in that range. I expect us to clearly be in that range in fourth quarter and clearly be in that range in 2015. Fine-tuning where in that range is a little too early at this time, but as we get into 2015, I'll give you more color at that time. But just know I remain committed that we're going to be in that range of 7% to 10%.
Richard F. Smith: No, it's not -- I don't think it's being cautious. It's a business model we're committed to, and it's early for me to sit here and give you any additional color on '15 and beyond. The model we've given you before, which is organic of 6% to 8%, 7% to 10%, total of 25 basis points margin, it's just a little too early.
Richard F. Smith: No, I think the one thing you hit on there is when we won the CMS business in EWS, that opened up contacts within the federal government which we had not had before. And as a result of that, we took advantage of that, built a vertical focus to capitalize on that. I don't think it'll materially change the revenue mix of who we are going forward 3, 4, 5 years, but it's nice significant wins in an arena, 2 or 3 years ago, we didn't do business with.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, absolutely, and the model hasn't changed. Most of our focus is on core organic growth, and when we get the right strategic acquisitions, we'll do so. John talked about in his comments buying back 113 million of shares in the third quarter. You should expect us short term in the fourth quarter to continue to be in the market buying back shares. But we'll also, because of our model and how much cash we throw off, also be looking for the right deals. And our model is 1 to 2 points of acquisition growth per year, so that hasn't changed.
Richard F. Smith: It sounds like you've done the math. We don't get the whole granularity where you adjust operating margin based upon FX, but I trust your math is right. We could do that math. But the margin profile, we've committed to be up 25 basis points a year. You're going to have some noise, Shlomo, quarter-to-quarter. I think that weren't we up -- what was the margin this quarter versus last year? Up 20 basis points, so largely in line with what we guided to.
Richard F. Smith: I'll jump into the legal settlement in a second and go back. On tax rate, we've always guided our tax rate over an annual basis, will be between 35% and 37%. If you look back to second quarter, we're actually over 37%, 37.2%. A little under that number this quarter, but back in the range next quarter. So for the full year, John, we expect tax rate to be in that range of 35% to 37%.
Richard F. Smith: None whatsoever. This was a contract that dates back to 2002. The team has worked through it. We have the right to use the software for a period of time going forward. It will have no impact on our business operations.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, thank you. Let me see if I can clarify that, Jeff. On TDX, it's clearly taking the TDX and the Inffinix and combining those as one platform, bring them to the U.S. and Rudy and his team are well on their way to doing that. We have resources on the ground in the U.S. We expect to launch some offerings in 2015. Canada has a very similar need that's not being served today. So those are 2 -- and we talked about Australia. There was a small business in Australia for TDX and we bought it. And I think I mentioned on the last earnings call, they won some really nice contracts in Australia, expanding our presence in Australia. And the benefit there is we get to know the market in Australia and now look for things like analytics decisioning platforms and other opportunities in places like Australia. The data breach is really taking a skinnied-down offering that works very well in Canada. The team up there has now closed multiple data breach deals in the last year or so and taking that to other current places where we operate in the International footprint, not new places. The third area for geographical expansion will be -- the next area will be just looking at expanding through acquisition our operations outside of the 19 countries or so we operate in today.
Richard F. Smith: Great question. Let me get back to the question, I can't remember the last -- earlier. But if you think about PSol going forward, the goal is to get it back to that upper single digit growth business starting next year. We'll do that by just optimizing the core churn, ARPU, new products, so on and so forth, and the indirect. We have yet to develop the full strategy for the freemium market. So when that is fleshed out, we'll let you know, but I don't need that to get to the upper single digit growth rate next year.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it should be moving closer. I think it was down -- the bankers' index was down 26% in the third quarter and that's going to move closer to flat as you exit the year.
Richard F. Smith: No, no, I'd say that -- we saw -- we talked about -- earlier someone asked the question about margin in USCIS and I talked about the fact that our core credit product, online credit products within OCIS grew nicely and that had high margins. So if anything was unusual, that grew at a little faster rate. That was really driven by the fact that our -- we call, you're familiar with this, Greg, I know you're from the U.K., KCP, key client program, which are some of our larger, more strategic customers. Both FI, private-label credit card issuers, and telco grew at a very nice rate in the quarter. So -- but those are 2 trends that have been occurring now for a few quarters.
Richard F. Smith: Greg, since we don't consolidate that asset at this juncture, I can't go into this level of detail, but I'll tell you this. We spent a lot of time down there, as you might guess, with the team and continue to like the asset medium term, short term and long term. So I'll leave it at that.
Richard F. Smith: I think it's here to stay. And I applaud the team. They're facing the reality that the market shifted pretty quickly a few quarters ago. And rather than ignoring it, they've stood up and created a modified business plan that will get us to that double -- that upper single-digit growth rate. So freemium is here to stay. I don't see it going away.
