Mark Begor: Yes. I’ll start, and John, you can jump in. As you know, forecasting the mortgage market is quite challenging. The good news is we have a lot of history which we rely on, and we have a lot of data that we rely on. But I would – you make the point that it’s obviously challenging. But we look at all of our data elements of the track record of new home purchases in the marketplace, the refi market. John went through some detail on the still sizable population of homes in the United States that will benefit from a refinancing. He also highlighted the significant increase in HPA or home price appreciation, which is I think 30% for most geographies across the United States. So the availability for consumers to access equity in their homes through a refinancing. Those certainly weighed in. And of course, offsetting that, as you point out, is the higher interest rates, which reduced the number of homes available for refi. So those were all the factors that we put into our models and our analysis. And we thought 21.5% was the right place, given everything we see today, obviously, down dramatically from the minus 15% we were using for really the second or the last portions of 2021 as we were looking forward to 2022. And then, of course, we’re pleased that the core performance of Equifax is strong. And we can offset that with our core growth, particularly from Workforce Solutions from the momentum in the fourth quarter, the strong addition of records, which helps power their business and broadly the strong performance of Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes. As you know, we don’t talk about specific pricing actions, but all of our businesses use price on an annual basis to offset inflation, of course, but also reflect the value of the solutions that we’re delivering. And we’ve been quite clear in prior discussions with you and our other investors that Workforce Solutions has more pricing power because of the uniqueness of the assets they deliver and the scale of the database. So it’s clearly one of the levers. But as you know, that’s only one. They’ve really ramped up their new product rollouts in the last 12 to 18 months, leveraging the cloud, particularly in the second half of 2021. And we talked about new solutions that we’re bringing to market in the mortgage space, for example, where we have mortgage solutions that provide more history at a meaningfully higher price point than the single solution that we have or the co-borrower solution that we now have called Mortgage Duo that is priced over $175 per poll because it provides real value on co-borrowers. So those are examples of leverage that Workforce has. And of course, the other levers, the adding of TWN records, our TWN records being up 19%. The new relationships that we’ve signed exclusively in the latter part of the year that we’ll be adding to our records in 2022. As you know, because of the very large volume of inquiries that we get on a system-to-system basis or through the web, as we add new records, we’re able to monetize those really instantly. So that 19% is another very meaningful lever for Workforce Solutions as we move into 2022.
Mark Begor: Yes. As you know, we don’t give detail around kind of guidance on the records that we’re adding during the year. We try to be very transparent about current period record additions. And as you know, those were added at different points if you think about 2021 during the year, so you get a year-over-year benefit in 2022 for the record. So the 19% increase will benefit the Workforce Solutions in 2022. And then, of course, these new agreements that we mentioned that we’ve signed with major – some of the larger payroll processors on an exclusive basis, we’ll be adding at different points during the year. It takes time to build the system integrations and to bring those into our data set. And then, of course, as you know, close to 60% of our records come from individual company relationships that we have from our Employer Services business. And that’s a very active area for us to add records, which we do on a – kind of on a daily, weekly basis. Actually, John and I get a report every Friday of records that are added. And those are – we’re really strengthening our ability to add records from individual companies as we build our Employer Services solutions, whether that’s I-9, Work Opportunity Tax Credit, HCA, W-2. And as you know, we did three acquisitions last year that add to that space, including one this week, that grow our solutions and Employer Services business, but they also bring records. So we have a really a multisided approach and really scale focus on adding records. And just back on the payroll processors, we still have a pipeline of the relationships we don’t have. We’re in active dialogues with those as we’ve talked about. We have real momentum. As you know, I don’t know, in the last 18 months, we’ve added some meaningful new relationships, including a large one in third quarter last year that we announced, I guess, a year ago on our fourth quarter call. And then we’ve got the three that we added on an exclusive basis in the last few weeks that will be rolling in, in 2022. So a big focus on adding those records. And as you think about it, there’s a long runway. I would encourage you to think about total records but also unique records. Remember, the 135 million is total records, but we have 105 million SSNs or unique individuals. So there’s 30 million people in there that have multiple jobs. The path from 105 million to 155 million, 157 million or 158 million whatever the right number is now, nonfarm payroll, it’s another 50 million plus individuals that we are focused on adding. And then, of course, we have a big focus of going beyond nonfarm payroll to really get those very valuable 40 million to 50 million gig records, meaning individuals that are self-employed. There is a second job beyond nonfarm payroll or someone who is just self-employed. And then also the 20 million to 30 million pensioner records that is another valuable source for income verification for those that are not in the workforce today. So you add those up, you’re looking at something north of 100 million additional records we can add. If you think about the 105 million we have unique individuals and add that potential, we have the ability to still kind of double the TWN database, and we’re focused on it.
Mark Begor: Yes, and yes. And I think you know, and I hope you get a sense that it’s a huge priority of ours. We really ramped up our focus on new products, I’d call it, two years ago when we added significant resources, meaning new people. I think as you know, we have for the first time now in the last two years a Chief Product Officer, who is on my leadership team. We’re really driving, leveraging our differentiated data and the Equifax cloud. And what you’re seeing is the – I would call it the early days or early innings of our ability to leverage the cloud. Of course, while we’re more than halfway as far as kind of cloud complete, that will substantially accelerate in 2022, that half that is complete is starting to take hold, where what’s happening is what we thought would happen is we’re able to combine data assets, bring new solutions to market much more quickly. So it’s a combination of resources and focus. We have a monthly deep dive, John and I with the product team around their pipeline and then the ability to leverage our new capabilities. This is why we invested in the cloud, why we invested in a single data fabric was our ability to ramp up new product introductions. And as you point out, going from 5%, 6% a couple of years ago vitality to we started last year hoping to do 8%. We ended at 9% vitality. And then as you point out, to be – have a goal in 2022 of 10%, that’s $0.5 billion of new products introduced in the last three years. And we’re very deliberate about how we define a new product. It has to be new-new. And we view that as a very attractive growth lever for us. As you know, new products and incremental revenue are very high incremental margins for our business. And it’s inherent in our long-term framework that we rolled out in November, where we increased the low end of 100 bps and the high end 200 basis points of our total growth going forward that NPIs will be a meaningfully part – meaningful part of that. And when we talked in November, we said our long-term goal is to get to 10% vitality, and we’re chasing that this year. And we – as we talked a few minutes ago, our goal is to deliver 10% vitality in 2022.
Mark Begor: I’ll just add, Manav, that we’re also pleased with the traction we’re starting to see and we have been seeing around kind of our competitive positioning with the cloud, the capabilities of the cloud that we deliver that we think differentiate Equifax. Of course, we think we have data our competitors don’t have. And those discussions around competitive takeaways or competitive wins are continue to pick up momentum by Sid and his team. So, we think that’s another positive going forward as they get closer to being cloud-native and fully delivering those differentiated service levels and capabilities to our customers. We think that’s going to be a positive for them going forward.
Mark Begor: No. It’s – you and I talked before, and we’ve talked with our investor base many times about our goal of expanding workforce globally. We paused International expansions while we were building out the tech stack, and that’s now built. UK is our first move there. The technology is live. We’re, I believe, close to ingesting records, meaning starting to have contributors contribute into our UK, TWN database. So that’s happening as we speak. That was kind of built up over the last number of months. And as you point out, we now have the ability to go into international markets more quickly, more economically with a cloud-based technology stack. Of course, this adds to our Australian business, where we’re ingesting and actually delivering solutions in the marketplace, same in Canada and same in India. And we do have a strategy to expand to other markets globally. We’re – we haven’t announced anything yet, but we see that as an opportunity. Maybe to close that point is that the financial impact of it is it will be de minimis in the scale of workforce and Equifax in 2022. Meaning it will be small, but we expect it to grow over time. Where it will be meaningful is going to be a couple of years probably when you think about those international expansions. But in each of those markets, what it does for our credit file business, think UK, Australia, India and Canada, is it makes them more competitive because we bring a solution now of not only the credit report in Canada or the UK, but then we can couple in, just like we’re doing in the United States, an income and employment verification. So that’s another positive of going into markets that we’re already in. And of course, as you know, in a number of those markets like UK and Australia, we have very large market positions. So the addition of the income and employment data is positive for us. So it’s clearly a part of Workforce Solutions growth strategy going forward is to U.K. is our – is the move we announced a couple of weeks ago. And we’ll look for other markets to expand our workforce business into, because we believe – we view it as a global franchise, of course, which is anchored quite strongly in our very, very large U.S. business.
Mark Begor: No, no, no. I think we said two or three times in our earlier comments that we have clear expectations that workforce will in 2022 achieve their kind of historical margins or I think we said it or above. It’s not unusual, and you followed us for some time. You may remember in, I think, third quarter of 2020, going back maybe to – was there in 2019, we also had maybe an instance like this, there’s a little bit of lumpiness when you’re adding a bigger payroll processor. And there’s a lumpiness in some in-quarter costs to complete those integrations. Sometimes we help support partner, meaning we help pay for some of those integration costs, we have some incremental costs on our side. But you’ve seen in the past that those quickly are dissipated, meaning they are onetime. And we – we’ve factored into what is going to happen in as far as record additions that we can see now in 2022 in kind of the comments we had earlier around our expectation that workforce margins will kind of return to that mid-50s.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question. We talked about it many times in prior calls. We got a lot – we have a lot of confidence in the scale of our underlying business model. And as you pointed out, there are some others that are trying to enter this space. We think it's going to be quite challenging to obtain records, start with that, think about the tens of thousands of integrations that we have. Remember, the integration of income and employment data is a separate integration from existing credit file integration. So those have to be built. But just start with records. The 19% growth that we had, the 135 million, 105 million uniques. We added a large payroll processor last year in the third quarter that was exclusive. We've added three more – we’re adding three more that are all exclusive. And of course, exclusive means they're only going to work with Equifax and Workforce Solutions. So that's quite challenging. And remember, too, that the 60% of our records we've accumulated over 15 years of building up those relationships through the very large Employer Solutions business we have or providing all those services to HR managers and companies for W-2, I-9, Work Opportunity Tax Credit, HCA, et cetera, those solutions, that's a very long-term scale kind of business to build out. So while we know there are others in the space, we think our market position is quite strong, and we got a lot of confidence in maintaining that position going forward. And it really starts with the ability to build out a data set that looks like Equifax's we think that's very, very hard to do.
Mark Begor: Toni, maybe to add one more point on it. We hear more about competitors from these calls than we do in the marketplace, if you understand that point meaning, we hear that from our investors and so on, but we really don't see them in the marketplace. They just don't have the scale to play either on the record additions or on delivering solutions to our customers. We've been in this business for 15 years. We've invested $1 billion – actually, more than that, we're up to like $3-plus billion probably in the business since we owned it when you add M&A. And then on the technology side, think about it, we put $300 million into the business incrementally in the last three years. It's a massive investment, and you have to have real scale to be able to play at the level we're playing at.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question. It's really all of the above. We have a relationships all over the globe with the BNPL players. As you know, they're growing rapidly. We're selling them identity data, think Kount or other identity because you got to verify a consumer before you offer that for payment loan, for the blue jeans or whatever they're buying. We're also selling them some credit data in different markets, including the United States, particularly as they go to bigger-ticket transactions. If you're financing a pair of blue jeans for $100, over four-payments, there's a credit exposure to that. It's very different than you're doing a refrigerator. That's a $1,000 refrigerator or something. And so there's a trend there where you're seeing more credit data being used for BNPL players as customers. On the data side, it really follows our focus on just building out our data assets. And there are a lot of data elements, as you point out, in BNPL players. And actually, with all credit fans, it's very popular, for example, with millennials, which typically have thinner credit files. They may be good credit, but they have thin credit files. Meaning they only have one bank card or two bank cards or whatever. So that BNPL data will be very valuable. We're also going down the path of adding rental data. So we're accumulating rental payment data. That's another valuable asset. And of course, in the alternative data side, meaning outside the credit file, we have really scaled data assets at Equifax that we're putting in our single data fabric and bringing to market as new solutions like our NCTUE cellphone utility payment data, which is very valuable as another trade line for thin or no hit – thin file or no hit customers. And then on the pure alternative data, we bought DataX a couple of years ago in 2018. And then we acquired last year, Teletrack. And we'll now have the largest data set at something like 80 million Americans outside of the credit file their data from rent-to-own companies, their payment data from auto lenders, subprime auto lenders, sales finance companies, furniture companies, payday lenders. So a very, very rich data set that's additive to the credit file, just like this BNPL data, just like our NC+ data, just like rental data. So it's a broad focus for us. And the cloud capabilities we have in the single data fabric really allow us to bring these new data sources into our environment, into our database. And of course, as you know, we have – we've built out and now are adding to our single data fabric where we're going to have data keyed and linked for an individual. Every data element that we have will be put together that way, which is, again, as a part of the benefits of our big cloud investments that we're making.
Mark Begor: Yes. As you heard from our comments earlier, that's a very fast-growing space for us, which I think you were broadly talking about our nonmortgage portion of Workforce Solutions, which is growing very, very strongly. Government is a big vertical for us. We've been expanding there. Appriss makes us stronger. We signed and launched the SSA contract last year. That's ramping. So that's another new solution. We see a lot of potential in government. Talent is a very big space for us with big potential. In my comments earlier, I shared the point that we only today see one in 10 inquiries around the hiring process. So big runway, and that business has been growing strong, strong double digits in the hiring space. And we see big potential when you combine some of the Appriss data, the National Student Clearinghouse education data and of course, as John mentioned, the work history we have. We have a history on individuals because we've been accumulating records over the last 10-plus years, and we average something like 5.5 jobs for every American. So that work history is extremely valuable in that hiring process for 75 million people a year were hired. So that's a big growth area for us. We talked about Employer Services or Employer Solutions, where we're delivering HR compliance generally solutions to HR managers to do that work for them. A lot of those – a lot of that work today is in-sourced. We pick up the outsourcing of it either directly or through our partners. And that's another area that's been growing. And of course, we've done a bunch of M&A there that strengthen us. And the three bolt-on acquisitions last year of HIREtech, i2verify and Health e(fx) and then the acquisition we announced and closed this week of Efficient Hire, those strengthen us in that space of delivering those W-2, I-9 verification, Work Opportunity Tax Credit, all those other solutions, to HR managers. Of course, they bring records to us, which is very valuable. So we see a really very attractive growth potential. And then in Financial Services, to your question, we've been growing very strongly outside of mortgage. Auto is a space that's growing for us, using our income and employment data along with credit data. Personal loans, we have very strong penetration there that – using income and employment data. And then in cards, we've got a couple of big issuers now that are combining our income and employment data with the credit file at origination, and we expect that to grow also. So that's a new opportunity for us. So a lot of potential for Workforce Solutions. And of course, most of the verticals we just talked about are way different than our traditional credit bureau verticals, meaning we’re in spaces that are growing faster than our core credit bureau space. But they also diversify Equifax very, very broadly. From being historically more traditional financial services, we’re now much more diversified than we will be in the future as we grow.
Mark Begor: Yes. We didn’t talk about specific wins, but we did talk about when I used the term momentum by our USIS team competitively. And that’s really driven by areas that you talked about. It’s our differentiated data, which, of course, we’re expanding. It’s the build-out of the single data fabric, which makes our data more accessible. We have more data than our competitors and then we have it in a way that’s more easily utilized and then the cloud capabilities and cloud functionality that is increasingly in the marketplace. We’re seeing that give us a leg up in those competitive discussions that we view as positive going forward for USIS and for Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes. Just to clarify, we don’t do income verification. It’s really employment history that we deliver there. And the one item we just wanted to point out there’s a lot of runway in this. We have a large business. It’s growing very rapidly in the talent solutions space as we continue to grow. And the drivers are really driven by first, it’s our work history that we have. We have well over 0.5 billion total records, which is – think about that 5.5 jobs on the average American. So if you don’t come to Equifax, you’ve got to go manually to each of those companies in order to verify that. So the one-click instant kind of data element for Equifax is from Workforce Solutions is what’s driving the growth. We’re also productizing it. We’re in the early stages of bringing new solutions to market that really solve our customers. In this case, it’s either a background screener typically, but it could also be an individual company. But it’s really how do we help them complete their job more quickly. And speed is really important. It always has been in the hiring process. You think about it, when someone’s being hired for a new job, there’s typically an open job there. And the hiring manager wants them to start quickly because there’s work to be done, whether it’s in a fast food restaurant or in a warehouse or a white-collar job, speed is very important. And if we’re able to deliver that instant decision that shortens that time between offer of employment and start of work, it’s really a big opportunity. So we’re going to in 2022 bring new solutions that will likely be more job category based. Meaning we’ll combine our work history, which is the foundation of that, meaning where you worked in the past, adding to educational data that we now have from National Student Clearinghouse. You have the criminal justice data that’s typically used in a background screen. We can package that up in individual solutions. So it’s really a very attractive growth opportunity for us that – and what really drove the solution is it starts with our big database. Having that 0.5 billion records in that work history gives us something that’s incredibly unique that no one else has. And as we productize it with some of the other data elements, that will be a way to continue to grow. And we’d like to do more M&A. Appriss is a big example of that. That brought the criminal justice incarceration data and also medical credentialing data. There’s other data elements that we’d like to either partner or add to. And of course, we mentioned a couple of times that we added the education data, which a lot of white-collar jobs, there’s a requirement to verify where you go to school. And we can do that instantly now, and we’ll productize that in combining the multiple data elements we have to help speed up the decisioning for our customers. So we see big growth potential here.
Mark Begor: It’s definitely an organic focus. We’d love to do some M&A, but there’s really nothing out there. There are others that do this that we’ve seen or found. And that’s why we’re leveraging our core technology. It’s now cloud based. We also have relationships with multinationals, where we’re doing their income employment verification here in the United States, and they have operations in other countries, so they want us to do it there. So that’s kind of a base load that we can add to the data set organically. And then same thing with either leveraging our existing payroll partnerships here in the United States are working with new HR providers or payroll processors in those markets to add records. That’s all the approach. So it’s definitely organic.
Mark Begor: Well, our goal would be to have a similar competitive strength globally. We think that we have a lot of opportunities to do that. In many of our markets that we’re in today, we’re really the only one doing it. The couple of markets, I believe in the UK, Experian has talked about trying to do something like what we’re doing but not in other markets. But we think we have a lot of competitive strengths. We’ve got a technology stack that we’ve invested hundreds of millions of dollars, and it’s now cloud-based. We have the relationships that I talked about, and we have the know-how. So we’re going to approach it. These take time to build. It takes time to build out the records and the record contributors. Remember, it took us over a decade to get Workforce Solutions to some level of scale in a big market like the United States. We’ll likely be able to do that more quickly in these other markets because of the leverage we have in our technology and relationships in the marketplace. But it will definitely get built out. And we’ll likely do other markets beyond the four that we’re in. That will be a part of our growth strategy.
Mark Begor: Yes, sure. I would argue it already, at least our outlook is significantly weaker. We, a few months ago, thought it’d be down 15 for 2022, and now we’re down 21.5. That’s meaningfully different than – I think it’s quite powerful that Equifax has the momentum from the fourth quarter and the strength to offset that. We’re very pleased with that. It shows the strength of the underlying business. We finished the fourth quarter quite strongly and had momentum coming into the year. We would look to continue to outperform going forward. We can’t predict that at this stage because we are working with it down 21.5. But when you combine the down 21.5 with the decline in 2020, the mortgage market has moved substantially at least in our forecast towards the normalization. And then we think a lot, and I’m sure you do too, about there’s obviously the interest rate impact, which is primarily what factored into our reset of the mortgage market. But still offsetting that is a very sizable home price appreciation that we’ve never seen in kind of the last 20 years that is a positive that we think could dampen at least further declines. It's hard to forecast what's going to happen with interest rates, but there's a lot of equity for consumers to access. And historically, when consumers have that ability to do cash-out refis, they will do that to do home improvement, to do vacations or other things they're going to do. So those are some of the elements that we think about. But just on our so-called updated guidance with mortgage down meaningfully from where we thought a few months ago and then the ability to offset that, we think that shows the strength and breadth of the underlying Equifax business.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think you're talking about versus what you would call our traditional competitors. I think you're talking more about some of the fintechs that are doing consented data kind of acquisitions. And we have solutions there, too. We have a partnership with Yodlee here in the United States. We have in other markets where we do consented data. There's a lot of friction involved in consented data. And it starts with you have to disrupt the process as a mortgage process or a credit card process or an auto process to ask the consumer to give their user ID and password for their bank account or their user ID and password for their payroll processor or their user ID and password for their employee benefits site at their company. And there's just a lot of fallout of consumers that aren't willing to do that. And we've just seen – it's certainly a niche that we're playing in, but it's one that we haven't seen real traction in. And then second is the fact that most of our customers, actually all of them, want instant verifications. Meaning just pinging our database and we send back the element, you don't have that friction and time. It could take hours, days, who knows dependent upon a digital process, to have that consent process take place. So that the instant verification is when we're in a workflow with our customer, meaning they're processing a mortgage, it gets to a certain point, they ping our database. And we deliver in milliseconds the verification of that. So I think it's a niche, but we really don't view them as competitors. As John pointed out earlier in the conversation, we still think about our biggest competitor being paper paystubs. That's the one that we continue to displace through instant. Again, there's friction with paper paystubs. Someone's got to go get them. There's a lot of fraud involved. We do that instant verification. You asked a question about access our records at a lower price. We've said many times, including the three new relationships we signed late in the year, that our relationships are exclusive. And exclusive means exclusive, meaning they're not accessible by others, which is the way we want to have those relationships kind of broadly and our partners do also. And then remember, 60% of our records come from individual companies. Those are very hard to access even through a consumer-consented process. And then I'll just end I think with your question about our consent process. As you know, we authenticate anyone who uses our data, and we require anyone who uses our data to follow Fair Credit Reporting Act processes where the individual, the consumer has to consent to access to their data. So no data is used without a consumer consenting in Workforce Solutions, of course, or in our credit file business. And that's inherent in the security and privacy processes that we have. And on top of that, we're credentialing or authenticating the company that's using the data, which is another element in ensuring that they follow the Fair Credit Reporting Act processes.
Mark Begor: We don't think consumer-consented income and employment verification is an M&A target for us. We already have the ability to do it ourselves through other partnerships we have. And we view it as a niche, although we bought a consumer-consented business in the U.K. really because of open data. But that was one that really is more U.K.-centric. The other acquisitions we've done were really to strengthen our Employer Services or solutions business, where we provide compliance and regulatory services to HR managers. And that's a big business for us. It's one where they typically do that themselves and then outsource to someone like Equifax because we can do it with a higher degree of accuracy, privacy, efficiency. And that's W-2 management. It's I-9 verification. It's Work Opportunity Tax Credit, Employee Resource Credit, HCA, et cetera, those compliance services, I-9 verification. So we provide those services. And the three and now four acquisitions we've done with Efficient Hire that we did this week really strengthen us in those services elements to the HR manager. And then as a part of that solution, we also get TWN records. So it's another way for us to obtain records. So that's really our M&A focus there. There aren't a lot of those opportunities. Of course, we acquired another very attractive one this week in Efficient Hire and of course, three last year, as we pointed out. And then the other M&A focus for us is around our talent data hub. And that's the Appriss acquisition that we closed on in October, really attractive team and business that we brought in and brought in unique data at scale around incarceration and criminal justice and also medical credentialing data. And that's an area where we've been very clear that we'd like to do more M&A both in Employer Services, like Efficient Hire this week. We'd also like to do more M&A around data that's used in the hiring process like Appriss to build out the Equifax data hub.
Mark Begor: I think you got to kind of layer another leg on that is how might it impact the economy. But as you know, while inflation is up, wages are up also. And job growth is up, people are working. During the last 24 months, they've strengthened broadly their credit position, meaning that a lot of the stimulus money has been used to make men pays and pay down credit card balances. So as we enter 2022, you've got a consumer that broadly is much better positioned than they were two years ago when we entered COVID. So I think that is a positive for our customers and a positive for us. The other thing that, again, going beyond the consumer is that a lot of our customers have experienced deleveraging, meaning customers paying down balances. So they're focused, and you've seen that in our FMS marketing revenue, they're focused on going after new customers that generally are more creditworthy. I think on a – over the last two years, credit scores have gone up something like 20 points on average because of the stimulus money and now increasingly, people are working. So that's how I would think about it that we're still in a pretty attractive environment. Now how long does inflation hold up? What happens – what does the Fed do with interest rates beyond what they've kind of indicated? I think those are all different factors. But my expectation is 2022 should be pretty good for the consumer, meaning they're strong and then good for us because our customers are going to be looking to grow their business with those consumers.
Mark Begor: I would add, these numbers are quite exceptional, right? Those kind of growth rates. And as we look at quarter – year-over-year kind of growth on a quarterly basis, they're growing over kind of exceptional performance. And just adding to it, clearly, outperforming the long-term framework we put in place in November for Workforce Solutions of 13 to 15, which is kind of how that – their piece of our 8 to 12 going forward, they're clearly outperforming that. And there's a lot of factors there, whether it's records, penetration, new product rollouts. They've been performing very, very strongly. And then we expect that to continue to have a very strong 2022 from workforce.
Mark Begor: Yes, we typically don't give actual segment growth like that as a part of our guidance, but let me just give some color about how we think about those verticals is that there's a couple of questions ago, I talked about cards and so on. We think card growth will be positive for us and for the industry in 2022 as card issuers are looking to rebuild their balance sheets after they come down. P loans is another one that should be positive in – for the industry in 2022. There was some real tightening in 2020 as we went into COVID. That started to relax as we got into the mid parts of 2021. So that should be a benefit. Auto is broadly strong from a consumer demand standpoint, but you've got the supply chain issues, meaning there aren't available autos, which have dampened some of that. Whether those supply chain issue's sorted out is hard to see, not my strength. But there's underlying consumer demand there that's quite strong.
Mark Begor: Generally, we think about new products is generally being quite accretive to our margins because they're generally – think about our Vitality Index of $500 million of growth over the last three years. Those are generally incremental revenue, and they have high incremental margins. So that's kind of how we think about it. So they deliver margin pretty quickly that are accretive to our historical growth rates. And that's why we're so focused on new products because they drive our top line and then the incremental nature of that growth is expanding our margins.
John Gamble: We also look closely at run rates. So really through January through early February, the run rates are consistent with what we’ve talked about in our first quarter – the first quarter estimate down 24% wasn’t changed that really materially from the estimate we gave in October. So we look closely at those run rates. We think they’ve been relatively predictive. And we’re also, as Mark said, we try to be very open about what we’ve assumed. So that if you have a different view on mortgage, at least you’ll have a very good view as to what we put into our numbers, and you can obviously act accordingly.
John Gamble: Yes. The big – one of the biggest factors would be the fact that we did the large acquisitions in the second half of this year. So you wrap around the addition of that revenue as you get into the third quarter, but principally the fourth quarter. But overall, we expect Workforce Solutions to continue to perform extremely well and drive very high organic growth throughout the year.
John Gamble: So, I don’t have a specific forecast for mortgage rates, right? What we do is, I think we have an earlier question, right? We look at the current forecasts that are out there for the 10-year. And we try to consider those in the decisions we make, right? So right now, I think if you took a look at the Bloomberg average, you’d see an expectation that we’re going to see the 10-year go up, say, somewhere between 35 basis points and 50 basis points. So, we make an assumption that probably you’re looking at mortgage rates moving in a similar direction. To be fair, as Mark said, forecasting the mortgage market, incredibly hard and actually tying the movement in the mortgage market to the 10-year, also incredibly hard. But that’s basically what we’ve assumed in the practice.
John Gamble: So I can get – the first one I have, it’s 27%. I think we did give in the script some detail on mortgage revenue for EWS and USIS, specifically. But for Equifax, fourth quarter mortgage was 27% of total revenue. And for the full year, it was 32%. And Andrew, just as an FYI, a little later today, we’ll post the supplemental deck. And in that will be the updated pie charts that show revenue by segment for Equifax in each of the business units.
John Gamble: Sure. I can start, and I’m sure Mark will jump in, right? So, we had nonmortgage organic growth of about 6%. We had total growth of about 12%, right? I think as Mark mentioned in the script, we’re seeing very good growth continues in insurance. We said up double digits, up high single digits in commercial, high single digits in identity and fraud. So again, we think very good performance.
John Gamble: Absolutely, right. So with FI, obviously, we saw very strong growth, as Mark said, in FMS, which we think is going to translate into strengthening growth as we go through all of 2022. We’ve also had, as Mark mentioned in his comments, really nice new business wins in USIS, a lot of that around FI. And then we’ve had actually some several significant wins with larger FIs that should ramp as we go through 2022. So, we think we’re going to see nice increases on organic growth as we move through 2022, both in total organic growth, but organic growth specifically to FIs. And as we look at identity and fraud, we saw really nice growth in, let’s call it, our new identity and fraud products, our identity foundry and really Kount-based products. As we got into the fourth quarter, growth there was well over 20%. We are going through a little bit of a transition. We’re transitioning off some of our older legacy based products under those new products. So you see some choppy growth, although up high single digit, certainly isn’t bad. And – but we’re seeing very good growth in the Kount-based products and the products that are based on the new identity foundry that we’ve talked to you about in the past, which is all built on data fabric. So, we feel like the 6% that we talked about in organic in the fourth quarter was relatively good performance. As we indicated, it’s probably going to be about similar to that in the first, but we’re expecting to see nice improvement as we go through next year.
John Gamble: Yes. And we indicated they’ll step back to 55% in the first quarter, right? So, I mean – so we feel very good about the fact that these each of those three factors that Mark talked about, we can address, and we will address them very quickly. And they were all substantial, right? So, you can think about them all being relatively consistent in size and significant to what affected us year-on-year, but we expect to be back at 55% in the first quarter.
John Gamble: The other thing I'd just add is that if you think about the markets we're addressing, our penetration in those markets still has a long way to run, right? As Mark mentioned in his comments on mortgage, which is where we're the most highly penetrated, it's still just over 60%. And when you go into talent solutions and government, and it's important to remember in both of those segments, right, it's not just current record, it's depth of records, so that's extremely important, right? History makes an extremely – is extremely important in both our government services and importantly, our talent solutions businesses. There, our penetration is, in most cases, well under 25%, right, and growing very rapidly. And the reason it's growing rapidly again is because of the depth of records we're now able to provide, which we couldn't provide two-years ago. So we think there's huge opportunity in those nonmortgage businesses to substantially grow our share. And right now, we're competing against, in many cases, pay stubs or more manual processes to collect the information. So we feel very, very good about the opportunities to grow within the market segment by basically providing instant verifications within those market segments where they're not available today.
John Gamble: What’s happening in talent feels a lot like what happened in mortgage. If you look back over time in mortgage as the depth of the database increased substantially, our penetration went up very, very rapidly. And that’s what drove a lot of growth. And as Mark described, the depth of TWN but also all these other data assets has now made our ability to respond with a more complete response and talent, which is obviously harder because there’s more information there has improved dramatically over the past two to three years. And so that’s why even before acquiring Appriss, we were talking about organic growth rates that were on the order of 100%, right? So we feel like we’ve hit an inflection point in talent as well.
John Gamble: And we're like most companies, right? We run a broad group of risks and opportunities against our plans. And we wouldn't – we try to cover our risk across the entire company, right? And obviously, mortgage market is a risk that everyone is dealing with in our industry. And we work across Equifax to drive growth through more MDI, everything Mark's already talked about, to give us opportunities to cover additional risk.
John Gamble: Sure. So I think Mark talked about it, right? And we saw a real acceleration in record additions and product launches, right, at EWS specifically, right? So I think that's where we saw acceleration. Certainly, as you get closer to a period, right, you get more visibility, and that's part of it. But no, we really did see very nice improvement in growth as it relates to record additions and things that would be very beneficial in 2022 in Workforce Solutions that affects not only mortgage, but also all the other non-mortgage areas that we talked about and also those three substantial payroll providers that we indicated we signed that have not gone into production yet. So it gives us more comfort in the pace of new record addition as well, which also adds to new products, right? I mean, as we get deeper data sets, more history, new product launches accelerate. So all of those things work together to give us confidence, that we can that cover that 6.5% incremental decline in the mortgage market.
John Gamble: Let me just – I know Mark jump in, but let me just give you some background rate. So the – so I think we're seeing very, very good growth in talent solutions and government, organic and inorganic. And part of what you're seeing is just a year-over-year effect. If you went back and looked at our results last year, you started seeing accelerated growth in talent solutions as you got into late third quarter and really fourth quarter of last year is my recollection. So I think part of what you're seeing is just a year-over-year effect. And it was – we started to see – really see the acceleration in the growth of some of those non-mortgage businesses. As records grew, it's kind of everything we talked about before. So we feel very good about the growth of non-mortgage across verification services and its direction and pace.
John Gamble: The only thing we did say is in our 2022 guidance for USIS non-mortgage, which includes more than the three segments you just referenced, it includes identity and fraud. It includes commercial and some other segments, we had said basically high single digits, up 6% to 8%. So consistent with our long-term framework.
