Rick Smith: Thanks, John. As I give you guidance for the second quarter and for the balance of the year, just to clarify, that does not assume any additional M&A at this juncture. So it’s obviously the full-year of Veda in the numbers plus organic growth. And as John alluded to in his comments, we’re expecting to do additional tuck-in M&A this year. That’s just not in the guidance I’m about to give you. I wanted to make sure that was clear. For the second quarter, we’re increasing our outlook for both revenues and adjusted EPS. We now expect revenue, including Veda, to be between $795 million and $805 million, reflecting constant currency revenue growth of 20% to 22%. That’s partially offset by 3% of FX headwind. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.34 and $1.36. That’s up 17% to 18% over 2015. Excluding $0.03 per share of negative impact from FX, this reflects constant currency organic EPS growth of 19% to 21%. With our strong first quarter performance and second quarter -- and outlook for the second quarter, we’re also increasing our full-year outlook for the year. We expect revenue, including the impact of Veda, to be between $3.05 billion and $3.15 billion, reflecting constant currency revenue growth of 17% to 20%, again partially offset by 2 to 3 points of FX headwind. This is up from the previous guidance of $3.0 billion to $3.1 billion and will move us nicely above the high-end of our multi-year financial model of 6% to 8% organic growth. And we also, as I mentioned earlier, expect potential additional growth through acquisitions as our pipeline is strong, but not included in that outlook. Adjusted EPS for the year is expected to be between $5.15 and $5.25, which is up 14% to 17% year-on-year. Excluding approximately $0.12 per share of negative impact from FX, this reflects constant currency EPS growth of 17% to 19%. This too is up from the $4.95 to $5.05 that we guided to during the fourth quarter earnings call a few months ago. We also continue to expect as John had mentioned, we expect our adjusted EBITDA margin to continue to expand by approximately 75 basis points for all of 2016. So with that, operator, we’d like to open-up to any questions we may have from our audience.
Rick Smith: Sure, Manav. It’s an important part of our multi-year strategy. We -- as I alluded to in the prepared comments, we’ve the technology platform exchange that will be moving to different parts of the world. We’ve strong customer interest. We’re going to be very focused in the countries which we go. That process is already underway. Places like Australia, Canada, the U.K. and India are ones that we’re moving on right now. Think of it as a multi-year kind of contributor versus something where we all wake up tomorrow and there is a dramatic change. This is going to be a nice contributor to us. It is not contemplated -- when I talk to our investors and [indiscernible] and others about kind of multi-year financial outlook for EWS, that revenue was not contemplated, so this would be on top of that growth, which I have met with a number of customers internationally, as did Dan, when Dan was in the role and now as Rudy. And I can tell you the interest is very, very high and we’ve the unique technology to do -- to satisfy those needs in those parts of the world.
Rick Smith: Yes, our pipeline is good. My whole focus to date has been getting Veda integrated properly. The team’s focused on that, bringing products to Australia, New Zealand, and they’re doing that. But at the same time, we’ve a strategy. That strategy has resulted in a pipeline and we’re moving forward on that. So, while it’s not in the guidance, yes, to be very, clear, you should expect that we do a few strategic tuck-ins throughout the balance of the year.
Rick Smith: I think, our long-term model is 1 or 2 points of kind of market kind of growth. And as you know, the balance of the growth is we call initiatives, which are internal organic stuff. I’d say the markets around the world are consistent with that model. We are not -- you are seeing some areas of good growth like automotive in the U.S but I’d not say there is anything that’s significantly changing the market dynamics of growth beyond the 1 or 2 points we talk about and have talked about for years. So, it continues to be largely driven by internal initiatives, including NPI, EGI, and others.
Rick Smith: Yes, I continue to talk about EWS as being an unbelievable growth story for us, not just since we bought it nine years ago, but over the next 10 years. And I like to describe it, Andre, as being very early stages of its growth. What I mean by that is, we’ve talked to you and others about our path to 300 million records and we’re well on our way to that. That’s a huge lever for growth. We’ve talked about further penetrating verticals in the United States. And you heard John talk about great growth, broad-based growth in government collections, auto, card, mortgage, with the penetration level there it’s so early, and it was many, many years of growth still to be had there. Third is the analytics. I alluded to that, John has alluded to that. It’s growing dramatically year-on-year. It was a good growth driver last year. That’s got a number of years of growth left in it. And then, we’re now trying to take that platform and take it to other areas I alluded to, overtime pay is an example, IRS, 1094 and 1095. And then, lastly, it’s taking the work number exchange and technology platform we’ve and capabilities globally. So, when you couple that together, there are so many years of growth left in that business. Is it always going to grow with it -- what was it, 21%, John, in the first quarter? But we gave you a very robust multi-year growth, and I clearly expect that business for as long as I can see, to grow within that range that we’re committed to.
Rick Smith: Yes, I gave you the guidance for this year. It’s going to be a very good year for PSOL. They’ve signed up. As you know, we have a Credit Karma relationship from last year. We’ve got another big player that I think has been publicly announced, they announced it last year in LifeLock. But then we’ve all these other great indirect partners that these guys are signing up. So, I’m very bullish for Global Consumer this year. They will be at or nicely above their multi-year model. And again, Dan is doing a great job now of taking that capability and not just looking at U.K., Canada, our two international platforms, but looking at other opportunities in other parts of our globe that we can take that Renaissance platform we earlier referred to, which is a core platform, and bring it to other markets and grow outside the current footprint.
Rick Smith: Sure. I’ll jump in and John, if I miss something, please add to it. One, I tried to be very direct in my guidance when we wrapped up 2015, when I talk about USIS knowing that 2015 first quarter and really the first couple of months of the second quarter were very, very, very strong. I mean, the growth rate for mortgage in 2015 over 2014 in USIS in the first quarter was extremely strong double-digit. So we knew there was some headwind there. So, when I guided for USIS, or we guided for USIS, I said it would be at the low end, if not below the low-end of a multi-year range. So it came in exactly where we expected it and it’s largely driven by those comps in mortgage. But it just remains very healthy. It’s got those first two quarters of headwind that it’s going to have to get through. The great thing is we’ve got great balance across the portfolio. Number two is, if you think of NPI, it takes a while to gain momentum. And they started building some momentum late last year, late to mid last year. That momentum is continuing now. So the number of products they have, like the rest of the Company, are broad across many verticals. Obviously, the one we’ve talked about with the investors that will pay big dividends in the second half of the year is the launching of trended data for USIS. And that goes live, as I alluded to in the third quarter of this year. So, automotive continues to be a good market for us in USIS; everything else I described is a stable economic environment. I think John did a great job. When you think of the U.S business, USIS, we separate two entities. We call one EWS; we call the other USIS. You think about many of the activities are going on when you compare ourselves to others in the U.S marketplace. A fair way to look at it, I think, for you guys is to compare either all of EWS in with USIS or you take the Verification Services and Analytics, which is healthcare, and look at it that way. When you look at it that way, as John said, you’re getting double-digit growth. And that’s the way we look at the business. We bring all of our products to bear to our customers and it doesn’t matter if it’s an analytics for healthcare company, if it’s a work number record or if its fraud, identity, management or credit file. They’re all solving problems for customers in the U.S, and that’s a strong, healthy, double-digit growth.
Rick Smith: It’s going well, Brett. So, overall the debt management platform, which, as you guys know by now, was TDX and it was this business we call Inffinix, which we bought in Mexico. So we are combining those capabilities; we are taking up those offerings global. So the growth rate is beyond just the government contract in the U.K. and we are gaining traction around the world. Hopefully we’ll have some nice wins to report later on in the year outside of the traditional footprint. But specific to the government contract, it’s ramping up as expected. And as John alluded to and I have alluded to in the past, as that revenue continues to ramp, the international EBITDA margins will continue to expand nicely. So it’s on track as expected. It will be a nice contributor this year to the topline and profits.
Rick Smith: That’s a good question and there is no doubt about it that the analytics push that we’ve had is fueling great growth there and will continue to fuel great growth for the next couple of years, but it’s also changing mindset. We used to always assume that the employer business was there to feed records into the verification side and it would be countercyclical. So if unemployment claims rise, that business would grow as it did in 2009, 2010. We’ve changed our views there. We’ve been investing over the years fairly heavily in platforms and capabilities. We changed the mindset of the leadership team there to think of it as a growth business. So, what you’re getting is clear growth in analytics, but also growth in the core non-analytics businesses with an employer. Not at the same rate as analytics, but when you put the two together, you get really good growth.
Rick Smith: Let me jump in. It’s not the analytics that was unusual in the first quarter, it was the tax credits.
Rick Smith: I think if you think about it, one, it’s the maturation process. We’ve been in NPI in the Company, I think, since 2006, so as you mature it just becomes more effective. Two, we launched, as you recall, NPI 2.0 maybe two years ago. We kind of revamped the enthusiasm, the approach towards NPI. Clearly, that’s paying dividends as you get other -- more businesses into the game in a broader way. We talked that USIS now ramping up. We’ve talked about Canada ramping up in NPI. And lastly, you can’t ignore the fact that the technology platforms we’ve invested in that facilitate the ability to build products faster, like Cambrian, building platforms like TotalView which allow our customers to consume multiple products quicker. So the combination of maturation NPI 2.0 plus the technology platforms like Cambrian and TotalView that we’ve invested in, are all facilitating unbelievable strength in innovation around the world.
Rick Smith: Yes it’s great -- that’s a great question, Gary. I’d say, that’s a really good question. What you end up doing when you verticalize the Company as we’ve done in the last five or six years is you now have domain expertise in the vertical, so you’re building specific products with great insight and knowledge to solve the problems in those verticals and we couldn’t do that before. So, there is no doubt that having domain expertise in verticals facilitates greater knowledge and has faster or more NPI.
Rick Smith: No, Tim, it’s not a one-time step up. It’s -- and I tried to give you some text around that in the prepared comments, but it is a great growth this year. We’re going to continue to expand the capabilities. I talked about 1094 and 1095 with the IRS. We talked about bringing the platform to overtime pay compliance; we’ve talked about bringing once we get the work number up and running internationally, bringing the analytics platform we built for ACA in other parts of the world. So, now it’s an integral part of our growth strategy for EWS globally.
Rick Smith: Yes, there is no doubt there are other players in the marketplace. We think we’ve a unique value proposition versus many of them, but there is some good competitors. Number two is the pipeline continues to grow. Number three is when the fine start to be levied to these companies later on this year, that can create an awareness and concern that’s going to facilitate even a stronger pipeline as we exit this year and go into 2018.
Rick Smith: Yes, Toni, we think about the Company as being a very well-run Company, an established Company, a Company that’s respected in the regions in which it play. So we’re buying really good assets that’s got good growth. We’ve already given the Company a multi-year model for that which is at or above all multi-year organic growth model. Two, there will be some M&A opportunities as we get to know that part of the world better which add to the growth. Number three is bringing products like our fraud products, Cambrian, *TotalView, Interconnect and others, Work Number, PSOL, to Australia will help grow. Right now it’s all about making sure we keep this asset focused on customers, get the backroom integrated properly, build a multi-year plan. It’s not going to be a big bang on the transfer of products or knowledge. It will rather be a very thoughtful transfer of those capabilities over many years to continue to grow that business nicely.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think it’s evolving as we expected and communicated in the past that’s there will be a world of free and there will be a world of pay. Those two will coexist together. I think long-term the growth is going to be greater in the free, which means the paid model around the world will be slower growth, but still viable, still profitable, still growing.
Rick Smith: Thank you for the compliment. If I had to think about it over a multi-year kind of landscape versus a quarter …
Rick Smith: EWS, clearly. I mean, my god, that is -- I don't know how else to describe it other than it has many, many, many years of very solid topline, bottom line growth. And we talked about it getting up to 50% EBITDA margins over some time and high growth that is just unbelievable. Number two, the other growth lever I love and Gary asked about it is NPI. And its refreshing that NPI combination with the maturation and the technology bodes very well for the next five years. Number three, EGI. We are really clicking. Andy and his team are on our enterprise growth initiatives, large complicated multi-business in multi-country growth objectives. That’s got a lot of growth left in it. I’m really, over multiple years, very optimistic about taking the Veda platform and growing it. With Work Number going global, I think it’s going to give us -- as I said before, when I bought the Company, it will give us access to other parts of that world with great scale. We already have great scale. We’ve people in that part of the region, so we will do some acquisitions there. Trended data is going to be important to us, not just for Fannie, we’ve been doing a lot of analytics around the KS list; we are getting by different verticals. So, I think that bodes well for us. And then maybe lastly is continuing to look at different geographies around the world we want to expand.
Rick Smith: Again, bringing that to other parts of the world is going to be a nice catalyst for multi-year growth.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think so, because our assets are different. If you talk about the ability to trend utility database, who else can do that? If you talk about the ability to trend [indiscernible], who else can do that? If you talk about the ability to trend employment data, who else can do that? If you talk about the ability to trend income data? So, is the solutions we’re providing for Fannie different than what TU is doing today? No, it’s virtually the same. But the future is trending far beyond just Credit File, and that’s where I think we are uniquely positioned.
Rick Smith: Yes, sure. Thank you. Good question, Judah. So, one is we are -- we bought a company a number of years ago, TrustedID, and it takes a while to ramp up an indirect business. We’ve done that now nicely. It took a while to get some momentum. Number two is we are partnering with some pretty good partners who are out there spending a lot of money, trying to advertise the product to the consumer. And obviously that builds over time; as they gain traction, we gain traction. So, it’s a combination of multiple factors kind of coming together at one time.
Rick Smith: Hey, Shlomo, Rick here. Just one other thing. [Indiscernible] back to 5,000 feet on margins, if you think of EBITDA margins. Just two points. One, I think you will agree, our EBITDA margin is starting -- this is for the Company now, at a very high level. But I think we are in the top 25% of the S&P 500 or so for EBITDA margin. Secondly, we’ve committed to approximately 75 basis points on top of what is already very high margin for the year. We reaffirmed we will deliver that this year. All the way we deliver that for the Company is if the individual components, including International, continue to improve and increase. So it’s important we keep that in context.
Rick Smith: That’s a great question, Shlomo. The answer is yes. And that success -- I’ll give you some numbers in the past on these calls and that success will be further enhanced very shortly as we build a technology link that makes the transition from ACA into the Work Number database easier for our customers. So, that technology link and capability will go live in July of this year. Said another way, it’s been a more manual, grind-it-out population of the [indiscernible] database from ACA clients. It will be far easier, more seamless for our customers starting in the third quarter.
Rick Smith: Yes, I feel good about it. That’s why we gave it. As we get into -- back into this year, if there is something from a macro perspective or internally that would drive me to reconsider a different range above that, we will do that at that time. But at this juncture, I think if we can consistently, year in, year out, deliver 6% to 8% topline organically, another point or two inorganically, and give you some capital structure leverage, operating leverage, and a nice dividend and give 13% to 15% return to our shareholders, I think that’s a pretty damn good model, year in and year out. And you will find years move up [indiscernible] as we did last year, as we’re on track to do this year, but multi-unit's a pretty doggone good model, I think, and hope you agree.
Rick Smith: I never quite thought of it that way. I think anytime they are out there in the marketplace getting consumers to be interested about their credit and that results in a product that we sell-through Credit Karma or LifeLock or something else a consumer buys, that’s kind of contemplated in today’s model and tomorrow’s model. I don’t think it changes the financial representation of the relationship terribly. But, to be honest, I’ve not given it a lot of thought.
Rick Smith: No, we don’t break out that level of detail. But as John said, I think I may have said too, the verification growth, which I think was 16%, is that right, for the quarter was broad based. And selling verticals, I think John [indiscernible] auto, car, government, mortgage and others. And not only that, it’s so early days of penetrating those markets, so there is many years of growth beyond mortgage. And guidance we gave for EWS assumes a flat to slightly down mortgage market for the full-year. So it’s going to have really good growth with mortgage decline over the balance of the year.
Rick Smith: I would say it’s a strong testament to leadership. And I mean that seriously. When we -- Brian, Tom, Madison, who is a seasoned executive for us and gave them, in addition to many other things, commercial and [indiscernible] in his past life when he ran USIS, those two guys rejuvenated the people, rejuvenated NPI within commercial. Strategically had a much different outreach, SPFE and/or customers and leadership of those two guys and their teams have done a remarkable job of restating -- reinstating a growth mindset into a business.
Rick Smith: Yes, Bill, when you think of all the growth levers that your peers have referenced in past commentary, and if I were to list 10 of them, maybe 15 of them, maybe 20 of them, I don’t think that FICO score would make the list. There are so many other great things that we are doing that you and I should focus on and others should focus on. And this is obviously important to us, that particular FICO score with LN data and our data is de minimus when you think of moving the needle for us.
Rick Smith: I don’t know about that. But here is what you should know is -- and no one has said it, , it’s the pipeline is really strong; two is when the fines come out, that pipeline is going to strengthen. Three is we are going to take it to different areas like 1095 -- 1094 and 1095 for IRS. And, four, we are going to take that product to different areas we haven’t even thought about before as we become a compliance center expert.
Rick Smith: Sure. Thanks, everyone, for your questions. Operator, I think that’s it. Again, we thank everybody for their interest and the time today and with that, operator, we will terminate the call.
John Gamble: We saw great growth in identity and fraud all last year and again in the first quarter of this year, very good growth in commercial last year, and again in the first quarter of this year. So, as Rick said, very broad-based and not forgetting very high EBITDA margins. Last year’s EBITDA margins were 51%, adjusting for legal, almost at that level this year. So, very, very strong performance.
John Gamble: And we just continue to caution people that given it’s our first big contract with the U.K. government like this, that in terms of the level of growth rate, we’re just going to have to tell you what the growth rate is going to look like as it occurs, because this is the first contract of this size we’ve had with the government like this.
John Gamble: And just specific to the first quarter, as we mentioned, right, excluding analytics, the other businesses grew mid single-digit, which is consistent with our expectation. So, great growth from Workforce Analytics. Please do remember, in general, Employer Services is stronger in the first quarter, because of work opportunity tax credits. The revenue there is skewed toward the front half of the year.
John Gamble: No, it’s just bigger. It’s just way bigger, right. So the business is growing dramatically, so that dynamic is just bigger in the overall growth rate of the Employer Services segment.
John Gamble: And the customer base that we can apply the core ACA capability to is broader than we currently want. So there is more customers just within the core application.
John Gamble: On your first question, Work Opportunity tax credit revenue was slightly higher, the growth rate in first quarter ’16 and first quarter ’15. It wasn’t a major driver, but it was slightly higher.
John Gamble: Yes. So, we didn’t give exact numbers, right. But effectively the drivers were -- biggest driver was Latin -- in terms of reduction, was Latin America. So Latin America, because of the really substantial devaluation of currencies, which is much larger than we’ve seen in the last several years. We saw a margin impact there that was planned, it was expected to occur. And that is specifically related to the fact that we do have non-local currency expenses and all local currency revenues, so that the margins just don’t benefit on both the top and bottom line in the same way. Canada margins were slightly down as well, because you saw Canada revenue was flat on a local currency basis, expenses were up slightly. So you had Canada marking down slightly, but the big driver was Latin America. And the positive side in terms of international margins that partially offset those declines were obviously the adding of Veda, because they had very good EBITDA margins. And then also, as Rick mentioned during his prepared comments and after, debt management grew and performed better. We took out some costs and we saw some better performance in overall margins in debt management. So, that -- those were the drivers of why you saw basically flat EBITDA margins in International.
John Gamble: So we will get some revenue leverage. We will also obviously get Veda for an entire quarter in the second quarter where we only had them for 40% of a quarter in the first quarter. And as we’ve said, we are expecting to see some leverage in improved revenue performance in Canada as we move through the year. We are expecting to see also continued improved performance in Europe as we move through the year. So, generally speaking, the continued good revenue performance in International if you had for multiple years, we think it’s going to drive some improved performance in EBITDA margin, as well as we are expecting cost performance improvements because of the regionalizations we started last year and we’ve been talking about for the past year.
John Gamble: Shlomo, just to make sure we are clear, since we are using acronyms, I was referring to EBITDA margin and that was the answer I was giving was around EBITDA margin.
