Richard F. Smith: Great. Thanks, Lee. Some quick comments about the full year of 2013 and the quarter, then we'll go to questions. Back in December, during our Investor Day, we outlined 2013 and gave you an outlook. We talked about 10% to 12% revenue growth, 20% to 25% growth in adjusted earnings per share and operating margin in the range of 26% to 27%. We also indicated that we expected the mortgage market to remain relatively strong through the first half of 2013, but then down 15% for the full year. We also described an economic environment where we expected modest U.S. GDP growth of around 2% and sluggish global GDP growth of approximately 2.4%. We continue to be confident in our ability to deliver 2013 results within those ranges outlined in December. For the full year, excluding the impact of the recent -- including the impact of the recent dispositions that we've talked about, our expectation for adjusted EPS from continuing operations is between $3.56 and $3.64 a share. For the first quarter, assuming the current exchange rates and the continuation of the mortgage activity we experienced this past quarter, our outlook for revenue growth from continuing operations is between 10% and 12%. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.84 and $0.87 per share for the quarter, up 20%, 24% from the first quarter of 2012. The negative impact in the first quarter from the 2 disposed businesses that we talked about, ESS and Talent Management, is approximately $0.01 for the quarter. So with that, operator, I'd like to open up for any questions or comments.
Richard F. Smith: David, just 2 other data points. One, Lee mentioned it, on the second fast growth business in the quarter, Workforce Solutions, as he mentioned, the WASI [ph], the fact that we had no revenue at that time but we still had the expenses to produce the WASI [ph] products and then PSol gets fluctuation obviously depends on the level of advertising investment. But again, look at the stuff we gave you for this year, 26% to 27%, obviously, the big business units have got to step up to get there, and we're confident they will. And two, as Lee said, that will be good as it's going to give you a framework on a multiyear, so go back and look at that. We stand committed to those numbers.
Richard F. Smith: Well, if confidence is higher, we wouldn't have given you the range. We talked that range in December, reiterate now, it's factoring in the benefits of CSC, it's also factoring in the fact that we, as we mentioned, the December we'll take roughly $20 million of the upside and invest -- upside being from the CSC acquisition and reinvest that back into the business for infrastructure needs, as well as products to accelerate growth long term. So you're going to get core organic non-CSC, if you will, expanded margins in line with the long-term range we gave you a year or so ago, 20, 25 basis points. You layer on top of that the CSC benefit and take out about $20 million for reinvestment.
Richard F. Smith: That's an ongoing process, I don't see any right now, to be honest. It's an ongoing process. As you know, over the 7.5 years I've been here, we've disposed of DMS business, we disposed of a little [indiscernible] business and now these 2, so all relatively small amounts strategic. But no, at this juncture, I see nothing else at that non-core description that needs to be disposed of, no.
Richard F. Smith: Well, we think we're uniquely positioned with our unique data assets to be a bigger player. We're a good-sized player today. We're over $100 million in the traditional -- between $100 million and $150 million, to be exact, in the traditional fraud market. A lot of it with the Work Number does when you have the verification of employment, verification of income, is the sole fraudulent promise. We're announcing a new leader, a new focus, a new team internally to take these historic products we have in fraud, build a new strategy to invest. I think what we're going to see initially is leveraging our current assets to be a bigger, faster grower in this marketplace. We will look at acquisitions if they make sense. But again, as we discussed in December and discussed in many different conferences, we think we're really uniquely positioned to be a player here in a much bigger way.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. The total, we've always talked about mortgage being somewhere in a range of 15% to 20%. It was in the upper end of that range, in the upper teens for the year. Refinancing makes up approximately 70% or more of that business. And as we talked about as we look at the guidance for 2013, the 15% down year-on-year for the year as we factored into our budget, it largely is driven by the assumption that rates do go up and refinancing drops in the second half of the year.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, again, roughly 70% of the total. And one thing you should know, Paul, too, as you think about your model going forward is that the Settlement Services product that we launched and have just sold will reduce our exposure to the mortgage market if you look back by about 3%.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Two great questions. You know, Andrew, we have been at strategic pricing, which is -- for about 6.5, almost 7 years now. We built a -- I don't use this term loosely, a world-class pricing team. There's a lot of opportunity left still. And it's not just a matter of picking a price from X to X-plus-something. It's how you bundle products together, it's how you segment your customers properly, it's really understanding price elasticity, it is new product introduction. So it's across many different facets and I like to -- we're in early innings of the pricing game here at Equifax. Specific to CSC, and one of the values we talked about a little bit in December, is the ability to deploy the things that we think are unique to Equifax on new assets and this asset would be CSC, things like process improvement in LEAN, but also pricing. So one of the first things that Rudy and his team are doing is taking the asset base that we've purchased, and making sure the pricing team looks at all the opportunities across different customers, different verticals and segments and so on and so forth, and instilling the same level of discipline there that we have in the core of the business around the world. So I think there's opportunity for CSC.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. If you think about our long-term objective of growing the operating margin 25 basis points, some of it comes from leverage, just gross scale, and some of it comes from process improvement and the other key driver is and will be [indiscernible]
Richard F. Smith: Well, maybe I'll start with a broader answer than maybe what you think, which is CFPB. We have regulatory expenses that we manage in every geography we operate, and the regulatory landscape around the world is moving at a pace that's unlike anything I've seen in my time here. The contemplated expenses, yes, are in our budget. Specific to the CFPB, which is our new regulator in the U.S., that landscape is still moving. They were here with us for multiple weeks at the end of the year. They're going across the industry, gathering as much knowledge as they can about the industry. We don't know yet when their mandate will be published, and hence, what we've got to do as a business. But right now, what we're doing is spending time building out what we call compliance management organization, so the ability to actually be compliant once a mandate comes out. So I always tell people, Andrew, we have been heavily regulated throughout our existence. It's just the cost of doing business. We're prepared for it, and we also look at it on the revenue side, by the way, as every bit as much of an opportunity as there is going to be a threat. And what I mean by that, if you think about the ability to pay, which is a mandate coming out of CFPB, look at the policies around mortgage, we think we're very uniquely positioned to help CFPB, help the underwriters and help the consumers.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, we've seen card activity steadily ramp up towards the end of the year. Pre-screened business within that was up double-digit for the quarter, which is good.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, Carter, we were just down there last week, and on the integration side, it's going extremely well across all fronts. Being very well received, we've met with some of the largest banks in Brazil. Current customers and customers who want to do more with us. Reiterating the point to them that we in Equifax are keenly interested in being a long-term player in Brazil. So across all fronts, it's going well. The time line is undefined at this point in time, but stay tuned. It's an asset I want to control if we can get the asset the right price. So stay tuned and it's a good market by the way.
Richard F. Smith: Not at this juncture. We have -- we follow that, Allison, on a regular basis, as you might guess. We've got an internal economist. We've external economist we deal with, there's external benchmarks that you see, and at this juncture it still looks as if though we should expect a reasonable market in the first half of the year and then slowing in the second half of the year for a total mortgage market now being down 15%. And again, if you've followed us in the past, we expect that our business will decrease at a lesser rate than that as we drive penetration and we drive new products. But the market expectation still remains at 15% down for the year.
Richard F. Smith: I remain optimistic that they have turned the corner, I mentioned that the pipeline was up over 40% as they exited the year versus the year prior. They're executing at a higher level now, which is important. It's critical for them to improve their execution in a tough market environment. We gave a framework in December at the New York Stock Exchange for commercial, which was a multi-year growth bid to upper level. Yes, so I think it's growing this business in the mid to upper single digits is reasonable long term.
Richard F. Smith: I don't think I have it on the top of my head. Do you guys have that? There were a few breaches -- maybe just back up as we think about it, Bill. Historically, we've had a down drag on breach. It was high a number of years ago. Basically there was amendments for a number of years. 2012, we did have a bit of an uptick with 2 main breaches, so the breach...
Richard F. Smith: Yes. There are attributes that we use when we build various models across the business, including IXI. There were a few of our customers that were concerned about the use of some -- I'm not going to go into exactly what those are, but they were concerned about using those attributes in the future and would the government frown upon those and seeing those as maybe being discriminatory or misleading attributes. So we have to do -- by the way, there was no mandate from any one regulatory body that said you can't use these attributes, which is uncertain. And that uncertainty caused our customers to take pause, and what we've been spending our time doing is one, educating ourselves, educating our customers, but most importantly, building models that did not use those attributes. And we've done so, and those models proved to be largely as predictable as the old model. So we're taking those models now back to our customers.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. The ESS was a great new product, as you've mentioned. I think it must have been 6 or 7 years ago when we built that product. And it was a way to add more value to our current customer base. We had and hoped to get a different balance. If you look at the product offerings within the ESS, you get appraisal, and you have title close and we had built a long-term model with a different balance of mix between those 2 offerings, title close versus appraisal, we could never quite get the level we wanted on title close as a result of margin. It was not at the level we felt long-term made sense. There's better uses of our capital than that. So we sold it. And it's sort of multiple [indiscernible] tiny business. So it's -- I'm not going to disclose the multiple itself but take it as very small.
Lee Adrean: Sure, David. I think we've said for a while, we certainly worked to drive consistent margin performance on a total company basis, but it's very easy to see quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in individual businesses. USCIS was down 10 basis points year-over-year. We are making some investments in our fraud product lines there, where we see good opportunity. And given the size of business, and it's our biggest, but you spend $0.5 million or $1 million of additional investment a quarter and it's 20, 40 basis points. So that pretty readily can explain quarter-to-quarter fluctuations. So we don't really focus on individual business unit quarterly margins, so much is trends over a longer period. We do focus at a total company level of ensuring that we're delivering consistent performance. Our expectations on margins for next year across the business units continue to be consistent with what we said at the Investor Day in December.
Lee Adrean: Yes. Interest expense, I'm going to do this one from memory. Tax rate will be between 35% and 37% for the year. Interest expense, between $60 million [ph] and $75 million for the year, and D&A, I don't have. I think, my recollection is it's roughly comparable, up slightly to this year. Well actually, that's not true because I'm not factoring in -- plus and then add CSC on top of it and I don't remember what that number is.
Lee Adrean: Goodwill is not amortized. The bulk of the amortizable intangibles, I believe, are over about 15 years.
Lee Adrean: Andrew, I think you're on the right issue. I think we have returned to something more like normal seasonality. Historically, the first quarter was the -- and our quarters are not that different, but the first quarter has typically been slightly weaker than the others, and I think that's what we are anticipating for this year. I would expect the second and third quarters would be the strongest quarters in 2013, and the fourth quarter could be, again, a little bit softer if mortgage market is slipping over the course of the latter half of the year. So Q1 and Q4, likely a little softer than Q2 and Q3 in terms of dollar amount of revenue and dollar amount of earnings.
Lee Adrean: Yes. Average revenue -- we break it into revenue per transaction and then volume, and it can be a little misleading because we have some non transaction price revenue that affects revenue per transaction the way we do this simple calculation. But what happened in the fourth quarter is we shift our transaction mix, shift it towards higher-priced segments. Mortgage has a tendency to accentuate that, as mortgage tends to be in higher-priced segments, and away from some high-volume but lower unit price accounts. And then second, we did have increased revenue from subscription-billed products that we're having success with, and that affects our simple calculation of revenue per transaction. And then, transaction volume was down 9% due to that shift in -- away from high-volume but lower price accounts.
