Richard Smith: Great. Thanks, Lee. So a few closing comments before we go to some questions you might have. Reflect back to our February earnings call, I talked about delivering a first half performance with revenue growth in the range of 6% to 8% and operating margins in the range of 23%. I remain very confident in that outlook. For the second quarter, assuming current exchange rates, we expect to be squarely in that range of growth of 6% to 8%. As you also have noticed as you build your models that we anticipate our second quarter tax rate to be consistent with the first quarter, and we look at it on a year-over-year basis, up by about 250 basis points versus 2010. And that's because we had a favorable one-time tax settlement in the second quarter of 2010. We expect EPS from continuing operations then to be between $0.58 and $0.61 a share.  We end with my views in operating margin for the second half, underscoring the point I made last call. I fully expect our operating margins in the back half of the year to improve nicely as we begin to benefit from investments in our strategic growth initiatives that we talked to you about including Technology and Analytical Services, Anakam, Brazil, the U.K. and some of the new mortgage products that we're building.  And additionally, by the way, I have a clear line of sight to that margin strengthening, I'd just like to see that in the back half of the year. It's not a hope or a prayer, it's a line of sight we have, it's very clear. In addition, we're going to carry a very strong revenue momentum in the second half of the year as many of our growth initiatives start to click.  So with that, I'd like to turn it over, operator, if you could, to our participants to answer any questions they might have.
Richard Smith: And let me add to that, this is Rick. We have 2 thoughts. If you think about the margin in USCIS. One, I mentioned that we made some nice investments in TALX. If you look at the core non-TALX element of USCIS, the core credit piece, they actually showed very nice year-on-year margin expansion. Secondly, when you look sequentially at USCIS, fourth quarter versus fourth quarter, and then you see a slight downtick. One thing you've got to make sure you remember is the IXI business is cyclical. And it tends to be back-end loaded with a big chunk of it coming in the second half of the year. As a result, we get a nice margin lift in the third and fourth quarter when you look at it sequentially, and you get a margin compression in the first quarter. So that's the noise going on there.
Richard Smith: Yes. It's absolutely, yes. And as I told all our participants on the February call, that it's my full expectation that we're in the 24% range as we exit the year.
Richard Smith: Well, the good news in there as you allude to and that is that the -- when we structured this team, whenever it was, maybe 18 months ago, 15 months ago, centered on large banks because large banks are going to be winners. And the great news is that strategy is paying off. We're growing at a faster rate in those large accounts. I'm confident, getting to the heart of your question, Andrew, that we can deliver accelerated growth because of that focus on the KCP accounts and still deliver at the segment level and the company level the kind of margins we've talked about.
Richard Smith: Yes, the nice things about the Work Number, we diversified the revenue stream to so many different verticals, government being one, collection is being another. We have good growth in the government. We expect that growth to continue. In fact, government was strong double-digit growth in the first quarter. Collections were strong. Pre-employment screening was strong. So it's not any one segment, and the whole goal is to continue to take the Work Number by the way in different verticals. I mentioned in my comments that one of our KCP banks has integrated the Work Number now into their decisioning platforms for home loan and cards. That's a huge win for us and big diversification. So I don't look at any one specific vertical and say, how is it going to drive our growth? There's a balanced portfolio in the Work Number and I feel good about that.
Richard Smith: Yes, the expectations would be some sometime in the back half of the year. We might see some revenue growth there.
Richard Smith: Yes. The fluctuation as you, as Trey and his team invest in advertising. But in aggregate, yes, you should be thinking it in the 20s.
Richard Smith: No, it is just that all the things that the teams have been building to execute their strategies over the past couple of years is really starting to click, and it's just my confidence in our ability to execute. Some exciting things that on the horizon, Carter, which we didn't have maybe 3 to 6 months ago, we talked about Keystone. Keystone now is live. We talked about NCTUE+ and building at that capability throughout 2010. That's now live. We talked about bringing the Work Number into large card portfolios. We've just had a number of really neat things that the team is executing on that gives me confidence, not only in the second quarter but at the back half of this year, will be good on a revenue perspective and a margin perspective.
Richard Smith: It's a kind of a give-to-get model. So it is close but we're working with the Board of the Exchange to look at areas we might be able to take that to outside of telecommunications, that in no way impedes or competes with the Telcos but adds value to other verticals. So it will be both.
Richard Smith: Well, it's going to be a core in the next -- if you're thinking USCIS, it's going to be the cornerstone of the NPI growth for USCIS for years to come.
Richard Smith: Well, stay tuned, because it comes out, I think, in May, what is it? It comes out next week. And it's really trying to take a crack at what the consumers' view of managing their credit, managing their identity and simplifying that. It's a cute ad. It's an impactful ad, and we're convinced it's going to hit the hearts and the heads of our consumers in a right way and help trigger more growth.
Richard Smith: I'm not sure if it's 4%, but I do expect, I expect us to continue to drive accelerated growth at the large banks. And so for a period of time, it is going to be some out of balance, which will be rate of revenue growth and the rate of volume growth. I'm not sure if it's 2%, 4%, but you'll see some pressure there continuing.
Richard Smith: I think if you think it through, the incremental margin is significant, and it's significant for a small account, it's significant for a large account.
Richard Smith: I don't have that off the top of my head. In general terms, David, the Brazilian business wasn't performing at the level of expectation I had for the past 18 months or so, on both the consumer side and the commercial side. So we hired a new leader, we invested significantly on getting back on the offense, on getting more SME clients. On the commercial side, as an example, getting more consumer data and all the metrics as I mentioned in my comments are heading in the right direction.
Richard Smith: Yes, I think we are. We're seeing the banks wanting to get back in the market and obviously start to grow. That's why you saw the pre-screen rise. Banks know that long term, they need to grow their portfolios now that they've got the underwriting under control. And as always, we hope that eventually will lead to an increase in the online over time as well, which we've yet to see.
Richard Smith: Yes, we're uniquely positioned in the mortgage market, as you're probably aware. We have a full suite of offerings, which puts us in good shape from the front end of verifying employment, verifying income, deploying a credit file, to doing ESS. So as a result of that, we will continue to, we expect to continue to outgrow the mortgage index as we have for a number of years.
Richard Smith: The focus really, Bill, is on the midsize acquisitions, and that pipeline is extremely strong. It's strong in all the business units around the world. It's probably as balanced and as deep, as far as list of opportunities, as we've had since I've been here. We'll always be thoughtful and strategic in that nature and acquire the ones that make the most sense.
Richard Smith: No, I can do the math on the mortgage in a second. But remember, what I just said to someone earlier is, the IXI business has a, it's back-end loaded. So they have a very strong fourth quarter compared to a much lower first quarter. That's normal in their cycle. So as I eyeball this very quickly, that's a big piece of it.
Richard Smith: Again, that's driven by a very strong fourth quarter in IXI in 2010 versus a slow first quarter, which is normal. The Mortgage business quarter-on-quarter sequentially is relatively flat.
Richard Smith: No, no. The assumption is that the second quarter index will look much like -- in the second quarter will look much like the first quarter did.
Richard Smith: Not that I can think of but if we do, it's synonymous. I can't think of any, they're a competitor right now.
Richard Smith: Your point is accurate that we are seeing accelerated growth. We've seen that now for a few quarters, which is great. It has to do with the all-new energized leadership team over there and a lot of new NPI.
Richard Smith: Yes, the outlook for the second quarter, really, that's why I mentioned for the year, is I expect continued strong growth in the core Work Number, the traditional instant verification Work Number that we have. And that we're going to spend time to diversify the direct 4506T product but with the other core Equifax products and take it to new verticals. So the Mortgage business has slowed dramatically and the Work Number has been able to offset that through diversification. 4506T was a one-trick pony. It's a great product, and I'm confident with bundling it and diversifying it we'll get that back to growth as well. So, long way of saying the mortgage headwind is squarely in the face of 4506T and far less so in the core Work Number.
Richard Smith: Yes, there is a little bit of a seasonal pattern to our corporate costs. As you noted, last year had the same very low first quarter and then higher in subsequent quarters. If I look at the sequential from Q -- the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter, one is equity compensation costs. We have 2 times during the year where we make equity grants, and there's a certain one-time hit from those equity grants for anyone who is retirement eligible. So you get a pop in expense in the quarters where we do equity grants. Those are the second and fourth quarters. So you have a couple of million dollar fall off there. We ended the year strong, which affected our management incentive expense in the fourth quarter and starting out the year at a more normalized level. Our professional fees are a little lower, just the timing of certain projects that we're undertaking. So there are a number of things like that, that caused there to be a fairly significant step down from Q4 to Q1 this year, just as we had last year. And the second quarter, we'll step back, step up just like last year did.
Richard Smith: I would say the first quarter tends to be light. The pattern for Q's 2, 3 and 4 is a little bit less predictable. But Q2 and 4 definitely have an added expense due to equity compensation.
Richard Smith: Yes, sure. A couple of points. One, just to clarify the margin. It's not committed that we will get the margins to 24% or higher in the back half of the year. So I just want to make that clarification. Number 2, we've talked about an environment of revenue growth of 6% to 8%. I'm still committed to that. And I also, in my commentary earlier said, we're going to carry good momentum going into the back half of the year on both margin and revenue. We don't give guidance that far out. But I think that gives you enough right there, 6% to 8% is kind of model that we see for the year on carrying strong momentum into the back half of the year.
Richard Smith: No, absolutely. To be very clear, the margin guidance I gave you was the entire company. First of all, it's 24%. Being specific to your question on USCIS, which is the cash cow for this company, I clearly expect accelerated and expanded margin growth in the second half of the year for USCIS as well.
Lee Adrean: We don't normally breakout margins to individual components like that. I think the acquisition amortization increase is a result of our Anakam acquisition. It is broken out in the 10-Q, which we'll publish later today. It's just a little bit over $1 million, if I recall, but by itself, it's about 0.5% margin impact.
Lee Adrean: No. The first quarter is typically our lowest cash flow quarter. As a result, we made a small pension contribution, we pay out annual incentives and a couple of other things that happen. So cash flow in the quarter tends to be the lowest of the year with the $30 million of acquisitions that we did in the quarter and the higher dividend. We actually net borrowed even without any share repurchase in the quarter, we still continue to have a strong level of capitalization. I think what you can expect in the next couple of quarters when the cash flow is traditionally stronger that unless we see appropriate acquisitions that utilize that, that we would be in the market buying stock.
Lee Adrean: George, one other thing to note on the Work Number is that we are still at a point where we are penetrating the market for employer records. Our active records on file were up almost 6% year-over-year. Our total records on file was up 10%. So, even if you see some ups and downs in individual segments, but even if the total were flat in terms of end-market demand, by increasing our record count, we can grow revenue. Then we find additional penetration opportunities, and that's the strength of the Work Number business model.
Lee Adrean: David, one thing I would add is if you go back over the last couple of years. In 2009, our average revenue per unit was actually up 5% or 6% for the year. In 2010, it was flat. And we've started this year down 4%. I think what you're seeing, to some degree, is fluctuation around a moderate long-term trend as this mix of our customers shifts as we go through the economic cycle. So to me, the 4% is no more, doesn't change my long-term view about very modest long-term rate of decline, than the 5% or 6% increase of 2009 changes, that point of view.
Lee Adrean: Certainly, the sales cost is probably slightly less. Although obviously, the large bank is more sophisticated. We have more expert resources, but we probably more than make up for that with scale, the scale of the relationship.
Lee Adrean: And, Bill, if I can add to that, one of the things in our U.S. mortgage reporting is the benefit of some of our new product innovation initiatives. Our capital markets offering was up nicely. Our undisclosed debt monitoring product, which is a new product, was up nicely. So our pure volumes weren't up as much as our revenue because we're seeing the benefits of expanding our service offering.
Lee Adrean: Shlomo, let me add on the tax side, Tax and Talent Management, that is a tough compare to last year. So we do expect upper single digits growth on the Work Number side of our TALX business but tax will probably be down in Q2. And that's the reason for flattish to very slight growth for TALX as a whole, is that really more the tough compare on the tax side.
Lee Adrean: Yes, I don't think there's anything truly systematic. It's obviously something we're watching closely. We actually saw some very strong collections at the beginning of April that if we kind of normalized is probably up 2.5 days rather than 4 days but still something that we're just staying very close to and engaging our sales teams with our larger clients and just making sure that we maintain the gains that we actually had during the very weak economy.
