Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Lee. Again, the third quarter performance, I think, is a great example of how our preparation for the ultimate mortgage headwinds enabled us to continue to deliver on our commitments we made to our shareholders. Team is very focused on execution. They have the energy and discipline to commitments to both customers and shareholders. The total mortgage market activity in the third quarter was what we'd anticipated and the fourth quarter mortgage market shaping up almost exactly as we had expected. I'll give you some framework for the full year in a second. In spite of mortgage headwinds, we expect total Equifax organic growth in the core non-mortgage market activities in the fourth quarter to again exceed the top end of our long end organic growth range, which was 6% to 8%. As a result, and assuming current exchange rates and the anticipated decline in mortgage, we anticipate revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of 7% to 8%, which is right in line with the full year growth, around the middle of the 10% to 12% annual range that we gave you during our second quarter conference call. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.89 and $0.92, which is again consistent with the full year adjusted EPS guidance we gave during our last release. The full year operating margin is expected to be at the top end of the 26%, 27% range, as incremental margins from our core non-mortgage initiatives effectively offset any impact in the decline in the mortgage-related revenue. Here's how I shape up the year, and I want to give you some framework for some points on how I think about the 2014 year. I'd say the first half of the year, the mortgage market was slightly stronger than anticipated. Second half of the year, the mortgage market was slightly weaker than expected. And the good news is our core organic non-growth initiatives accelerated throughout the year, enabling us to finish the year almost right on the original expectation. So I'd like to provide just a very high level framework for how I think about 2014, and I'm going to do that through 5 individual points that I might -- think may help you as you think about Equifax next year. Point #1, we exit 2013 with a broad-based execution from all business units. It's as broad based, as strong and consistent a performance as we've seen in quite some time from all the different BUs. Number 2, core organic non-mortgage market growth accelerated throughout the year, and that positions us well for 2014. I remain very comfortable in our ability to deliver that organic growth rate in a range of the model we've committed to you, 6% to 8%. Number 3, our M&A pipeline for small to midsized acquisitions is very strong and should add to both our topline and bottom-line performance next year. Number 4, we're anticipating an improving global economy in 2014. And we've talked a lot of the comments, including our own. And the assumption we're making is 2013 -- or '14 will, in fact, be modestly better than this year. And that should put us some winds at our back for the first time in some time. Number 5, mortgage early reads from Fannie and Freddie are calling for the market to be stronger in the second half than in the first half, also calling for the market to be off somewhere in the mid 20s, 23% to 24% or 25%. And that early read is a decline that is less than we initially anticipated as we looked at 2014. Again, we'll have greater clarity on those points and more when we get together for our earnings call for the fourth quarter. So with that, operator, I'd like to open it up to any questions our callers might have.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, David. What I was trying to say there is that we -- the team continues to accelerate the performance, execute at high levels. We're ending this year on a high note, with 2 quarters in a row beyond the high end of our 6% to 8% range. And that gives me confidence that we'll be in that range for next year of 6% to 8%, yes.
Richard F. Smith: David, you asked the question, too, about a couple of the verticals. One was auto, and I think maybe credit card and something else. But the auto market in USCIS continues to perform well, and part of it's the market itself. Part of it is, I think, we've discussed earlier this year, the creation of a new vertical focused on auto with a new team leader, new products and so on and so forth, new partners. That continues to perform well in USCIS. Number 2, 2 other markets that are performing well throughout the year, including third quarter, is the insurance vertical, which you know has been a focus for us for couple of years now, and third is retail revenue.
Richard F. Smith: No, it's really tied back to our strategy. It's not going to be anything where we'll catch anyone offguard. It's adding some capabilities we need. It's adding some additional footprint expansion that we need, some tuck-in on current capabilities, so it's pretty broad-based and consistent with our strategy. And in fact, as I look at it, David, every business unit has opportunities that we've identified. As you know, we just finished our 3-year strategic plan back in September. So the M&A pipeline seems right off of that, so it looks good.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, Andrew. Something we've been focused on now across the company, and the mortgage vertical is 1 benefactor of that, and that is finding ways to innovate at high rates, finding ways to bring new products to market at high rates, finding ways to bundle products together that no one else has, so we can get more spend in the marketplace, and trying to find ways to take share. So mortgage is a subset of that overall strategy. They performed well versus the banking index now for a number of years. So yes, I completely expect our performance to be above the market. So when the market's up, I expect it to grow at a faster rate than the mortgage market. And when it's down, I expect it to decline at a slower rate, so yes.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. If you're referring predominantly to the U.S., which it sounds like you are, we've got great competitors in the U.S. marketplace and good competitors around the world. We respect what D&B's doing, we respect what Experian is doing. But what we focus on here is our strategy, our NPI, our share gains. And in U.S., we were such a small player. The team is doing a good job of growing through NPI and through share gains. As I've said before multiple times, share gains, long term, is a tough proposition. What you're better off doing is finding ways to build products and solve problems that no one else can solve, so the spend goes up and you get that incremental spend. And that is definitely what our North America Commercial Solutions business is doing. Yes, because they're small, they're also gaining share.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I usually give you some details on the different verticals. I don't think I have that off my head today. But that's a huge part of Dann's -- if you think of The Work Number strategy, it centers on a couple of things. Number 1 is rapidly growing -- I mean 3 things, rapidly growing the database, which that team has done a marvelous job of doing, going from something like 180 million records to 230 million records. Number 2 is finding a way to get more value out of each record you have, which they've done. I mentioned that the value for records almost doubled what it was back in 2007. Number 3 then is -- to your point, is to deploy new resources and leverage -- redeploy those resources so that we would call enterprise selling to take the income employment verifications to markets we never thought about before, like government, insurance, auto and card. As I mentioned in my opening comments, that's really been a driver of Dann's growth outside the mortgage market. So as the mortgage market declines, he's getting great performance there. And we're at the early days of that performance in my view, too. I clearly see a path of 250 million records. I see more value in each record, and I see us selling more and more to non-mortgage markets. The last thing to talk about with EWS is they're getting great traction around an acquisition we had a couple of years ago called, eThority, which is bringing analytics to Dann's customer base that we never could do before. And that will be a stream of revenue growth going forward.
Richard F. Smith: Great, thank you. No, I still think our long-term financial model is largely going to be driven around organic growth initiatives. That is the things we know how to do. We do them very well. We've been at them now for 8 years, and it's lower risk. Having said that, we also have always talked about 1, 2 points, some years higher than that, some years a little less, coming from M&A. So over the long-term model, I think you should still think about us being in that range. It doesn't mean, to your second point, that we'll shy away from the large deals. We have done very well, to your point, with the TALX acquisition back in -- almost 7 years ago, and with CSC 9, 10 months ago. But those are naturally -- obviously, have higher risk and higher price tags. So we always keep an eye on those from time to time. What I do is I'm a firm believer that those have got to be paced at a very slow rate, so you can fully digest, integrate and succeed with the large acquisitions, where you have the ability to maybe have a little faster cadence with the smaller to mid-sized deals.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I'd say, strategically, the philosophy that Lee and I have of using our cash first for organic growth initiatives remains, two is we remain committed to our dividend policy that we implemented a couple of years ago. Third, as I just mentioned to you, Manav, M&A will be an important part of our long-term growth strategy. And we remain committed to buying back shares, and it will ebb and flow. As you said, we've delevered from over 2x EBITDA in the first quarter to around 1.6x. We'll look at what comes up on the M&A side and balance that off with share repurchases.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, and that's a great question. We will plan for a very -- financially plan for a very modest amount of revenue at this time because of all the issues they're having. I remain very, very hopeful that this thing will, in fact, materialize at a level that makes a material impact to us, be it the $65 million range that you just calculated yourself, Paul, or something around that. We'll know a lot more, as I said when we were on the call together back in the second quarter, come February. I'm hopeful the budgets the administration is working through now are largely ironed out. The math is straightforward math. And sometime we can all walk through that, but how you get that $65 million is pretty straightforward math. It's just a matter of them getting the system up and running. So as I mentioned earlier, we have contemplated very little revenues this year. At this juncture, I think it's prudent for us to assume modest revenues next year. And if things are up and running and humming come February, we'll have 4, 5 months of experience under our belts. And we'll have much better transparency to what that might look like in 2014.
Richard F. Smith: It's a good question, Paul. It's so small. It was just not on E-Verify and I-9, there was obviously the mortgage market. You pull a 4506-T if you can't find an instant verification on The Work Number. That slowed down. It's hard to discern specifically and quantify how much of that was a drag versus some of your catch-up in the following weeks, but there's no doubt we did feel some slowdown in EWS as a result of the government shutdown. But I would not categorize it as being dramatic.
Richard F. Smith: It is awfully greedy, Jeff, thank you. Thank you for the backhanded compliments, too, I appreciate that. I'd say when we framed up the long-term financial model, it was contemplating multiple cycles. Some cycles, when you have a downturn in the economy, other cycles, when you have an upturn. Obviously, when you have an upturn in the economy, you should expect to be at the upper end of that range. And when you have a downturn, maybe at the lower end of that range. So the view is that is a sustainable model for you to think about Equifax long term. Secondly, there's a lot of thought that went into this 6% to 8%. It's just not a number we pull out of the hat. It is taking a look at things we're doing around NPI. What's our success rate, how many products do we launch every year, what's the time to revenue from your launch, what's the success rate of the launch, bundling, segmentation, strategic pricing. This is a very systematic model that we build across multiple initiatives, across every BU in every country, that gets to that 6% to 8% range. And we feel that's a pretty good range.
Richard F. Smith: Jeff, here's how Lee and I think about margins. We gave you a framework of trying to deliver 25 basis points of margin improvement every year. And then this year, we gave you a range, I think it was 26% to 27%. And we delivered or delivering at the very high end of that range. So I still think over -- I think of 27%-ish as being a good foundation for us. And then over multiple years, getting back to the 25-basis-points improvement year in, year out.
Richard F. Smith: Again, I'd say it's nothing -- no 1 single -- single silver bullet, it comes down to multiple things. It is new products. It is bundling of existing products with new products to get more share of wallet and share gain. It is strategic pricing initiatives. And the combination of all 3 or 4 of those things has continued to pay dividends for us.
Richard F. Smith: No, I'd say the USCIS Mortgage Solutions business has had a longer period of time to build new products to allow them to offset the decline in mortgage. Dann has been at this diversification into -- someone else asked a second ago -- auto insurance, government, collections, card. And Dann's been out there may be 2.5 years or so, and he's just building that momentum now. So they're doing a great job. I don't ever want to underestimate that, but he is newer to the game at diversifying the revenue streams, building out the analytics capability, which is what gives me so much confidence that as time goes on, our ability to continue to grow regardless of mortgage cycles is enhanced. The longer we get Dann's team at this diversification model, the better off we're going to be.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, we continue to look that. We're bringing consultants in. We looked at M&A opportunities. There may be opportunities. It's not glaring to me, Shlomo, right now on what those opportunities are. I think our plate is so full. If we can execute the CMS contract fully, and when I say fully, it is not just the sort of bite of the apple, which is the contract that's been alluded to now for a few quarters, but it's the follow-on effects that CMS will be looking for. It is then going to IRS and other arms of the government who need verification --- actual instant verification of income and employment for many, many social services that are offered. I think if we focus our efforts there on providing unique value, we -- you, our investors, and our customers, and ourselves will be nicely rewarded.
Richard F. Smith: That was the multiple bite to the apple I was referring to. I think, first and foremost, [indiscernible] CMS is so alone[ph] getting the system stood up and the contractors ready. All of their energy is there, but we have made the offer. We do multiple things, so they're very interested. We're one of the few vendors who actually stood up our capabilities on time, on budget, so on and so forth, so we've got enormous credibility with them right now. We stand ready to do more as soon as they're ready.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, yes. I think, Matt, you're seeing that the banks get a little more aggressive, especially in the auto market. They're being aggressive. It's not anywhere close to what the credit quality may have been back in 2005, '06, '07. But yes, the banks are being a little more aggressive.
Richard F. Smith: I think it's a correlation to what Lee just said. The fact that we're growing, we work very closely with our customers. And it wasn't regulatory, it was uncertainty around regulation that drove some concern. And working very closely with the customers, understanding their interpretation of the concern and then modifying our product offering accordingly, while still adding value, has enabled us to return to growth.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, that is fun. CFPB, we continue to stay very close to them. There's no real changes since the last time we discussed. They continue to visit. But as far as impact to the business, expense to the business, impact on product offerings, it remains as we've discussed before. Very manageable at this point in time.
Richard F. Smith: No, that's a great, great question, Andrew. We would -- always thought that operating margin -- Lee and I do, obviously, routinely look at cash margin and EBITDA margin, how that performs versus operating margin. So you don't become complacent with operating margin growth because of the amortization. So we do look at it. We thought about do we start using that metric is a means of communicating to our investors and the sell side guys. And we'll kick that around. We may, in fact, do that.
Richard F. Smith: And Andrew, here's what we could do. Let me now kick this around. If we think there's merit in discussing it, we can come back at the February earnings call.
Richard F. Smith: No, that's right. No, it was -- as I mentioned in my early comments, which you unfortunately couldn't hear, it was really broad-based. It was all 5 BUs -- 6 BUs. It was all countries and it's driven by the same things that you've seen us talk about, which is new products, bundling of products, segmentation, pricing, all the things we've been doing now for 8 years really starting to jump.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. From a market perspective, and you and I were together recently, it continues to perform extremely well. We are in a very good #1 position in the marketplace. We are adding contributors of data at records paces. We were adding users of data at record paces. We're growing top line, bottom line. We're innovating. We're leveraging now more fully. We'll do so even more next year. All the capabilities we have in our International arena for Paulino Barros to bring more products and platforms to Russia. And we're diligently working with our partners there to see if there's a path for us to take a bigger role and consolidate Russia. We like the business, and the team has done a heck of a job over the last 5 or 6 years at running it.
Richard F. Smith: So it would be us -- it's just the government [indiscernible] partners is what we're talking about here Andrew.
Lee Adrean: Well that's -- yes, when we talk about USCIS, we are typically focused on our online business, where we have a relatively homogeneous source of revenue, it being predominantly credit reporting. The down 2%, by the way, compares -- is about the same as the last quarter, which was also down 2%. And the revenue performance with mortgage volume falling off, which tends to be attractively priced, the improvement in revenue per transaction was only -- was plus 1%. It had been running at higher levels due to the mortgage mix in prior quarters.
Lee Adrean: The majority came from the reduced acquisition amortization, and that's at the full rate that we're going to see for the next couple of years now. So you won't see any further change in the effective acquisition amortization. On top of that, obviously, operating efficiencies were an addition to that, and also by the way, helped offset with mortgage volume declining, total Workforce Solutions volume flat. That naturally, if anything, would have created a little bit of drag on margins and we were able to offset that.
Lee Adrean: The incremental margin, it's a mix of some very high margin business, additional credit reports, additional instant verifications, along with some services that have higher pass-through costs. When you put those 2 together incrementally, we're probably looking at incremental margins that are in the 40% to 50% range. So with mortgage dropping, we've got to work extra hard to try to offset that from a margin perspective.
Lee Adrean: Yes. Of course, the accretion on margin from CSC will maintain itself. It doesn't expand again, but it will -- that will maintain itself. The mortgage pressures, we will be working to offset that through growing some of our other lines of business. And then continuing -- we had a continuing lien effort across the company to drive efficiencies year in, year out, and that also gives us some benefit. So as I said, next year's margins may more likely be flattish to this year's rather than typical, but of course, that's following a year where we had great expansion. But we do think there are enough levers that we can likely offset the pressure we'll see on mortgage, particularly in the first half of the year, where we're going to be facing the most challenging comparables on mortgage in 2014.
Lee Adrean: Matt, to your question of being a little cautious about what the bank behavior might be, while we do see them getting to subprime, it's interesting because is that it is very careful, very structured. It's the upper tiers of sub prime. We're not seeing the indiscriminate behavior of 2005, '06 and '07. So we think it appears healthy from everything we can observe, both on the tiers they're getting into, as well as the early-stage delinquency remaining well under control. So it is -- from what we can see, it's being done prudently, but it is happening.
Lee Adrean: The biggest driver in that is we've talked some in the past about our IXI business having some downdraft as certain uses of the product were cut back on. We're now seeing IXI return to growth. So by comparison, that's where the acceleration is. The underlying traditional credit marketing is running kind of comparable to the last couple of quarters, and it's really the acceleration back to growth of IXI.
Lee Adrean: No, I'm not sure that's right. I'm not sure. At least at the moment, I don't think there's a lot of difference in the acquisition amortization this year and next year, maybe just a slight amount just because revenue's growing, but ...
