Mark Begor: Yes. So it's a great question, Manav. As you know, we're investing heavily in the non -- one of our priorities is to invest heavily in workforce broadly because it's our fastest growing business. And -- as you pointed out, the non-mortgage businesses and workforce are really outperforming the underlying market and delivering substantial growth. And I'll touch on talent first, as you pointed out, a big TAM of $5 billion and our play there is to help digitize the background screeners using our data as we continue to expand our historical data, we can deliver real solutions there. And we haven't seen any impact from the hiring market. As you know, unemployment is still very low. There's still more jobs open. And there are people looking for them. And even in -- if that starts to slow down in the future, there's just so much penetration opportunity for us to really work to help digitize the background screening environment, both with our core work history. As you know, we have $570 million total record. So we have a digital resume on the average American worker that totals five jobs for each individual. So there's just a lot of data and growth opportunity there. And then we're also, as you know, adding data assets to go beyond just that work history and talent, whether it's education, medical credentialing data that we acquired with APRs Insights, of course, the incarceration data that's used in virtually every background screen. And we have a stated strategy to look for more partnerships or M&A to really strengthen the Talent hub. So I don't expect them to grow at the rate they have been over the last couple of years, which is very, very strong. But certainly, there will be a big growth driver going forward with double-digit growth in the future. Government, as you know, is another big non-mortgage vertical for Workforce Solutions. That's around social services, the $2 billion -- or a few trillion dollar government TAM is a big one. We have a lot of penetration opportunities there. Social services are only expanding. And it's really the same thing. We're able to deliver an instant decision to that government agency, either the federal, state or local level. And we're just seeing a lot of traction. They have the same labor issues, meaning they're looking for productivity in the centers where people come in to apply for social services. And we can deliver productivity with the instant decisioning. And of course, it also delivers that social service to that individual very quickly. And same thing the ability now to not only have that income and employment information that's used in really every social service is needs or income-based. But also adding to the incarceration data that we have. It's used in virtually all social service processes. Beyond talent and government, just touching quickly on kind of non-mortgage financial services, those are newer verticals for workforce with the data, whether it's in the card space where we're starting to get penetration to have the income and employment data, supplement the credit data in a card origination. Of course, auto, we've seen nice growth in sub-prime and moving into near prime and of course, it's used in P loans. And then just jumping outside of verifications and new employer services, as you know, we've been making acquisitions. We've done five acquisitions in the employer services space in the last two years to really build out the capabilities in those regulatory compliance services, whether it's unemployment claims, work opportunity tax credit, ACA or health care. And of course, in the work opportunity tax credit and I-9 benefits like LawLogix that we announced this morning, that's a space that has a big $5 billion, $6 billion TAM in a more challenging economic environment. We expect more outsourcing by HR managers of those activities that we can perform more efficiently. So we see growth opportunities for that business, which is why we're investing in technology and the bolt-on M&A like a LawLogix. And of course, as you know, as we expand our capabilities and reach there with individual companies, we get more records. And of course, underlying the growth of workforce and, of course, non-mortgage is record growth, which was up a strong 22% in the quarter, and we still have a long runway to essentially double the size of our database when you include gig and pension income recipients. So there's a lot of opportunity there. So, lots of levers for non-mortgage in Workforce Solutions.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think as you know, we've tried to be very disciplined about our approach to M&A. We're very -- I use the term bolt-on. You can describe how big bolt-on is. Obviously, Appriss was a larger acquisition, Kount was a larger acquisition last year. But we see a lot of opportunity to deliver very high return bolt-on M&A that are highly accretive to our cost of capital. So it's you start with our kind of capital allocation, we see big opportunities to invest in the core of Equifax and we're doing that. And that's really through our cloud transformation, which we're in the final innings of completing. That was a big project and a big focus of Equifax. That will start tailing off our investment in that over the coming year or so as we complete the cloud. New products, we get very high return on. And then when you get into inorganic, we see an opportunity to continue to do bolt-on M&A that adds very positively, and we are very disciplined financially and looking for businesses that are growing faster than Equifax on the top line that are accretive to our margins and obviously deliver high returns. So those are the kind of M&A that we're doing and we've got a pipeline going forward of deals that we continue to look at that will really add value in the three areas that I talked about during my prepared comments of strengthening workforce, adding differentiated data and strengthening identity and fraud. And as you know, as we go into 2023, 2024, 2025, with our margin expansion accelerating in that 500 basis points to 39% in 2025, our free cash flow accelerates dramatically in the coming 12, 24, 36 months. And we'll continue to run the play of bolt-on M&A where it's appropriate, we'll look for acquisitions that might be at the larger end of bolt-on like an Appriss. But we'll be at a point in the near future where we're going to want to return cash to shareholders. And we've been very clear that when that time comes, that will be a part of our capital allocation strategy as our free cash flow accelerates as we get into 2023, 2024, 2025
Mark Begor: Yes, I think bottoming is probably in the second half based on our forecast, Kevin, as you know. But it's very hard to really predict what's going to happen with the economy given the inflation rates that we haven't seen and really our lifetimes and what the Fed is going to do to respond to it. Yes, I would make a couple of comments on mortgage, which you know. Look, the mortgage market doesn't disappear, right? There's a core mortgage market that in any economic environment stays there, meaning people move and buy houses. People upgrade and buy houses on the purchase market. And as you know, there's more people still looking for houses in the United States today than there are houses. So there's still quite a bit of demand on the purchase side. So we expect there to be -- is there is any economic environment, a continued purchase market, and John gave some views about how we think about that in the second half. As you point out on the refi side, the interest rate refis are going to be lower or less of those in the second half given where interest rates are because there aren't many opportunities for homeowners to do an interest rate refi but there's a ton of untapped equity in homes in the United States. Over the past 24-plus months, home price appreciation is up almost 30%. And there's about $27 trillion of untapped home equity. And we've seen in economic environments in the past, that homeowners will tap into that equity. If you think about a 5.5% fixed rate mortgage in order to refi into that to access your home equity, which consumers are doing or homeowners are doing. We expect that to continue. And if you think about 5.5% interest rate on fixed rate mortgage, that's a heck of a lot less than an auto loan, a student loan or a credit card. And that's what you'll see consumers do. So it'll be a level cash-out refis going forward. And I know you get that. I think the challenging part is what's going to happen, how far is the Fed going to have to go to slow down inflation with it at 9.1%. So that's a harder part for us to forecast. We did talk about in our prepared comments that we remain confident in, obviously, the long-term future of Equifax. Our goal of $7 billion by 2025 hasn't changed our goal to expand our margins to 39% by 2025 hasn't changed. And we're still investing in the future of Equifax. As we speak, we're making investments that will benefit 2023, 2024, 2025 based on our strong performance, particularly in non-mortgage, which is exceptionally strong.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's certainly, I think, as you know, we raised our non-mortgage or core guidance twice this year, one in February and once in April, that gives us confidence. It should give you confidence. And if you look at our non-mortgage performance and our core growth performance, which includes how we're performing beyond the mortgage market, those are strong numbers. And those give us confidence in our ability. And then if you add to it, during that 2023 to 2024 time frame. In the next 12 months, we're going to be completing substantially the U.S. cloud migration, so we'll be cloud native, and we can take full advantage of that. We'll finish international as we get through 2023 and into 2024. That's another lift for Workforce Solutions. The other thing that should give you confidence and gives us confidence is the M&A that we've done over the last 18 months. We've done 11 acquisitions now with LawLogix. Those are in our run rate revenue or will be. And, of course, the synergies from those acquisitions that we had in our acquisition cases really kick in, in 2023, 2024, 2025, as they really get integrated into our businesses. And then the last point I'd make that gives us confidence is NPIs. The Vitality index that we're delivering, as you know, our long-term frame on Vitality is10, we were 13% in the quarter, we're expecting to be north of 11% for the year. Those are big numbers when you talk about having $550 million of revenue in 2022 from new products. And remember, new products we introduced in 2022 really benefit 2023, 2024, 2025. They mature as we get into those years. So there's a lot of levers that give us confidence around the future of Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes. So we've talked about -- we're obviously doing some work to get some new products positioned in the second half of this year to bring the FMS portfolio review business back into a different position. That's clearly a place that we're investing in. I think part of your question was also around broader identity and fraud, which is a different business for us. That's really under the account business, which we're very pleased with. That's a business that performed exceptionally well in the quarter and the half. We see big potential in just a massive TAM around the broader identity in fraud. And of course, as you know, we bought count 18 months ago, and we're still integrating that inside of Equifax and rolling out new solutions. And that's an area that we're investing in new products for both the e-commerce space, but also for our traditional financial customers, and also looking for inorganic or M&A to continue to expand. That's one of our three priorities around M&A is to grow in identity and fraud. And in B2B offline specifically kind of the fraud header business I think some of the real opportunities we have as we get into 2023 is heavily around data fabric, right? As we're able to more aggressively integrate different data assets. Again, it will differentiate our information or header information that we sell into those markets, and we think we have the opportunity to reaccelerate that growth again. But that will happen as Data Fabric completes for USIS.
Mark Begor: Yes. As you know, these are -- I still call the newer verticals for us in Workforce Solutions, both talent and government. They're big TAMs. Talent is a $5 billion data TAM for us. Government is about $2 billion. We've got big teams in Workforce Solutions focused on that. As we've made -- as you know, some M&A additions to strengthen our capabilities there. We want to do more. That's an area where we want to expand either M&A or partnerships, M&A being like Appriss Insights. Where we got the incarceration and medical credentialing data that's really helping us in both government and talent. The partnership we have with Nestor doing Clearinghouse, where we're bringing education data and we'd like you to do more partnerships or more M&A there. The other really lever for us in talent and government is new products is really bringing new solutions together, combining data elements we have in Workforce. And of course, at the heart of our growth in both of those verticals is our twin data set. Both our 144 million active records or 110 million active individuals in our data set, which is a huge coverage now. And as you know, when we add records, our hit rates go up because remember, in our system-to-system integrations whether it's talent or government or other verticals, they're hitting our database for every applicant or individual that they're trying to process, whether it's a mortgage or a background screen or a social service like rent support or unemployment claims, as we grow our records, that grows the business. And then leveraging our historical data, we just got so much historical data of the 570 million total records which equates to about five and a half jobs for the average American. That's a very valuable instant decisioning data set for the talent space. So, a combination of new products, continuing to grow out our twin record database and continuing to do M&A and having our dedicated teams of growing customers. There's still a lot of customers that don't use our data in government social services and in talent, so that's another opportunity. So, we're pretty energized about the growth potentials in those two verticals.
Mark Begor: Yes. It's obviously a positive for us. That business is a lot bigger today than it was in 2008, 2009, obviously, we've got a lot more scale. We're expanding the business with a lot of the investments in people and technology and capabilities as well as the M&A that we've done. So, it will clearly be a tailwind. Obviously, it's a headwind right now coming off 2020 and 2021 when there was a lot of furloughs and layoffs during the COVID environment. I know, John, would you size it in any way.
Mark Begor: And that's just one of -- as you know, that's one of many kind of countercyclical businesses. Another -- if you're focused on countercyclical, the other one is inside of our credit business, while prescreens will go down, account management and portfolio management activity goes up in an economic event. Now, we're not seeing that today, because it's -- there isn’t really an economic event yet, but that's a countercyclical element for our core credit businesses. And, of course, we got all kinds of levers in Workforce Solutions. We're going to keep adding records whether the economy is up down or sideways.
Mark Begor: Yes. So, bunch of layers of questions in there. First, I think as you point out, it's a really attractive lever for growth and unique through this business, right? No other beta business that I know of has the ability to add records the way Workforce has been able to do. And, of course, it translates into revenue day one, quarter one, week one, the minute we add them, because remember, we're -- as we're integrated or even through web access, customers are coming to our data set, looking for all of their applicants. And as we grow our hit rates, it really drives the revenue. And revenue -- the records were up 22% in the quarter. We've had very strong double-digit growth for the last three years of growing the data set. And now have 144 million actives and 110 million uniques, which is really powerful in the scale of the data set. Not only is it driving revenue, but it also drives usage, meaning it's a data set that's more valuable. And remember, you think about it, our customers want 100% coverage, because the consumers that they can't identify in our data set, they got to go somewhere else to do a manual verification or do something else that slows down their process. So as we add records to our data set, we become more valuable to them. So, as you know, 50% of our records come from partnerships, 50% come from direct relationships that we have through our employer services business, and we want to grow both. On Employer Services, as you know, we've been making acquisitions. We've done five acquisitions in the last two years to strengthen our capabilities in Employer Services, whether it's in I-9, unemployment claims, work opportunity tax credit. And that's a kind of a $6 billion TAM, and we've got a $400 million-plus business. And the power of that is, not only we're growing our -- the outsourcing there. But when we get the contracts for I-9 or unemployment claims or work opportunity tax credits, we also got records. So growing record there is a big lever. The other 50% come from partnerships, so payroll processors. And what I'm referring to is really mostly W-2 or non-farm payroll income, which is the 160 million individuals in the United States versus the 110 million we have today. The newer markets for us are gig, which is $30 million to $40 million and pensioners, which is another $20 million to $30 million. So, if you think about the $110 million, there's about 220 million Americans that have some form of income. That's what we want to grow the database to, and that's going to take time.  If you think about going from $110 million to $220 million, that may take a decade, but there's such a runway for growth. And we now have dedicated teams on the pension side. And we expect the onboarding records, obviously, from -- those aren't typically with payroll processors, there are other entities that are processing those, whether it's a benefits administrator or individual companies. And then the gig records, those are all records we want to add as we go forward.  I think your last question was around our partnership. The last part of your question was around your -- question was around our partnerships and exclusivity. As I said, the vast majority of our partnerships are exclusive. All the relationships we signed in the last four-plus years have been exclusive and all the relationships we intend to sign going forward as well as extend it's our intention for them to be exclusive. We think that's good for us and good for our partners going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes. And to be clear, we're not. The U.S. consumer from our perspective is strong. I think you've heard it from the banks over the last week or so, as they talk about their performance. There's no sign. It really goes -- it starts with employment. People are working and there's two open jobs for every person looking for a job, which we've never seen in -- really our environment. You've seen strong wage growth, which is a positive, but it starts with people are working, that's a big deal. There's still a lot of stimulus around, meaning consumers are still spending some of the stimulus they saved over the COVID environment, but there's still access to a lot of stimulus or social services support in the United States, which is benefiting consumers. So, that's a positive. Obviously, inflation is having an impact on confidence having an impact on some spending and having an impact in some of the lower subprime or lower income consumers is having a bigger impact there. But kind of broadly, we don't see the consumer weakening in the second half. We haven't seen our customers thinking about it that way. There obviously -- everyone is watching, but you haven't really seen a change in delinquencies, like card delinquencies are lower than they were in 2019. There's a little uptick in subprime, auto delinquencies, but the consumer is strong and it starts with their working and then add to it, those that are homeowners have a bunch of equity in their home, plus 20%, 25%, 30% versus a couple of years ago, it's untapped. So, those are all equations that are quite positive around the consumer, which is going to make in my view, taming inflation quite challenging because consumers are still out there spending. You've seen the banks kind of credit card spends are up strong double-digits. Consumers are traveling. They're still spending, maybe not a big ticket transactions, but they're still pretty strong and we haven't seen any signs of a changing.
Mark Begor: Well, credit scores were up 15 to 20 points since 2019 still. So a lot of factors supporting the consumer.
Mark Begor: No, it's very similar. And we could spend hours talking about all the things we're working on. And obviously, expanding workforce internationally is one of the initiatives that Rudy and his team has. As you know, we're in four markets now. We added U.K. in the first quarter. We paused during our cloud transformation to go in other markets we're in Australia, Canada U.K. and India. We paused a couple of years ago when we were doing the cloud transformation, but now that we have a tech stack that we've invested a couple of hundred million dollars in, it makes it easy to enter new markets from a technical standpoint. So that's an approach that we have and why we kind of made our first move into the U.K. following our cloud transformation at Workforce Solutions. The market dynamics are very similar. Mortgage is a place where you want to use it, and you think about the markets we're in, they have mortgage markets, consumer mortgage markets. So, that would be a priority for us when we think about future markets -- and then the talent side is another one, using the data for the hiring process is similar. And as you point out, we have some levers with our current multinationals in the U.S. where we're collecting their records from them directly or through partnerships. But the direct relationships, they want us to do income and employment verification for them in other markets. So that's a positive. And then as you also point out, the payroll processors we do business with today in the U.S., many of them are global, so they want to do this have the same relationship outside the United States. And then in individual markets, there's payroll processors or HR software companies that are unique to so many markets, and we're developing partnerships with them. So it's clearly a part of our strategy. We've got a lot of needle movers in Workforce Solutions between now and 2025. This will be one of the smaller ones, but it's one that we're investing in. I think you'll see more traction out of it, perhaps in 2024, 2025, 2026 than you will see in 2023, 2024, but as you would expect us to do, we're investing in it. And we think we've got a franchise that obviously is -- has a strong market position here in the states, and it's one that we want to take global and take advantage of it because there really aren't other players like workforce outside the United States.
Mark Begor: No, we're not. And remember, when you think about our business, is obviously different than the background screening industry because we're so new in kind of dealing with the industry. We have so much penetration opportunity. It's our view that even if the market slows, our ability to digitize and help background screeners digitize their businesses will mitigate if you will, or offset some of that is an add to new products that we'll be rolling out for the background screeners that include other data elements. So when an economic event happens, and there is some slowdown there, we think we'll be able to offset that with some of the new products as well as penetration because we're fairly new. Remember the TAM for that the talent and background screeners is about 4 billion.  And our business is a couple of $100 million. So we've got the opportunity to continue to grow into the data elements of that even in an economic event.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think we've been pretty clear. We think it will do pretty well. As we pointed out in the comments and in prior calls, you go back to 2008, 2009, which was a pretty brutal economic event, the toughest, I think we've seen in our lifetimes. It grew through that whole period. I think in 2008, it grew 17% or something like that. And now it's got more levers. Remember, back then, it was mostly a mortgage business. And now it's highly diversified in other verticals, government, talent, it's employer services business and then non-mortgage verticals inside of financial services. And the ability to add records is one of many levers that the business has that we think is what makes Equifax so different today versus our last economic event, if you want to call, 2008, 2009. Our ability to grow is significantly enhanced by workforce being such a big part of Equifax and having so many different levers that are either unaffected by a recession or allow them to actually benefit from a recession like the unemployment claims business.
Mark Begor: Yes. So, first on the direct records that we have. Remember, it's the core of Workforce Solutions is what we call our Employer Services or Employer Solutions business. And that's where we deliver regulatory and compliance services to companies through their HR managers, and that's where they outsource these activities to Equifax. And that's about a $6 billion TAM. We have about a $400 million business there. And where we deliver those services like unemployment claims management for a company, we do the processing for them. I-9 verification in the onboarding side, work opportunity tax credit, employee retention tax credit. We do W-2 management for employees, meaning if someone needs a W-2, we will deliver it for them. So all those services that are outsourced by an HR manager is what we do as a business. And as you know, as I pointed out earlier, we've invested heavily in our cloud transformation to make those services and capabilities more efficient, more effective and just a better service for the HR manager. So the play there is to continue through our commercial coverage is to drive more outsourcing of those activities to Equifax. And for example, like in unemployment claims, we process either one in four or one in five unemployment claims in the United States that are done by third parties, meaning not individual companies. Most companies still do it today. So we have real scale in these businesses. And then as a part of that commercial relationship where we're delivering these regulatory services to the HR manager in a company, we also do income and employment verification for free. And they will deliver their payroll records to us. But then of course, we monetize. In return, we'll do income and employment verification securely. We'll do it with a high degree of privacy. And it allows the HR manager to outsource that activity to us, because if we're not doing it for them, they have a call center inside of their HR shop where they're doing it. And they are fielding calls from mortgage originators, auto lenders, background screeners, government agencies to verify income and employment on their employees. So we do that all for free. So, a very powerful value prop that we have for the HR manager, which is why we've developed a bunch of relationships. And that's why we're also expanding through M&A. And like LawLogix, a company that we announced this morning that we're acquiring strengthens us in the I-9 verification space and delivers records. So, those are the five or six acquisitions we've done in the last 24 months to strengthen our employer services business. It's really at the at the core of who Workforce Solutions is. So we want to continue to invest in technology and capabilities and bolt-on M&A to strengthen that because not only do we have a very attractive business growing in that $6 billion TAM, it also delivers records we can monetize very effectively. The second half of your question was around our historical records you're right on. It's a very big part of our business model. A lot of our verifications are around where does Mark work today, how much do you make today. But a lot of the verifications that one that needed and want to have historical data in order to complete the process and as you point out, we keep every record every week, every pay period. And we're now up to $570 million records, which as I mentioned earlier, equates to about 5.5 jobs from a job history status on the average American. In my case, it would be my Equifax records by Warbringers records and my GE records. So we have those historical records, and they are incredibly valuable. And it's a big part of the competitive position or moat, we have around the business is those historical records are a big part of that because the only way you can develop those is over time. And of course, we've been at this for a decade of building out the data set and maintaining all those records.
Mark Begor: Well, as John pointed out, we can hit it again, is that in the mortgage application process, there's a difference in this market than there is in a normal market. John pointed out that there's more consumers or homeowners that are -- when they're doing a home purchase that are doing shopping for rates. And generally, when a consumer does rate shopping, a credit file will be pulled by the mortgage originator and make sure that consumer can qualify for the mortgage that they're re-shopping on, and then they'll deliver some kind of a response around what rate they can deliver. And the consumer will hit a bunch of mortgage companies in this higher rate environment in order to check rates. And that results in credit holes, which is good for USIS and part of their outperformance, if you will, of the number of poles that they have. Conversely in workforce when you're rate shopping, they don't pull income and employment until further into the application process. It might be when an application is actually filed versus rate shopping. And of course, it's always pulled during the closing of the application. I think John was pointing out a change from a more normal mortgage environment because of rate shopping benefits the credit file and somewhat doesn't benefit the income and employment data. Now of course, Workforce Solutions has all the levers to perform the mortgage market, it starts with as we add more records, we have higher hit rates. So they get more revenue as they add records and records are up 22%. So that's a benefit for them. In any mortgage environment that's still benefiting them today. New products are benefiting them, fuel prices. We did a price increase in January. So that's benefiting their business penetration is still a benefit. Remember, they're only seeing what now, 65% of mortgages, a little over 60% a little over 60% of mortgages. So as they get out there and remember the credit file is used in virtually every mortgage, because it's been around for 50, 60, 70 years, so the ability to drive commercially into those mortgage originators that are not using in our income and employment data from Workforce Solutions. And then as we point out, system-to-system integrations, which have grown dramatically, but there's still a lot of web access. And we know that with web access, we don't get every application from mortgage originators. They're doing manual verification. So you've got multiple levers for workforce to continue to outperform the mortgage market, be it at a bit lower level than in a normal environment.
Mark Begor: Yes. Any change in revenue is high incremental margin up or down? And I think as we pointed out earlier, we've opted to continue to invest in the second half for the future of Equifax. So meaning, as our mortgage revenue came down, we're not taking costs out. We're focusing on redeploying some costs or still continuing to invest going forward. I don't know, John, would you add to that? We see very high variable margins on the upside and the downside. They aren't necessarily always exactly the same for the reasons that Mark indicated, but the variable margins on our revenues are certainly quite high.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question. We certainly think about it, Heather, but we think the timing is not right for us to do that. As you know, we announced this morning another bolt-on acquisition, which we think will benefit Equifax quite strongly going forward. And we're still digesting some of the M&A we did in 2021. So, it's certainly on our mind when the time is right to return cash to shareholders, both through restarting our dividend and doing a buyback, we don't think the time is right today. But it's coming. As we look to 2023, 2024, 2025 with our margins expanding and our free cash flow expanding, we clearly believe we have ample resources to invest in that bolt-on M&A, but also have excess cash in the future to return to shareholders, and we'll do that at the right time.
Mark Begor: Yes, I'm not sure when I said that or John said that, Jeff, that we didn't intend to say that. So when we think about our view of Equifax today versus the last recession, we think we're much better positioned. It starts with Workforce being so much larger than it was before. And kind of broadly in Workforce as we point out in 2008, 2009, it grew 17% when Equifax was down 6% and it was a very small business in the scheme of Equifax, and it's got more levers today. So we think workforce is positioned to grow in a recession because of all those levers. So we're very clear on that. And with that being approaching 50% of Equifax, that's a big factor. We talked about identity and fraud being kind of a business that we expect to grow through a recession just because of the digital macro is benefiting there. There's a couple of businesses that are quite uniquely positive in a recession like our unemployment claims business, which is part of workforce. So those are kind of 60% of Equifax. And then the 40% as kind of the rest, which is our credit business is primarily international and USIS. And those are generally impacted negatively by a recession. Inside of that negative impact, I think I tried to say that the negative of prescreens and volume coming down and originations coming down is dampened somewhat not offset, but dampened somewhat by account management increasing by credit line actions and line management actions increasing. So there's more volume there. But we would expect those to have some pressure. Now you also got to think about the timing of the recession, as you point out, which is different in Equifax today than 2008, 2009, if you think a recession is going to be in 2023, for example, we've got unique levers we didn't have in 2008, 2009. We're in the throes of completing our cloud transformation. And the cost savings that come from that are not impacted by the recession. We're going to execute the cloud transformation, the benefits that 250 basis points is going to flow through. As you also point out, new products is a different game at Equifax today than it was in 2008 and 2009. The kind of focus, the resources and the vitality we're delivering, that's going to benefit us in a recession, having more solutions in market and being cloud native. So those are benefits. And then the fourth point I hit earlier in our comments was around M&A. The acquisitions we've made in the last 24 months, which, as you know, is well above historical trends, meaning we've done a bunch of M&A of 11 acquisitions, over $3 billion of TEV. Those are in our run rate revenue, but the synergies are kicking in the latter part of 2022, 2023, 2024. So that's going to be a positive for us as we think about the recession. So those are all the factors we put together. We haven't done a revenue, EBITDA, EPS forecast on a recession, but we've tried to share with you some of the factors we think about that are positive and negative, and there's a whole bunch more positives at Equifax certainly today than there was in the last economic event.
Mark Begor: Sure. It's Mark here. We're aware that Experian is doing some work and investing around the income and employment space. We don't see them commercially yet, meaning that we haven't seen any impacts from their work that they've done. They've got a -- our understanding is a very small data set compared to our 144 million records or 110 million actives. And so we just haven't seen an impact. That said, it hasn't slowed us down in our investments in technology and products. And of course, in our M&A focus we're one of our priorities, one of our top priorities around M&A is to strengthen Workforce Solutions to ensure that we continue to build the moat and the competitive position around the business. And including the acquisition we announced this morning of LawLogix making that business stronger. So we're clearly focused on continuing to build out Workforce, which is our largest and fastest-growing business.
John Gamble: So, 24.7% was on total Equifax revenue. And then I don't believe we gave an organic revenue growth for the entire company non-mortgage. So--
John Gamble: Sure. And so I think last quarter, what we indicated, we were up 27% and we thought for the full year, we could deliver something south of 30%. But I think the 20 points is very strong, right? And what drives the outperformance in general is the new products, the price actions, the record additions, and all of those activities at Workforce Solutions is executing extremely well, actually executing faster than planned. The record additions, as Mark already covered, were well faster than planned as we're up to 144 million records. They're all volume dependent, right? So, when we get into hit into circumstances where we see the current year volumes decline substantially. It makes it more difficult to outperform the prior year market because of the lower volumes. So that's all it really is in terms of the drivers that will allow them to outperform the market over the long-term, they're actually outperforming the expectations we had when we started the year. So, we feel very good about how they're performing. We think given the much lower level of mortgage inquiries we're talking about, of mortgage originations we're talking about in the second half, if they're able to outperform at about 20 or I think we just said somewhat under 20% that, that will be very, very strong and consistent with the execution against product price records, system integrations that we've been talking about.
John Gamble: No, I just think outside of the investments Mark already talked about in NPI and transformation is kind of the product, technology and then marketing -- product marketing investments we're making. We certainly are looking at all the other expenses, and we're just going to manage those very tightly, right? So even though we don't expect a recession to come at this point in time, so not in the second half of this year, obviously, uncertain about 2023. What we are going to do is make sure we manage very tightly all of the expenses that don't drive that revenue growth.
John Gamble: Yes. So, I share your concern, when I think about the 9.1% inflation or 9.4% in the U.K. or pick your market, when I spend more of my time thinking about is what's the impact going to be on the consumer, on our customers. With regards to our cost structure, it hasn't had much of an impact. We haven't seen a big impact in labor. We're still able to attract the people we want inside of -- with some slight pressure on wage rates, but we're still managing that. A big part of our cost structure, as you know, is technology and we're really heading more towards cost savings there as we convert from our legacy infrastructure to the cloud, and we've got long-term contracts in our cloud infrastructure. And with regards to passing it on, price versus inflation were to net positive. We put pricing increases in place earlier this year that give us a net positive margin impact versus inflation is that even with inflation where it is today.
John Gamble: Yes. Just to give you a perspective, this year, it's a $135 million business, right? So -- and I think during the COVID recession, it increased obviously dramatically. But -- and it basically scales directly with unemployment insurance activity. So it's about $135 million. So, whatever -- however -- as you look at the level of unemployment that could come in a recession, it will scale pretty directly with that.
John Gamble: Other thing which has happened since 2019 is that the percentage of consumers that are actually defined as subprime is just down materially, right? So it's down on the order of 20% of consumers and was much higher back in 2019, and that's just the strengthening of credit scores you've seen. So that's very material for people's access to credit.
John Gamble: Yes. I think Mark covered, Shlomo, really what what's going on with the fraud or header business within FMS, right? We're just -- we are seeing lower volumes, and we're seeing lower levels of activity. And for transactions that are occurring, we're looking for seeing smaller volume transactions. So -- what we're doing is what we talked about, which is working to try to enrich our data sets so that we can, again, make it more valuable to drive greater differentiation in that market. But we're just seeing -- we're seeing that market slow currently. And given that it has, we've just made the assumption that's going to stay slow for the rest of the year. And as we launch new products, we'll talk to you about them as we do with anything with NPI, and we can give you a perspective on how we think that product area may grow.
John Gamble: And importantly, in nonmortgage verification services businesses, about 50% of the revenue is generated from transactions that involve a historical record, either historical records only or historical records and current record. So it's 50% penetration of historical records in the transaction. So very, very high and huge differentiation.
John Gamble: Yes, just current margins, and we talked about it on the call, right, are being significantly impacted by the large reduction in mortgage, right, and our very high variable margins. So if the question was, has this been the new level of your margins? No, as Mark just said, we expect our margins to reaccelerate as the market recovers. But in terms of the exact pace of that reacceleration, we'll give you guidance on that as we get into each individual year.
John Gamble: So, historically, you've seen international margins are generally higher in the second half than the first. So we've seen some of that. But we try to be clear on the call that in terms of the level of acceleration in the margins in international. There is some pressure on that because of the fact we're seeing great growth in our debt management business, but that does have lower margins. So we do expect to see the improvement we talked about, but there is a little bit of pressure on those margins because of debt management.
John Gamble: Yes. So in terms of the drivers of outperformance, it's actually -- the Workforce is actually performing better than our expectations. They've added records faster than we thought. And so that's actually a greater benefit to our performance than we would have expected when we started the year, and they've executed very well on both new products, and then the pricing programs they put in place at the beginning of the year, which tend to go in, in January. So we know about all those, right? The issue -- the reason why the outperformance looks lower than what we saw last quarter is two-fold. One is because all of those factors I just described are all variable with volume. So since volume is declining, like that level of outperformance in absolute dollar shrinks. So that's why you see a smaller outperformance relative to the market because -- and it's just the math and the measurement. The other thing is what Mark talked about, right? We measure the mortgage market. We define it right, as USIS credit inquiries. While since USIS credit inquiries are benefited by shopping and Workforce Solutions isn't benefited by shopping to the same degree, then what we end up having is USIS gets somewhat of a benefit. And so, therefore, the market itself is measured as stronger and that provides a little bit of a greater headwind to outperformance to EWS. We don't think that's -- that in any way indicates they're not performing as well. They're performing extremely well. And as I said, the actual drivers they can control. They're actually outperforming our expectations in terms of record additions products and then obviously, good execution on price. And as Mark mentioned, they're also doing very, very well on system-to-system integration. So we feel very good about the execution that's occurring during the year.
John Gamble: Yes. So in terms of the way we structure the forecast, we obviously look very closely at the current trends we're seeing. We obviously looked very closely at the last 14 days, right, when we're seeing in early July, and we saw we were down 40%. And we also look very closely at the trends we're seeing and the movements in increase between April, May and June. We think that the forecast that we put together or the estimate we used in our financial guidance is very consistent with what we're seeing in terms of movements in the mortgage market itself. We think it's very consistent with the information we shared on new home purchases and the fact that they're certainly weakening as we go through the year relative to what we've seen earlier in the year, we think it's consistent with that. We think it's also consistent with the very low levels of refinance that are currently occurring and really that refinances at this point, almost completely driven by cash out refi. Also, I think you saw last night that all three of the major parties that forecast mortgage originations refreshed their forecast yesterday evening, Freddie, Fannie and MBA. MBA came out and said they expect originations to be down in the neighborhood of 43.5% and I think all three indicated those origination units, sorry. And I think all three indicated that origination dollars will be down in the order of 46% in the second half. So, we feel like with us indicating you're going to see over 46% reduction in inquiries, which would imply a 200 to 300 basis points, so I think 48% to 50% decline in origination units. We think we've given a very reasonable forecast, we think it's consistent with other third party forecasters. And so, we feel like we've done a fairly good job at encompassing the information we have today. But obviously, to be fair, very hard to forecast the mortgage market and what we'll do is we'll just keep letting you know what we're seeing. And then any changes that we're seeing that that might drive in our output. But, right now, we feel like we've done a nice job of including all the information available, and we feel relatively good about the fact that the other parties have come out and look to be at or slightly stronger than us.
John Gamble: Yes, I think the big driver, obviously, for us, what's occurring right now is the impact of mortgage market overall, right? And our -- there really is any inflation impact, George, from our perspective in that margin. It's really the loss of that mortgage revenue is just a big impact on us. That's all.
John Gamble: So by far, the largest impact in the reduction in our adjusted EPS, we tried to walk through the drivers, right? But in terms of the margin piece, right, outside of interest and outside of the impact of FX, right? By far, the largest driver is obviously the reduction in mortgage and mortgage has very high variable profit, right? So, that's what's really driving the reduction in our margin dollars and, therefore, driving the reduction in our adjusted EPS. And yes, there is some incremental cost that we're investing going forward in as we invest going forward in new products, but that's not the driver. The driver is really the movement in mortgage, right? What we were trying to do is to give you a perspective on there's a substantial driver, and there are some other things that are impacting margins as well. We talked about investments in the development costs. We talked about some mix issues in international as we grow the debt management business. And we also talked about the fact that we had a little bit of a benefit because our variable compensation goes down. We're just trying to give you a perspective on the different side levers that are playing within a larger impact of the decline in the mortgage market.
John Gamble: In addition to Equifax, there have been multiple companies that have had day one certainty for several years.
