John W. Gamble: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As before I'll be referring to the financial results from continuing operations generally presented on a GAAP basis. During the quarter we recorded an impairment charge of $14.8 million or $9.8 million after-tax related to our cost method investment in DBS. The impairment is in general a result of the weakened economic situation in Brazil. We also recorded an $8.6 million after-tax gain due to a state income tax benefit resulting from a state tax law change enacted during the quarter. The net of these two unusual items was negative $0.01 per share. Consistent with our past practice for treating unusual or infrequent items, we've excluded these items from our adjusted EPS in order to provide investors with a more consistent period to period operating comparison. Now let me turn to the business unit's financial performance for the second quarter. U.S. Information Solutions revenue was $360 million up 12% when compared to the second quarter of 2014. Online Information Solutions revenue was $233 million up 13% when compared to the year-ago period. Mortgage Solutions revenue was $33 million up 20% compared to Q2 of 2014, this compares favorably to the mortgage bankers application index which was up 16% in the second quarter. Financial Marketing Services revenue was $50 million up 4% when compared to the year-ago quarter and the operating margin for U.S. Information Solutions was 42.1% up from 39.5% in the second quarter of 2014. International revenue was $148 million down 1% on a reported basis, but up 11% on a local currency basis. By region, Europe's revenue was $63 million down 1% in U.S. dollars but up 12% in local currency. Latin America's revenue was $51 million up 6% in U.S. dollars and 18% in local currency. Canada revenue was $35 million down 10% in U.S. dollars, but up 2% in local currency. For the second quarter, International's operating margin was 19.9% down from 21.9% in the second quarter of 2014. Although the operating margin fell short of our expectations, we have a number of very exciting growth opportunities Rick has discussed that were an incremental investment and management focus. Workforce Solutions revenue was $146 million for the quarter up 23% when compared to the second quarter of 2014. Verification Services with revenue of $94 million was up 30% when compared to the same quarter of last year. Employer Services revenue was $52 million up 11% compared to last year, growth was aided by our ACA analytical solution and further progress with Compliance Center. The Workforce Solutions operating margin was 38.3%, compared to 33.9% in Q2 of 2014. Personal solutions revenue was $68 million, up 7% on a reported basis and up 8% on a local currency basis. For the second quarter, operating margin was 27.6% compared to 30.9% in Q2 of 2014. This margin is consistent with our longer term expectation for this business, as we primarily driven by increased marketing expense during the quarter. In the second quarter, general corporate expense at $48.5 million was slightly over the guidance we gave last year. The increase versus our guidance, and from the $36.6 million in 2Q of 2014, was principally due to increased incentive compensation expense due to our very strong performance in 2015. We also had increased salaries and benefits, and other investment expense, primarily related to our key strategic initiatives. Looking at the third and fourth quarter, we expect general corporate expense to be approximately $45 million per quarter, consistent with 2014 levels. Operating margin at 27.8% was very strong. Operating cash flow was $187 million in the quarter. We continued our aggressive stock buyback activity, repurchasing 0.9 million shares for $92 million and paying $34 million in dividends to our shareholders. With that I'll turn it back to Rick.
John W. Gamble: And just near-term, what you're seeing in the first half of this year is we just have a revenue mix change, right? We talked about Canada being a little weaker, a lot of it because of FX. There's an FX impact, but also, Canada is a very high-margin country for us, similar to USIS. So when Canada is weaker, it affects our International margins.
John W. Gamble: That continues to be an area of focus. Obviously, a lot of that's driven by mix as well. DSOs internationally are a bit higher, and since you've seen pretty good local currency growth internationally, that does negatively impact DSOs. But it's something we continue to focus on and, obviously, we'll hope to squeeze them down over time.
John W. Gamble: And with that success that helps us be confident in the 6% to 8% organic growth model that we continue to focus on.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, John. Consistent with our guidance last quarter, we expect continued favorable economic conditions in the U.S. span the majority of our non-mortgage verticals. I'll talk about mortgage in a second. Internationally, we continue to expect uneven economic conditions across Europe and Latin America. Our view of the U.S. mortgage market in the second half of 2015 is roughly consistent with our prior guidance as we expect U.S. mortgage market originations to be up slightly in the second half of 2015 versus the same period of 2014. We are, however, increasing our full-year view for 2015 mortgage originations to be up somewhere between 11% and 13% versus 2014. The U.S. mortgage market was stronger than our expectations in the first half of the year with originations up approximately 20% versus last year. And again, we'll talk about the nuances and the impact of moving from a refinancing mortgage market to a purchase market, which we are in the process of doing, the benefits that has for our company. For the third quarter, we expect organic revenue to be between $655 million and $670 million, reflecting constant currency organic growth between 10% and 12%, partially offset by about 3% FX headwind. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.08 and $1.11 a share, which is up 7% to 10%, excluding $0.03 per share of negative impact from FX. This reflects constant currency organic EPS growth of 10% to 13%. We also expect operating margin to be in the range of 27% to 27.5% for the quarter. For the full year, we've again increased our guidance for revenue and adjusted EPS. We expect now 2015 revenue to be between $2.645 billion and $2.67 billion, up from our previous guidance which was $2.585 billion to $2.635 billion and reflects constant currency organic revenue growth of 11% to 12% for the year. This strong revenue growth is partially offset, again, by approximately 3% negative FX impact. And as before, this is all organic revenue growth. 2015 adjusted EPS is now expected to be in the range of $4.38 to $4.42 a share, also up from our previous guidance and this reflects 13% to 14% EPS growth for the year. On a constant currency basis excluding $0.10 per share negative impact of FX at current rates, this reflects 15% to 16% growth for the year compared to 11% growth in 2011. In summary, we're also more intently focused now on strategic inorganic growth as we have developed a more robust pipeline of potential opportunities, now that we have fully integrated TDX into our operations. So as we've talked to you in the past, intent was to be more focused on that as we exit 2015 and into 2016, we're ready to do just that. So that's all the prepared comments. So, operator, if you could please open up for Q&A for John and I, that would be great.
Richard F. Smith: Sure. As I briefly alluded to in my comments, the trends we saw emerging in 2014 and clearly into the first quarter of 2015 are continuing. It is extremely broad-based. So think about the growth, first and foremost on the Verification side being, as we continue to add records, that's all incremental revenue right there and they've been adding records for a long time now. Secondly, Mortgage obviously is strong. Third as I alluded to in my comments, almost every – in fact I think it is every non-mortgage vertical is growing strong, strong double digits. That's pre-employment, that's collections, that's automotive, that's card, I can go on and on and on, extremely strong. And then as you mentioned the Workforce Analytics, we continue to add customers there, I said 10 million. Consumers are now being or employees are now being monitored and 62 clients alone in the month of June. So it is as broad-based a performance of growth as you could hope for in EWS. It is just spectacular.
Richard F. Smith: Great question. It's still early, so we gave you a number earlier in the year, it's ahead of that right at this juncture, but we still have 6 months in the year to go. So it's hard to say where that goes for the full year at this time. It's been very successful. We like the model and as we've talked to you in the past, we look at that deed to see be it through a business to a consumer or direct-to-consumer as one unified strategy. So in this particular case we have our PSOL unit and USIS working together strategically to make sure this makes sense not just short-term but long-term. And, yes, there's nothing to prevent us from looking at taking the success we've had with Credit Karma and either doing it ourselves directly or doing it with other indirect players.
Richard F. Smith: That's obviously something we'll develop over time. It's something we keep a close eye on, Jeff. It depends on the horizon you're looking at. It's specific to the third quarter guidance, maybe the second half guidance. You're right, it's not just every business unit, it's the sub-business units within those business units, and the sub-sub. So that could be the auto vertical within International, but also the auto vertical within all the countries in International performing extremely well is very, very broad-based and their executions at extremely high level. Let me use your question to respond to something I briefly alluded to in my comments, which is the nuances of mortgage and how mortgage impacts our thinking for the balance of the year and next year. And you guys know this as well as we do, the world is going, the U.S. market is going from a heavily refinancing distribution to now back to more the normal distribution, which is heavily skewed towards purchases and less and less towards refinancing. And while the overall mortgaging market will soften, I think it clearly is going to soften second half of this year versus the first half, 2016 will be less than – maybe modestly up from 2015. The nuance that's positive for us is that when you go from a refinancing market to a home-purchase market, it's actually a benefit. In many cases, individual bank policies may not require them to pull a VOE/VOI: verification of employment, verification of income. When you do a purchase, they pull a VOE/VOI. Secondly, when you go to a refinancing, from refinancing to purchase, you're going to pull, as we've told you in the past, far more credit files. Your broker may pull the credit file; you, as a consumer, may shop the four different banks, five different banks, each time pulling a file. In refinancing, you don't do that. They may pull one file. So even though the mortgage market growth rates will slow as we go forward, including in third quarter, we think there's some hidden gems in there for us as you rebalance to a purchase market.
Richard F. Smith: Clearly. I alluded to that, I think, in my comments that we had exceeded our budget by 10% for the quarter. But it's that combined with the topic we've talked about now for a few quarters, which is Cambrian. You can't underestimate; this has been a multi-year heavy investment that now gives us the ability to partner with our customers and build products in seconds, where it used to take weeks or months, and that fuels NPI as well.
Richard F. Smith: Good question. I think there's no single answer. I'd say, generically, in the U.S. and I think I said this somewhere in my comments, we're expecting improved economic environments. I talked about moving to a sweet spot in consumer credit as you exit this year and go into 2016. It's not robust yet in the U.S.; it's improving. The nuance or the difference there would be the automotive, obviously very strong and we've benefited from that. But we've also benefited – we're growing at rates multiples of the automotive growth rates as you know, Shlomo, through our Connector Strategy, which we're partners, and new product introduction. Card, we're seeing pre-screen pick up, which is encouraging, and that should lead to more card revenue going forward. Insurance is strong, retail banking is strong. So it's fairly broad-based. But the heart of your question is other than automotive, the majority of the USIS growth that we're experiencing is not – some of it's economically driven, but more of it's driven by new product innovation, more spend with our customers, leveraging D360, things like that, versus the market itself.
Richard F. Smith: And I think the rising tide will lift all boats eventually, but yes. We've been at D360, for god's sake I think it's in 2007, so eight years. And all the things we've done by leveraging D360, then building Cambrian, building NPI, it's those things by and large that are driving more of our core organic growth in the U.S. than it is the economic environment.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, absolutely. It's consistent with what we've talked about before. There's two big things we're doing. And one, the beauty is, Shlomo, before I give you the two things we're doing, is John and I have the luxury to invest in areas where we need to invest, and PSOL is one of them. We've been investing in that for a couple of years as an example. We told you we'll accelerate the growth there from our competitors, but the margins will come down 25% to 30%. We also told you we're going to invest in International for long-term growth and profitability. We can do those things and still give you – we've told you what we're going to do, which is a 25 basis point to 50 basis point corporate margin expansion. We've done that and I think margins were up 120 basis points in the first quarter and 50 basis points in the second quarter. Specific to your question, though, there are two things we're investing in, in International, which I firmly believe benefit us long term. One is the government contract we talked about in the UK. That is a large, complicated investment that we've had to make that's required resources from around the globe to stand up this environment to be ready to go live end of the third quarter, early fourth quarter. And I think we've talked to you about that now as a group for a few quarters. So that's one. The other has been with our ability now to standardize platforms, we're now going to regional centers in International, and there's a cost associated with moving from replicating processes in every country to regionalizing those processes in fewer countries. So there's an investment required to get this. Those are two things we're investing in now as well as NPI, but we always do that. That will bode well long-term, but create some headwinds in margin short-term.
Richard F. Smith: And 62 signed, and he's saying – how many contracts have we already signed year-to-date? Okay. I'm being told, Paul, because I don't have it off the top of my head, over 200. So 62 in one month is a big number.
Richard F. Smith: And the second question on acquisitions, thank you, team, for your great work there. On acquisitions, yeah, probably not sure I can disclose the details, but yeah, we do a good job of tuck-ins. So it would fit our strategy, which is data analytics, geographical expansion, and I'll leave it at that.
Richard F. Smith: Very sustainable. Dann has done a hell of a job taking a very good business and bringing it to a new level. When we told you, we talked about this for quite some time, we have a path to get the records up to 300 million and every time you add a record, you get multiple bites of the apple, it becomes more valuable for more verticals. You have revenue added just incrementally for that record being added. So that's one. Two, Workforce Analytics are in the very early stages. The IRS piece of the Workforce Analytics goes live in February of 2016. So we haven't even experienced that revenue growth yet. The non-verification piece of EWS, we've got a great leader in there doing a great job of thinking. That business no longer is just protecting the work number but innovating, investing in efficiency for our customers and making the customer experience better, taking that business from virtually a no growth to a nicely growing business. So as I look, Gary, at the portfolio of assets we have, I have told our investors this time and time again, I think they're all really well positioned for long term multi-year growth. The one that's got I think the most significant growth opportunities over a multi-year period of time is in fact EWS.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, sure. I'll give you my view, but there's others, economists that we obviously deal with that could give you their view, banks will give you their view. But here's why I described it that way. I intentionally described it in our larger developed markets, so the UK, Canada and U.S. I underlined or underscored particularly the U.S. What you've got is the emergence of obviously higher employment rates or unemployment rates starting to see wage growth, starting to see home price growth, continued home price growth, consumer confidence is growing. The banks are stronger now than they have ever been, so their ability to lend to those that want to borrow is as strong now, is becoming as strong now as it's been since maybe the 2005, 2006, 2007 timeframe. So that's why I'm saying I feel like in those countries specifically we're moving into what I view as a sweet spot for consumer credit. Obviously that benefits us.
Richard F. Smith: Emphatically, yes, and it's not just NPI 2.0, but it's something I think we introduced to you and I alluded to today, can't remember when we introduced it, Jeff, but the EGI, Enterprise Growth Initiatives, you can't underestimate that as well. And that's adding one or two points of growth annually for us on top of what we get from NPI. So it's a combination of those two is truly in our DNA and doesn't mean we've become complacent about it, but now we've got to continue to make sure we reinvigorate it, reinvent it, that's why we took a timeout and introduced 2.0, and that's why we introduced EGI maybe three or four years ago is we've always got to challenge ourselves of finding different ways to innovate for our customers.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I gave a few brief highlights. It's moving along very well. We still have the technical environment. We've cleared almost every operational hurdle that the government has asked for and we expect to go live – I think our first data feed is this week, next week, and really start going live late third quarter and into early fourth quarter. Really consistent with what we talked about maybe nine months ago, modest revenue in the fourth quarter and ramping up nicely in the first quarter 2016.
Richard F. Smith: I'm looking at it. It's starting to come back. It's a – we're not as heavily focused in the affinity market as others are. We're heavily focused in the indirect market and I think I alluded to in my earnings notes that that's growing strong double digits for us, but we're not a heavy player in the affinity market.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, I think so. It's early days, but I think any time we can help our customers, be it banks or telcos, get transparency and better insights into the under-banked they win, the under-banked win and we win. I alluded to the fact, in one of the Latin American countries we're building capabilities with an exchange at transparency in that exact segment. There is nothing to do with the FICO score that you're talking about, leveraging on utility database. But it's the same concept, how to get transparency to the under-banked? And I think if we do that smartly, and the FICO score is one way to do that, again that's a win-win-win.
Richard F. Smith: No, I'll give you – so, it's a continuation of all things we do, which is NPI, EGI, LEAN operational excellence of execution, blah, blah, blah. But the macro things, yes. a healing U.S. economy moving us into the sweet spot of consumer credit, and same with the UK, same with Canada, the TDX contract as you alluded to as well, and then EWS continue to go through ACA.
Richard F. Smith: I'd say that management obviously with the addition of a government contract in UK and I'd say Workforce Analytics clearly will be another big step up. Auto, I think the market in the U.S. auto market will be modestly up versus this year, but I think there's still another year of great growth prospects for us as we continue to mature with our strategy there. So those are a couple.
Richard F. Smith: No. I did not. I talked – someone asked the question, David, I can't recall who it was. I apologize for that, but – about Work Number, and I talked about long-term growth and we have a path and a strategy to get our total records to 300 million, David, maybe about a year or two ago. I've intentionally talked less about the active – that's growing nicely by the way. It's growing very nicely and on path to do everything we want it to do. But I'm talking more about this path, the 300 million records, because there was a misnomer that I feel maybe eight years ago with EWS in that there was more value or perceived value in active versus total. We derive a lot of value from the historical records as well. So in an attempt to make sure everyone understood that, we're really talking about getting the total database up to 300 million. We're on our way.
Richard F. Smith: No, it just hasn't been a priority yet. It's just getting the relationship understood, stood up and running, but it's something the team can look at long-term.
Richard F. Smith: Good question. Thank you for asking that. Medium term, I know your question was long-term, medium-term, whatever the hell that means, I'm bearish on Brazil. Politically, economically, it's in a down cycle. I'm not sure if that's another two years, three years, but it's tough. Secondly, there's – I think everyone knows there was a law passed a couple years ago to include positive data, which we thought was a positive, no pun intended there. There's a cloud over that possibility. It is likely or possible that the positive bureau was in fact controlled and built by the banks, much like Serasa – if you remember Serasa of old, on the negative data it was built. So I'm not sure strategically what that does to the Brazilian market long-term. So right now, I've always said before I get aggressive in doing this, step up my – our ownership in Brazil, I've got to really understand what the economy is going to do and how long is it going to be in this downtrodden environment, and where does the positive bureau go. And I think we have clarity on the latter, the positive bureau, probably in the next 12 months, and we'll make a decision at that point in time. In the meantime, they're good partners. TMG is a good partner, Boa Vista is a good partner. We continue to work with them to make sure they are as successful as possible.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Brett. I'd say, one, we've got good competitors and I respect our competitors. They do a good job in the marketplace and we got D&B (53:20) or Experian or local competitors in local countries. Two, you can't underestimate the power of having good people and we've been blessed to have some really good, talented, committed people. Then beyond that, I'd say there's no doubt that innovation, be it through EGI or NPI really leveraged by unique data assets has been a huge differentiator over the years. And I tell people that the growth in that area of innovation isn't always or even largely share gain. It is, in some cases, clearly, Brett. But it is solving problems that no one else can solve. So if they used to spend $100 in the ecosystem, if they're now spending $110, we get the incremental $10 spend. That's really where the great leverage is. And then, the other thing is – where was I going to go. Cameron (54:20) obviously will be an enabler long-term for us, so beyond that, how do you sustain that? I think it's sustainable mid-term and long-term, as I mentioned to someone else's question earlier. We've got to continue to reinvent ourselves, remain contemporary. I think we've also got to say what is the next asset we need that adds value to our customers that are our competition or the marketplace is not adding today. So in our strategic planning process, we always think about what is next. Obviously, I would not allude to that here, but that's something we think about.
Richard F. Smith: Well, clearly multi-year. I mean, people are going to get – I can promise you this, the majority of companies, when we talk to CEOs, we've talked to the chief HR officers, they're thinking about this today and they're either looking to us or someone else in the marketplace to solve those problems or they're trying to build their own homegrown solutions, and if they're out of compliance, they're going to get fined. As those fines start to mount their need for solutions go up and the urgency for the solutions go up. Secondly, I alluded, Gary in my comments that the IRS piece of the compliance goes live February of next year, so we haven't even monetized that yet to its fullest extent. So I think if it's a baseball analogy, the Workforce analytics potential is in the very early innings of its growth.
