Rick Smith: Thanks John. Some summary comments before we go to the Q&A. As I have mentioned before to all of you and as many of you had noted in our conversations in the write-ups, the level of execution and the momentum that this team has generated in 2015 is the best in my 10 years here. So, I think it is truly remarkable what they have done. We are well-positioned for growth opportunities that lie ahead and our ability to take on any of the challenges that may confront us. In coming years, the revenue going to be contributed from the class of new products that we just launched and expected to exceed our historical leverage that there is wind at our back. Our enterprise growth initiatives including expanding insights driven Cambrian, healthcare, trended data, and auto will not only enhance our competitive position but also deliver growth opportunities for years to come. All of these efforts are expected in our opinion to offset the rate anticipated slowdown of U.S. mortgage market, which as you know started to decelerate over the course of 2015. While it’s impossible to predict where the mortgage market is going go, especially when I looked this morning, the ten-year treasury is under 1.6. Forecast range from down 20% to up mid single-digits. Our forecast that we’ve given you for 2016 is anticipating that the mortgage market will be down single-digits in 2016. And obviously, our expectation is that team in both Workforce Solutions and USIS, as they have done for many, many years, outperforms that quite significantly. Obviously if rates continue to stay low as they are, there may be some market upside to what occurs in the mortgage market, and we’ll know obviously as we head deeper into the year. 2016 is yet again expected to be another strong year of performance for the Company. For the year, we expect revenue including the impact of Veda to be between $3 billion and $3.1 billion, reflecting constant currency revenue growth of 15% to 19% that’s going to be partially offset by about 2 to 3 points of FX headwind. This is consistent with our comments in October that the organic constant currency growth would be at the high end of our long-term range of 6% to 8%. I’ve got to say it again that’s the high end of the range coming off of constant currency growth last year of 12%. So, it’s I think quite remarkable. As John mentioned, we also expect to add another 1 to 2-point of tuck-in acquisitions throughout the year. These additional acquisitions are obviously beyond Veda, which as he said is not including in the first quarter of 2016 outlook. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $4.95 and $5.05 which is up 10% to 12% for the year. Excluding approximately $0.13 per share of negative impact from FX, this reflects constant currency organic EPS growth of 14% to 15%. For the first quarter, we expect organic revenue to be between $685 million and $695 million, reflecting constant currency organic revenue growth of 8% to 10% to be partially offset by about 3 points of FX headwind in the quarter. First quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.14 and $1.16, which is up 7% to 8%. Excluding $0.04 per share of negative impact from FX, this reflects constant currency organic EPS growth of 10% to 12% for the first quarter. Again, we expect to close Veda in the first quarter, but we’re not including it in the estimate. Maybe during Q&A we’ll talk about why it’s going to push forward [ph] for that one month. In 2016, we are also going to shift our focus to adjusted EBITDA margin that we talk about that throughout the call since it better represents the true operating performing of the Company. 2016, we expect our adjusted EBITDA margin to expand by solid 75 basis points over last year’s 34.8% EBITDA margin. In our modified multiyear business model, we expect adjusted EBITDA margins to be in the upper 30% to 40% range with annual acceleration of at least 25 basis points. So, with that operator, if you’d open it up for questions for audience, it’d be great.
Rick Smith: Dave, that’s a great question obviously with the volatility we’ve seen in the first five or six weeks of 2016. John and I spend a lot of time with our teams talking about that. I can’t at this juncture draw a connection between equity market volatility and the health of the consumer in our major markets around the world. As you know, we operate in about 19 different countries and have a great pulse on what’s going on with customer, many cases on a daily basis across different verticals, different industry sectors and combined that with some very smart people internally and externally we leverage on a routine basis, economists that help us think through consumer small business lending trends. And we are not see a slowdown in our markets, maybe exception here or there but nothing material David that gives me concern that the forecast we just gave you for guidance is not very attainable. We’re just not seen that strong correlation. So, at this juncture in our major markets around the world, the consumers continue to be healthy. We described it, I think it was a few quarters ago is in a sweet spot, we still believe that and feel it and we see it in our numbers.
Rick Smith: Let me give you the aggregate, and I’ll ask John to go to the details. But, I did guide at the very end about 75 basis -- we’re talking EBITDA now David. 75 basis points of margin expansion at the corporate level 2016 over 2015, what you can see there is continued margin expansion in businesses that have been expanding now for quite some time that EWS as you alluded and USIS that trend will continue. Number two, we intentionally made investments in PSOL in 2015, positioning them for better growth in 2016 and beyond. That’s kind of the highest now. So, you’ll start to see margin expansion in PSOL from levels you saw in 2015. We also invested in two main areas in International that are behind us now, one was as you’re very aware of, standing up of the UK government contract, which was a yearlong having investments and now the revenue starts to come, because it was virtually no revenue in 2015. Secondly, we talked about kind of regionalization of platforms and people and processes to give us a long-term more cost efficient international model. Those investments were largely made in 2015; those have now been anniversaried. So, you’ll start to see International and PSOL margins expanding this year and obviously International I alluded to, will be -- also their margins will be enhanced with the addition of a very high margin successful business in Veda. Beyond that, do you have any other… 
Rick Smith: I’ll make a statement here, John, correct me if I am wrong, David, to give you a little more texture, maybe to what you’re looking for. If you look at each individual BU and you look sequentially, ‘16 versus ‘15 every BU’s EBITDA margin will go up from 2015 and 2016’s expectation.
Rick Smith: David, I think this business -- all four businesses are executing high and have great growth opportunities. These guys are in early stages of the growth opportunities. It’s not only going to 280 to 300 increase, hit rate, as you mentioned; it’s also -- we are so early and I gave you some sense of the growth rates by verticals. And it’s amazing; these are very, very high double-digit growth rates in the verification side. We’re such -- we are so rightly penetrated in many of the high growth markets; there are years of growth to go on the verification side in the U.S. alone. Let me add to that which is not the heart of your question, growth from the analytics platform that we’ve built on the employer side. And I gave a little comment, which I didn’t expand upon but I will now, in my prepared comments David. The appetite for customers in geographies around the world for us to take this platform of The Work Number to their geographies is stronger now than it’s ever been. And we have got a team working full speed, couple of main geographies around the world, so I’m not going to get involved in detail on where but to solve the same problems that we are solving here, there. So, long way of saying the growth opportunity is significant, it’s multiyear and it’s not just the U.S.
Rick Smith: Thanks Paul. Yes, your comments were right; I am not going to the level of pricing increase we get from trended data. But the way to look at it is the value derived on an ROI basis from the mortgage underwriters from looking at data over multiple years versus a short time, is significant, as a result of willing to pay more for trended data. The other point I alluded to in my prepared comments, Paul, was we are going trend more than just the credit file and take our really unique data assets that no one else has and start trending those. Think about the value of trending income data versus taking a snapshot in time, and then you take the utility data. So, the trending -- I really mean this is sort of the trending of data especially the unique data assets we have I think creates innovative products and solutions for the years to come. As far as the mortgage market on Workforce Solutions, again, we don’t disclose that level of detail. I’ll leave it at this though there is still significant room. And David Togut kind of alluded this. At the database grows, the hit rate goes up; it benefits all verticals including mortgage but we still have penetration opportunities, not just on hit rate but by account in the mortgage arena in EWS, much like we do in auto, insurance, credit card, government, and others for The Work Number.
Rick Smith: There is a couple of things, one is short term, as we look at ‘16 and then I’ll go to multiyear, two. For ‘16, there is one primary thing going on there. You’ve got significant headwinds, specifically in the first half of the year in USIS for mortgage. Mortgage’s biggest quarters were the first and second quarter and as we said before, it starts to decelerate in second half. So, that’s why I left that model consistent for ‘16 Paul. In fact I think, it would be at the lower end of that range in ‘16, to be very clear with you. And then as far as the multiyear model, I’d not ratchet [ph] that up; I’d rather do that once I have success under our belt and we see just how big this is going to be. So, I think it’s a little premature business. But at the right time, once we see the success and traction, as you know there is lives in mid-year and will be a lot smarter at the end of the year and if model justifies being changed at that time, we will.
Rick Smith: I think of it this way, I did mention that the revitalization in NPI that we launched in late ‘14 benefited in the ‘15 class, one of the strongest classes ever and that bode will well for next three years. So, it’s moving in the right direction. Two, you always have, as you think about the vitality index, Manav, you get big chunks of product roll off every once in a while. So, making up big chunks of products is harder than it sounds, just to stay at 10%. But three, maybe most importantly, you’ve heard us now talk for about two years around EGI. It’s not about innovation it is taking large complicated growth initiatives across multiple geographies and making sure we sustain the kind of growth we need there. And that was I think 20% growth I alluded to in my earnings call. So look at it totally, and the contributions from NPI and EGI, it is significant. So I don’t feel compelled at this juncture to ratchet up 10%, beyond 10%.
Rick Smith: I think you know us well enough by now; we tend to be thoughtful and maybe little conservative in our guidance. We guided 25 basis points for 2015, what was the -- operating margin was up 90 basis points and guiding 2016 with EBITDA margin up 75 basis points. So, I don’t want to starve the business and you heard John talk about investment and CapEx, while was higher than we have historically, the standardized platforms to bring Cambrian, global to facilitate faster more profitable growth. So, Manav, I think it’s Rubik’s Cube and I think that combination of really strong organic growth that we’ve talked to you about combined with margin expansion of 25 basis points. If we can get this business to do that year in and year out and get to our aspiration of goals, we alluded to 40% EBITDA margin, I think that’s pretty damn good. I hope you agree.
Rick Smith: We’re not anticipating a global recession at this juncture. If it does occur, I look today versus how we were positioned as a company in 2007 has been dramatically different, LEAN as an example. And our ability to operate global platforms and take global processes and improve them, take cost out, and act and react to recessionary environment is far greater today than it was. We were in our infancy stage of understanding, globalizing the platform, globalizing the process and deploying LEAN around the world, so we could rack much fast if we had to in that environment. Two, just the overall pipeline of products, we have much stronger now. We are in early days of NPI; back then EGI did not exist; and so, just the ability to grind out organic growth didn’t exist then. And lastly, we have built some counter -- two other points, countercyclical products that are bigger now; we do well -- think unemployment [ph] as an example, EWS that we do well in a recessionary environment. And we’re more global today, especially with the addition of Veda and their platform. If the entire globe hits a recession, that doesn’t really help you. But if it’s isolated to a few of the developed markets, the fact that we’re bigger global enterprise may help us as well.
Rick Smith: Yes. I said on cost side. Yes, there really aren’t many cost synergies. In fact it’d be just the opposite. We’re adding to cost Veda to brings things like Cambrian and InterConnect and other things to help link data, and grow faster. 
Rick Smith: The model did not contemplate that Andrew. I’d tell you what I walked away on my last visit with the team down there more impressed with the way in which contributors have been contributing data, positive I should say. So, it’s not right now in our guidance, it’s not in the model we use to justifying buying the company. But I’m more hopeful and impressed now than I was in early days that it will be a meaningful change down the road.
Rick Smith: Look, the ranges are there for a reason; we think they’re pretty solid ranges. And you’re going to see nuances and noise quarter-to-quarter, as you guys know and maybe even year-to-year but over multiple years, those ranges are still pretty good. The one -- again, one business that’s really clicking on all cylinders and probably has more runway to exceed would be EWS. Their sandbox is just -- it’s a bigger sandbox and there less mature business and they’ve got early days of growth. If there is one that you’ve got to say maybe has more opportunity to outperform, it’s that one.
Rick Smith: Absolutely. And the other thing I’d say maybe too is -- so, yes, that’s including the mortgage environment I just alluded to down single-digits and we’ll have to outperform it. Obviously if mortgage is stronger and we expect that benefits EWS as well as USIS. But then the other business maybe short term in 2016 I think about having maybe more runway then that long-term model would be PSOL because they’ve got some pretty good things going on as they redefine their model as well.
Rick Smith: Yes, I don’t think we break that. That’s second part. But the first part is and I think I alluded to in my comments, what’s allowing International to continue to grow at the rates growing in spite of difficulty economic environments in Latin America and other parts of the world too, is innovation. I mentioned that the majority of their -- two-thirds of their revenue in these large geographies are generating vitality indexes from new product innovation above 10%. So, if it weren’t for that and they are also benefactor of EGI obviously as well. But if it weren’t for those innovative approaches, to products and EGI, they would not be performing like they’re performing.
Rick Smith: Yes. We’ve got a small team down the south in Australia and New Zealand that represents the debt management analytics platforms. So yes, having access to a much larger sales organization with people, longer standing relationships will help our debt management growth. But beyond that, one, we’re getting a business that’s got great organic growth opportunities; alluded the fact there is inorganic opportunities. And then the others are bringing things like The Work Number to Australia, bringing Cambrian to Australia, bringing InterConnect to Australia, bringing our global fraud platform to Australia. It’s hard, you can’t underestimate the relationship these guys have in Australia and New Zealand and the market presence they have with all major verticals is significant. And they build out, much like Equifax has in Australia and New Zealand, a very wide array of unique data assets. And if we can bring our knowhow to bear there, to build products, that is a great growth driver. And then, as someone -- I think that Andrew asked a second ago, eventually when comprehensive as he referred to or positive data as many referred to it, when that becomes mainstream, guess what, we know how to manage positive data and build platform on positive data really well. And that in years to come there is another growth driver for us.
Rick Smith: No doubt that Credit Karma in the U.S. marketplace for the reseller side or the indirect channels we call is uniquely large piece of business. So, might there be a larger U.S. piece of that? Might be; I don’t see it as probable. The LifeLock is going to be a very good add to us expanding was PSOL does. And also think about -- well you’ve got -- there is two other things that are important. You’ve got now taking that same concept of Credit Karma to other geographies, which we operate, taking it to Australia, taking to Canada, taking to UK. And also you’ve got Dann Adams. Now, one of beauties Andrew of moving leaders around the different businesses is they have a different perspective than the predecessor. And Dann is looking at this business now saying kind of look at the breach market differently. He is looking at saying how do I combine some of the assets we have from EWS where he was for five and half years, into the global PSOL channel. So, it’s not just the large indirect resellers who give me hope for long-term growth in PSOL, it’s the four levers we talked about plus taking other data assets into PSOL.
Rick Smith: It’s the latter and it’s by far the latter. I can see a day where this businesses so dramatically bigger than it is today, not just in U.S. but global. Andrew we are going wake up ex number of years, and it’s going to be a couple of more geographies that are really important to us. I talked about trended data. We are just now in early days with trended data; we’re building the capabilities for trended data. So, I would be remiss if I would say the leadership that was there was outstanding; they did a hell of a job and I am sure -- and Dann has done a hell of a job out there as you know and we’ve seen the financials. We’ll continue that progress and take this business to next level. And it’s not farfetched to see at some juncture EWS being bigger than our core 117-year old credit business at margins equal to if not higher than USIS. So that’s kind of how we think about that.
Rick Smith: No, I think we’ve got our toes into everything but it’s all relative, it’s -- I hate this baseball analogy but again, are we in the bottom half of first inning or the top half of the ninth inning. In most cases, we are very early stages. So, the credit card is important to us, the insurance is important to us, prescreening is important to us. So, thinking about anywhere we are having affirmation that someone is employed and the confirmation how much someone makes across almost every vertical, there is a need to that. So, we are into virtually all of them Andre, but there are some, we’re very, very early days where penetration has got years to go.
Rick Smith: Good question. It’s the latter. Structure does not necessarily always facilitates faster growth or in fact growth to be slower. This is -- it just intellectually makes sense to have one team manage every aspect of the strategy for consumer regardless of how the consumer buys that product, directly from us or through a partner of our. So that’s why we did that. I don’t think that in itself changes the growth profile. It’s executing against the four-pronged strategy we laid out last year that gives us confidence that the growth of PSOL multiyear model is slightly higher than past.
Rick Smith: It’s going to take a while. This is -- when I think about the multiyear model we communicated earlier, it does not contemplate internationally, and I would never do that. So, it’s going to take a while to build that database. But we’re good at it; we know how to do it; we get funds invested into it; we’ve got people invested into it; we’ve got customers we know very well; we’ve got the technology; we’ve got the platforms; we know how to do. We think it’s a lot of good. This is something you look at over a five-year period of time and say got it, now it’s growing revenue versus fourth quarter 2016.
Rick Smith: We’re so good at, we’ve done for so long is NPI and EGI. So that’s something that obviously is investor or analyst thinking about it. So, we have a level of confidence and continuing it the way, just continue it if not higher. You alluded to the core EWS which was talked about quite a bit this morning, continue to grow international EWS obviously is one. Cambrian, you can’t underestimate Cambrian. Cambrian will not only allow us to link to different data assets together but build product s you could not never build before but build them faster. So, time to revenue would be faster with Cambrian. Obviously small tuck-in acquisitions that were so good at, but hopefully we’ll continue to be really good. So, we know how to do it. That will be a vehicle for profitable growth going forward. So, the cool thing is I think you’d agree is it’s not just one, two or three things we’re counting on for growth. The foundation has been built by these -- our teams that have got so many levers to pull, it gives you a pretty good confidence.
Rick Smith: Good question. Yes, we spend a lot of time trying to understand and deconstruct the economic drivers of the Australian economy, dependency on exports to China. We engage some of -- I think the best economic minds on a global basis as well as local basis in Australia to think about that and have locked away with a couple of thoughts, Shlomo. One is for 2016, unless there is an implosion that no one has ever contemplated in China, they have diversified their and their economy as such that in fact the consensus even today is the stronger GDP in Australia than 2015. The second thought I have is, they’re going to have a session eventually. You can’t define odds. I think they’re the second longest running economy in history of modern time in the world, the China had a last recession; they are going to have one eventually. The third, we’re making investment like this, we don’t make any investment for a quarter, for a year, for two to three time. This is a part of the world we want to be in. We have great partner down there now with Veda. They give us lens into so many more geographies down there beyond just Australia and New Zealand. So, it’s a generational bet, not to stay a quarter or a year bet.
Rick Smith: Yes. it’s an interesting question. I’ve not done a statistical correlation analysis between the GDP and PSOL business. So, if I gave you an answer, it would be wrong. But, I think about drivers mostly likely help individuals want to buy a PSOL product or products, it’s am I employed; am I experiencing some wage stability if not inflation; am I in the market for something, those are tied together, right, helpful in the auto industry, if I’m employed, home purchase and so on and so forth. So, I am not sure how to answer that. I’ve not done a strong correlation analysis between what economic drivers and sensitivities drive PSOL up or down.
John Gamble: Yes. The only thing I’d add is compliance and security expenses continued to tremendous growth in 2014, 2015, still more substantial investment in ‘16, but we do expect over time those are going to moderate in terms of the increases, although still be substantial. So, we should see some accretion over time related to the moderation of those curves.
John Gamble: You’ll see much larger expansion in the USIS and EWS, as you’ve seen over the past several years; should see some across PSOL and International; and then overall, we will expand, because you’re just not going to see the degradation from the last two.
John Gamble: Andrew, if you look at the last reported revenue of Veda, and then take a look at what we have just indicated, growth rate for 18 months for that to be in the high single, it’s near 10%.
John Gamble: It’s early. And obviously as the transaction closes, these numbers will be updated. But acquisition amortization right now, we’re assuming it somewhere in the neighborhood of $95 million.
John Gamble: Yes. We saw very nice growth rates in the core UK business. TDX continued to provide growth. But we saw very nice growth rates in the core UK business as well. And just to make sure everyone understands my answer. The $95 million for Veda acquisition amortization is an annualized number; it’s not the ‘16 number, it’s an annualized number.
John Gamble: If regulation continues to extend, the opportunities to expand the compliance business, so it’s not just verifiers, it’s in employer as well, both side of the business.
John Gamble: Shlomo, just a reminder, what we actually guided to on organic constant currency growth is high-end of the 6% to 8% range, so…
John Gamble: For the Company. So that’s -- it’s within that range you indicated but the guidance was high end of 6% to 8%.
