Rick Smith: Great. Thanks, Lee. Quickly before we get to Q&A, as I said just a few minutes ago, there are many uncertainties at the macro level. At the micro level, things we can control day in day out – I feel better than I have felt in three or four years. We’ve got a great set of initiatives. We’ve got innovation taking hold across to company. Lean is taking hold across the company. We have taken a tough call over the last few years to (inaudible) in line and to give us significant amount of margin when this market does turn As I look forward to the third and fourth quarter, again I am convince we all have continued improvement in our operating performance for the balance of the year. For the third quarter, specifically assuming the current exchange rates, we expect revenues to be up in the mid 12% or single-digit range from the year ago quarter. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $0.55 and $0.59 a share. And when considering the dilutive fact of our recent divestiture, which was approximately (inaudible) a share. The guidance for the third quarter consistent with our outlook for improving performance in the second half of 2010. With that, operator, we’d like to open up to any questions our audience might have.
Rick Smith: Carter, it’s truly broad-based. It’s a lot of new products that we are launching. Our collections business is going to really gain great, great traction, which is great. We continue to add more names and records to the files, which obviously gives you lift. The government business is strong. Pre-employment is starting to pick back up. So it is broad based. There is no one piece that’s driving it. It’s just the continued growth. It’s kind of an amazing story now. For the three years we’ve owned it, this thing has grown strongly for each and every quarter for three years. So I expect that to continue, Carter.
Rick Smith: We’re also introducing the Work Number to more and more customers leveraging USCIS as well as (inaudible).
Rick Smith: Yes. We’ve always done some things with ADS and I’m working with their Chairman. We have decided more things we should be doing together. And negotiating the transaction of, say, like DMS enabled their Chairman now to get closer. And I think there is broader – better days ahead in our relationship with ADS. I’ll leave it at that right now, Carter. I expect us to get a lot closer strategically with them in the coming months.
Rick Smith: That’s one way to look at it. I guess in the first quarter we’ve seen prescreen up in about two years – 2.5 years – three years. And we’re seeing that trend, by the way, continue. We expect that to continue to grow in the third quarter. When the lag effect of the mailings that we saw in late last year, possibly. More importantly, our business model is, as you know, once prescreen picks up, a lag effect plus the 45-day, you then sort of see the uptick in online, which – again, we sort of (inaudible) for the first quarter.
Rick Smith: The priorities right now from a technology perspective specific to not the infrastructure itself, but monetization of technology, I’d say, comes in two primary buckets. One, we’ve been at now for couple of quarters. It’s taking the core decisioning engines we have that are so successful here than in other parts of the world. And that is starting to pay significant dividends, be it our fraud platforms we take in UK and bring it to Canada or our innovative platform we bring from Canada here to the UK and then to Iberia, also now down (inaudible) investment heavily in new decisioning engines across Latin America. So decisioning engines and accelerating that penetration outside the US because we’ve got great penetration within the US. The vast majority of all the great banks, we have decisioning engines already installed. So it’s replicating that model outside of the US. The second area of technology we are investing heavily in is what we call database linking. We have a term that we call keystone, which is basically the ability for us to infiltrate all these very disparate databases we have real-time with very got cost efficiency to pull data together and build products faster and less expensively than we have in the past. And we’ve been at that now for about 12 months or so, and that should come to a conclusion sometime later on this year. So those are the two big things we’ve been investing in from a technology perspective. On the cross-sell, we’re hitting it out of the park, leveraging USCIS and the Work Number. And at the center of that, by the way, is our product management team building new products to disrupt the marketplace. And by the way, it goes beyond just the Work Number and USCIS. It’s now embedding that plus IXI. So if you think about the credit data, income data, employment data and wealth data, leveraging that is making a big difference in the marketplace. It’s going to (inaudible) official to have Dann Adams who has peaked in his understanding of the credit side now running TALX and getting his hands on the Work Number data and leveraging skills and knowledge of the USCIS with now Rudy Ploder leading that. So a great progress today and I think even better days ahead.
Rick Smith: Cautious. I’d say cautious at this juncture. That’s from big banks to small banks. You may have, Dave, an outlier here there who is a little more aggressive. But by and large, what you see and read in the paper is what we feel and hear as well as we talk to the CEOs and head of marketing guys at the different banks. Cautious. If you want to get back in the market, you know they got to grow smartly. And Dave, what we focus on is, when you grow, growing smartly is so important. And we think Equifax is so uniquely positioned to help them grow, because not only the credit data, with the income data, the employment data and the wealth data. So we’ve spent a lot of time with the banks helping target markets, the right people with our data assets.
Rick Smith: Strong. And when clients – every day. It’s across the whole sector; small banks, mid banks, big banks, insurance companies. So the 360 view is resonating extremely well for the customers.
Rick Smith: You’re welcome. And that’s what you’re seeing, a pickup in USCIS and seeing strong growth in TALX as well.
Rick Smith: Absolutely. The level of conversations, Shlomo, we could now have with banks is far different from we’ve ever had in the past and far different than anyone else can have right now. You can combine the look at a client making an underwriting decision, and it’s not just based upon your credit, you pass credit behavior. But are you employed? How long you’re employed? How much income do you have? How volatile is that income? How much wealth do you have? All those come into play on your ability to pay off an obligation. So our customers now have a much better way to make an underwriting decision than they ever had in the past. As a result, the result of that is all the ones we’ve been talking about now for the past X number of quarters, it’s why TALX is growing at the rate they are growing. It’s one of the reasons we are seeing significant turnaround in USCIS. It’s a core of all the new products. We’re talking for years about our NPI, core NPI, not sometimes those things we’re doing with IXI and things we’re doing with the Work Number in combination with the core credit. And there is more to be done, by the way. And starting think about our income data that we have at zip plus four level, by the way. So you can target market either digitally or otherwise much better, smarter than you could before. So if you can couple together wealth data, the zip plus four, and income data zip plus four, and the credit data zip plus four, those are things going out to do in the past. So it’s helping on the underwriting side and the marketing side.
Rick Smith: Our accounts I didn’t do business with yesterday, or accounts I did do business with yesterday, but at a lesser amount, and I’m doing more share. So we see the new customers and I met some of them I think last quarter. An insurance company we’ve never done business with, we’re now their primary provider as a result of this. Or maybe in other cases where I’m doing business with the bank and I get X dollars of revenue or X share of the revenue, now it’s gone up by some factor. So we track it very seriously and measure it every month.
Rick Smith: Yes. The trend is – the continuing trend, as we’ve said in the past, we have outperformed the index now for – I can’t remember, a number of quarters. And that trend is continuing. So its core mortgage, tri-merge, it’s the reseller channel, it’s ESS, it’s the commerce, the whole suite of products we have to offer. But let me touch on one of the things, which I think is important as well, which is not a part of your question, but Lee mentioned it. We have overwhelmed our mortgage business with lean and have taken a lot of cost out, improved processes. So you saw nice improvement in margin in the second quarter as a result of not just top line growth, but a much more attrition operation. We expect that to continue going forward as well.
Rick Smith: Yes. I expect, as I said early on, as Lee said, that the guidance we gave you over the year is that second half will be stronger than it was in the first half. Second quarter exceeded our expectations. I’m more bullish now on the outlook for the second half of the year than I was in the first half of the year.
Rick Smith: I’ll let Lee answer. I give you one caveat. Even though it was up, obviously we did perform at EPS levels.
Rick Smith: Yes, sure, Bill. (inaudible) high level. I may have mentioned this in the past. Sometime late last year, I told it was time for a quick timeout. So it’s I think important to take a look at the business process, customer experience, and see how we can improve things. We brought an outside consultant in with some really good guys kind of ripped apart the model, looked for flaws and weak points in the process we can prove. We’re focusing on the unique visitors, total visitors, churn conversion, customer experience , pricing mix. And we are now well into the implementation and we started implementing that in early first quarter, and you’re seeing the benefits of that. You’re seeing ARPU move up, you’re seeing churn improve. The churn moved significantly down over second quarter of 2009. So it’s really a combination of all those. The new leadership team there, energized team, they are doing the right thing. So I feel very good about not only the second quarter performance but the outlook (inaudible) both on top line and on margin. I guess a great job on margin performance as usual during the second quarter.
Rick Smith: You’re referring to third quarter versus second quarter?George Mihalos – Bank of America: Yes, third versus second.
Rick Smith: Yes. Very much in line – I gave you the overarching look for USCIS. You're talking about USCIS being up a bit – upper single digits. I’d expect USCIS – is your question specifically about USCIS?George Mihalos – Bank of America: Yes, specifically USCIS.
Rick Smith: Good question. If you think about that business, we combine them, but the dynamics are largely different in talent versus tax. The tax business, there is many great components of it, but a big catalyst, if you will, for growth is the trends in unemployment. And when unemployment is at a lower level, that business (inaudible). You start with obviously strong growth in 2007, 2008, 2009; slower growth in 2010. So that business in a high unemployment environment that we are in now is expected to be softening. What you’re seeing is significant growth in the talent assessment business, as some of our large customers start to rehire, and number two is a branch out, diversify the business model away from just government agencies to the public sector. So that’s where the growth engine there, the talent assessment business.George Mihalos – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. And congrats on the quarter again.
Rick Smith: I gave you some numbers in the opening comments, which I’ve since forgotten, but – the growth rate of the decisioning engine, it’s significant growth, strong – which I think was 30% growth – 31% growth in interconnect, excluding – it's important. When you look at that quarter, you exclude the data pull-through. We’ll be looking at income models. We’ll be looking at interconnect or decisioning engines can just be would be very, very misleading to you if you include data pull-through. Excluding data pull-through was up 31% (inaudible) quarter.
Lee Adrean: Yes. Carter, I would note our active records were up 4% year-over-year and our total records were up 5%. So even with flat market demand, as we have more records, we capture more revenues. Second, in addition to what we’ve done in the pure verification part of the business, our complementary services, which dovetail with the record-keeping services we are performing with verification are up nicely year-over-year. Those are things like I-9 services, W2 services, electronic time keeping. So there are several things around that whole bundle of services that continue to go well even in a soft economy.
Lee Adrean: And the contribution from acquisitions is tracking pretty consistently. I think we said it was about 4% in the first quarter, probably a consistent second quarter, which is the organic growth over prior year results.
Lee Adrean: The increase over prior quarter was a little stronger than we had planned going in, really driven by some investment decisions we make as the quarter unfolds with a little bit stronger at revenue environment. We are investing a little bit more on some IT infrastructure and support. And Rick talked about some of the underlying investments we are making that will have strong long-term paybacks as well as a bit more investment in some market-oriented growth initiatives that in the incubation period we support from our corporate expense. I would expect given a bit stronger environment we’re seeing, the range for corporate expense for the second half of the year is probably $27 million to $30 million per quarter, which is a little bit higher than our prior direction.
