Mark Begor: Thanks, John. Wrapping up on slide 15, Equifax delivered another strong quarter with 11% constant currency revenue growth, which was at the upper end of our 8% to 12% long-term revenue growth framework, reflecting the power and breadth of the Equifax business model and strong execution against our EFX2026 strategic priorities. Our very strong 20% EWS non-mortgage verifier revenue growth, 12% EWS active record growth, and strong 12.5% broad-based VI give us momentum as we enter the second-half of 2024. A big priority for 2024 is to complete our North America cloud transformation, as well as significant portions of our global markets, which will enhance our competitiveness, drive margin expansion, reduce our capital intensity, expand our free cash flow for bolt-on M&A, dividend growth, and share repurchases. Completing the USIS consumer cloud migrations in the next few weeks is a significant milestone for Equifax. We continue to expect CapEx to decrease in 2024 by about $100 million to under 8.5% of revenue with further reductions in 2025, allowing us to move towards our long-term CapEx goal of 6% to 7% of revenue as we exit next year. Entering 2025 with 90% of Equifax revenue in the new Equifax Cloud is a big milestone, so the Equifax team can move towards fully focusing on growth. Another significant EFX2026 strategic priority is to drive innovation through our investments in EFX.AI. AI and machine learning are changing the way we develop new products in our single data fabric, the way we -- and allowing us to build higher performing models, scores, and products, ingest and cleanse data, and operate our consumer care centers more effectively. We're on offense at Equifax with EFX.AI. We're entering the next chapter of the new Equifax as we pivot from building the new Equifax Cloud to leveraging our new cloud capabilities to drive our top and bottom line. We're convinced that our new Equifax Cloud, differentiated data assets in our new single data fabric, leveraging EFX.AI and machine learning, and market-leading businesses will deliver higher revenue growth, expanded margins, and accelerated free cash flow that will enable us to start returning cash to shareholders in 2025 and beyond. We remain focused on executing our long-term model, delivering 8% to 12% revenue growth with 50-plus-basis points of margin expansion annually on average over a cycle. Before I turn the call over to the operator, I'd like to thank Sam McKinstry on the Investor Relations team for his significant contributions over the past four years. Good news, Sam's staying with Equifax and is taking a position within the USIS business to further his career in finance. He's been a real asset to the IR team and the investor community. And joining the Investor Relations team from Equifax is Molly Clegg, and we welcome Molly to the IR team. With that, operator, let me open it up for questions.
Mark Begor: The savings are really in the fourth quarter and then we'll get the annualization of that next year.
Mark Begor: And Manav, I think, as you know -- I appreciate you pointing it out, this has been a long road. We started this five years ago and to be close to this finish line with 80% of our rev in the cloud in the next month or two and 90% in the fourth quarter, it's really a huge milestone. It's been a huge effort by the entire organization to run the company over the last number of years, but also do the cloud work. And we're super energized to really be pivoting to leveraging that cloud in the second-half as we complete USIS in Canada in the next couple of weeks and then really go into 2025 in a very, very strong position.
Mark Begor: Yes. We try to be balanced. I think you know that. We want to put forecast out that we know how to meet and we feel a lot of confidence in the forecast we put out. I think John and I in our prepared comments talked about some of the positives we have. We've had some challenges, you always do in a business. I think we highlighted USIS has seen some softening in the first quarter in some of their end markets and also in the second quarter. Mortgage hasn't really come back, and short of rate cuts, we don't expect that to happen in our guide. We've seen some impacts likely from the big focus in the first-half in USIS and cloud transformation. We expect those to obviously mitigate so the commercial team can be fully focused on just commercial conversations versus also commercial and cloud. EWS is performing exceptionally well. You look at the government performance, talent had a very strong quarter. Obviously, we talked about employer impacted by WOTC and some other kind of macros that will solve themselves, but likely later in the year, that will benefit 2025. But putting that all together and -- maybe just finishing with international, strong momentum there and all the businesses performing above our expectations. When we put that all together, we felt like we had the right framework in holding the year in the second-half.
Mark Begor: And maybe adding to the records point, John, is that we have real visibility as we are in July now and in the third quarter and as we look out to the fourth quarter of meaningful record additions that we're working on, and we haven't closed those yet, so we haven't added them into our discussions with you. But -- and as you know, records, when we add them, when they come online, they turn into revenue that day, because we're already getting the inquiries. That's the beauty of the of the system we have. Sorry, John. Go ahead.
Mark Begor: Yes, we're always trying to do that, as you know, and it's often not easy. Like, the WOTC change that took -- went in place last year, we just thought would be implemented by the states more quickly. Government bureaucracies sometimes move at different paces. But we think we have good visibility. We talked earlier about the records. That's one where we have high visibility on. We know who we've signed, we know when they're coming on. We have kind of those schedules. So that gives you a lot of visibility. We -- do what you would suggest or would think we do is, we handicap different macro elements and try to put our best forecast together. And I think, as you know, on mortgage, while there's maybe increased talk about a rate cut in September, we don't have that in our forecast. We wouldn't put it in our forecast. That's not our process. If that happens, that's going to be good news for the second-half. But outside of our forecast and -- as you know, we expect rates over the medium term, call it, into '25 and '26 to come down, and that's going to be a real tailwind for us on the mortgage side. So yes, we've put pluses and minuses that we think we know about into the forecast, and that's why we put it in front of you.
Mark Begor: Yes. And in talent, you have to add to it also the penetration. Remember, that's a large TAM that we have a big position in, but there's a lot of runway for growth of just converting manual -- let's use just employment verification processes. As you know, we have incarceration, we have education data and other data elements, like medical credentialing data. But just the penetration is just a huge opportunity just like government. The -- when you've got a $450 million, $500 million kind of run rate business in talent, operating in a $3 billion-plus TAM, there's just a lot of penetration opportunity. Product is a big lever also. We've got a lot of focus around new products on incarceration, on education, on different depths of employment data. We rolled out an hourly solution for hourly background screens that don't require as much employment history. So, there's a big focus there. And I know the team is working on the next chapter of combining those data elements with our goal being to have a single transaction to deliver all the data that's required for a background screen, which would include employment history, would include incarceration, education, et cetera. We signed and announced a new partnership on education that goes beyond college degrees and into high school and vocational schools. So, that's another depth of element that's a part of our second-half focus on talent.
Mark Begor: Yes, that's a heavy question. Let me take a few parts of that. When you think about government, I think, John and I both mentioned in our comments, the biggest driver in government is penetration into that big $5 billion TAM. That's really at the state agency level. And as you know, we've continued to add resources in our government team in -- at the states in order to drive that penetration. And remember, you've got multiple agencies that are using our data, and in most cases, are not using our data, they're still doing it manually, whether it's for healthcare benefits, food support, rent support, childcare support, education support, income support, there's about a dozen different social services. And I think you know the scale of the U.S. consumer base that -- or household base that receives these services. It's about 90 million Americans receiving those services. And when you think about our business, call it, roughly $800 million run rate today against that $5 billion TAM, you've got over a $4 billion really manual processing of principally income verification that we're penetrating into. So, state penetration is a big driver and we think about that as very sustainable. There's not -- there's no one-offs in there. You get embedded in their workflows and then you become a part of that process. As you point out, we did expand -- extend our CMS contract last September. So, we're still taking the benefit of the price increase that was built in there. And as you know, that's a five-year contract with annual escalators. So that's one with a lot of visibility. So there's not any kind of one-offs in there. Anything else you'd add, John? In government -- you can tell we're quite energized. Government, last quarter and now again this quarter, is the largest vertical in Workforce Solutions and it's the business with, we think, the largest runway. Your question about the long-term growth rate, it's obviously outgrowing. In the last three years, it's had a 50% CAGR. It was up 30% in the quarter, I think 35% last quarter. So it's had very strong above kind of framework growth for Workforce Solutions, in the 13% to 15% total growth. We've been clear that we expect government to outgrow our 13% to 15% framework for EWS over the long-term. So that's clearly a business that we have a lot of confidence in and we're investing a lot in because of the opportunity there. We haven't given any guidance for '25. We'll do that as we get through this year, but we've been clear that we expect it to grow faster than the rest of Equifax and faster than the rest of EWS.
Mark Begor: Yeah. And as John said earlier in one of the questions, we expect to see some benefits perhaps later in the year, but that's really going to be in '25, '26, and '27. There's no question that there's been some distraction for that team. This has been our most complex cloud transformation of the 40-year-old kind of consumer credit -- we call it, ACRO platform that we had. To be finishing it in the next couple of weeks is just a huge accomplishment and it's just taken so much bandwidth from the team to complete that. So, kind of the focus of the team is one positive that we'll have in the second-half, but you should think about that really benefiting as we get into '25 and beyond. You point out a number of really important levers. We believe the always-on stability, the ability to roll out new products more quickly just make us a more valuable partner to our customers. And we do expect to have share gains going forward. We've got some of those in flight and a lot of conversations going on. The feedback from our customers, that we've moved 99% of our customers to the cloud -- I think it's even higher than 99% as I speak today, has been outstanding. The performance, the speed, acceleration of moving the data, just the feedback is super positive. And as you know, that's one of the reasons we invested this substantial amount of money in the cloud four-plus-years ago was we believed it was going to give us a stronger competitive position with our customers. So you -- and we should start to see those benefits really in '25, but the momentum -- there should be some good guys as we get into the second-half on that. New products is another big deal. As you know, their vitality has been below our 10% goal for a number of years as they've been working on the cloud transformation. We've seen some positive acceleration in the quarter. I think there were 8% vitality and up 100 bps, which is positive. So, the team is starting to create some bandwidth for new products. And you'll see new products, really, from every element of USIS, a lot of stuff coming out from identity and compliance, which we're excited about, a lot of risk-based solutions, data combination solutions, given we have such really unique data in USIS versus our competitors, particularly in the alternative data with NC+, DataX, and Teletrack. So, a lot of traction there. Some products in marketing, leveraging our IXI wealth data have been coming out. And then the last one I'd comment on is -- I used it in my comments -- I mentioned in my comments is, with the cloud complete in EWS and now the cloud complete in USIS, we've got a big focus on delivering products that really combine TWN, our income and employment data, with the credit file. We think there's a lot of opportunities to put a flag on the credit file, for example, in mortgage, auto, P loans, so when one of our customers is pulling a credit file, they'll know that there is a individual there that's also working. That adds to the underwriting capabilities of that consumer and adds to the value of our credit file and our solution. And we're really energized about those kind of solutions that combine USIS and EWS products that will benefit both businesses, but we think make our credit file more valuable, which should drive credit file share. So that's a second-half focus on the product side, likely a 2025 implementation. So we're really energized around the always-on stability that will drive our competitive advantage, and then as you point out, the ability to roll out more new products, leveraging the USIS data, but then also bridging between USIS and EWS going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes, I'll just add again. I mentioned it earlier -- in one of the earlier comments. I think you know this, but record additions, we already have the inquiries coming. When we add the records, they turn into revenue. So it's such a powerful lever for us. And as you know, we've had really strong momentum there on records and we've signaled we have strong momentum in the second-half, and also good visibility. We don't have to do anything else, but get the records in our data set and they become revenue, because we already had the inquiries coming in from our customers. We just have higher hit rates.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question. As I commented on the last question, they've clearly been dampened with all the focus on completing the cloud. We were really energized with the momentum that they even had in the second quarter in the midst of a very heavy quarter of cloud migrations that their vitality was up 100 bps to 8%. They've been below our 10% goal for five years or six years, pick the time frame, when we increased that goal from 5% to 7% to 10% for Equifax. And we expect USIS to move to that 10% as we get into '25 and the latter part of '25, meaning they've got really good momentum there. I rattled off a whole bunch of solutions that they're working on and that they expect to roll out in the second-half. These new products take time and they were clearly hampered by the cloud transformation, and we expect that with the cloud completion in the next couple of weeks to see some increased focus. And then as I mentioned on the other -- the last question, we're also -- have a big focus. We actually have a dedicated leader and team working on the EWS, USIS products, meaning the product combinations, which we've never done before, and we think will be quite powerful and kind of only Equifax solutions that we can bring to market. We've got a dedicated team in USIS and they're going to be really putting the pedal to the metal as we finish the year. To your question about when you'll see a lot of the benefit, I think that acceleration will happen in 2025 versus the second-half, but you're going to see a positive momentum of products coming out. They may not be revenue in the fourth quarter, but they'll turn into revenue in '25 and beyond.
Mark Begor: And maybe I'd just add, John. I think we're all watching to see when the Fed's going to change rates, and we believe the positive impact that'll have on mortgage activity, we've been very clear that as that starts rolling in, that's going to be accretive to our margins in a very positive way, meaning it's going to drop through in very high incremental EBITDA levels, 70-plus, when that happens in -- likely in '25 and beyond as rates move down to some more normal level.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a whole range, as you might imagine. Use pension -- there are pension administrators that manage to find benefit pension payments, almost like a payroll processor for companies. We've signed one or two of those kind of relationships. So you think about those like a payroll processor. Those can be, call it, more chunky, meaning larger. We have direct kind of relationships around pension records and just a long runway in pension. And then there's a lot of pension records, as you might imagine, in federal, state and local government organizations, fire departments, police departments, government agencies, still have defined benefit pensions, most corporations do not, like the vast majority, but some of the legacy corporations still have that. So that's how we're going after pension, we have a dedicated group -- first off, we have a dedicated leader that works for -- our EWS leader that all they work on is records. And you may remember that's a change we made in December, to put a full-time dedicated leader. At the time, he had other tasks in EWS, and we just saw an opportunity to really continue to drive records. So, we asked him to fully focus on records. So, there's a dedicated team on pension and we have a dedicated team on 1099. We have a dedicated team on, call it, W2 or non-farm payroll partnerships, which would be payroll processors, HR software companies and others like that. And then also, remember that half of our records come from our direct relationships that we get through our employer business. So that's another important focus of ours, is we're continuing to invest in new products and capabilities to have those direct record relationships. On 1099, kind of we have a dedicated team. It's a different path that's going to some of the big Gig operators. But remember, 1099, income-producing Americans include doctors, dentists, lawyers that are self-employed and very high income. So you've got to go to like tax prep services that do their quarterly estimated taxes as a way to get some indication of their income. So, lots of different avenues that, I would say your question about, are some chunky and some more granular, the answer is, yes, it's a mix of all of the above across really all three kind of areas for focus on records. The positive we have is our scale, so we can focus on really going after those in so many different places. And we've got a big focus on it for the obvious reason because of the benefit we get. We're already receiving the inquiries. So, as we add records, we're able to translate those into revenue and give higher hit rates for our customers, which is what they're after.
Mark Begor: Yes, no change, Jeff. We're going to flow that through. We're investing and we have been, and you've followed us for a long time, you know as well. While we were doing the cloud and putting outsized investment in our tech transformation for the obvious long-term strategic reasons and competitive reasons, we've been making the right investments in '21, '22, '23, '24, in new products and other resources, commercial resources, et cetera. So we're investing the right amount to grow Equifax today, and those incremental savings from the cloud will flow through to expand our margins. Same way that we've talked about is, when the mortgage market returns, we'll let that flow through. We're not going to reinvest that. We're investing the right amounts to grow Equifax at 8% to 12% and deliver that 50 bps of kind of what I'll call ongoing operating leverage from running the company. So, as we have like mortgage market recovery or, as you point out, the cloud cost savings, those are going to flow through and they're going to allow us to not only expand our margins, but as John pointed out, with our leverage coming down, we're getting closer to that stage, which we've been after for, as you know, quite some time to start returning cash to shareholders.
Mark Begor: Yeah. As you know, EWS has been really outperforming our 10% kind of vitality goal for, gosh, almost three years now, principally after they completed the cloud, and it was a real step-up. So they've had -- really broad-based in all their verticals, focused on innovation and new products. You point out talent, where they've rolled out some products and they've got more in the pipeline. And so, there was clearly some benefit there from products that were put in place late last year and in the first-half of this year. Mortgage has got products that they've rolled out. So there's probably some benefit there. We -- while we lapped Mortgage 36, they've got some other solutions that they're bringing in. Employer, we've got a new I-9 solution called I-9 Virtual that's in the marketplace. So, that vertical is focused on new products. And government is also -- got some focus there. So we've been quite energized about EWS, call it, above framework, ability to execute on innovation. We'd expect them, over time, to move back towards the 10%, but they've been well above it for the last three years. And as we talked about, international had a good quarter on innovation and so did USIS in -- even in the midst of their cloud work.
Mark Begor: Yes. No, we're pleased. We're pleased with Boa Vista's performance. We talked about a bunch of the solutions that we're bringing there now that should benefit the second-half in '25 as we complete the integration. We're just lapping -- getting close to lapping the 12-month mark from acquiring the business, but we're well down the path on integration and rolling in our new products and bringing in our platforms, like Ignite and Interconnect and some of the other new product solutions. So, we're quite optimistic about our Boa Vista acquisition and the opportunity for growth going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes. I would say, similar to earlier question, it's broad-based. I think you're seeing the benefits of having a fully dedicated team and leader reporting to the leader of EWS, reporting into Chad. Joe Muchnick is the leader who's driving that. And I think we made that change in December and you've seen just the ability to just drive more of those strategic partnerships, which has really been quite positive. It is broad-based. We add records from individual relationships when we're doing employer solutions like I-9, UC, WOTC and other things with them. We've -- as we point out, we added four new partnerships in the quarter. We see a pipeline of those, and those partnerships are with pension administrators, they're with HR software companies, as you point out, and they're with the traditional payroll processors. And remember, when you think about the TAM, if you will, for records, there's roughly, the way we think about it, 225 million working Americans. We're north of 132 million individuals in our data set. Just a long runway for growth going forward. And we've clearly, gosh, over the last three years, five years, six years, seven years been outgrowing our framework for records over the long-term, which is kind of three points, four points of record growth per year is what we think about over the long-term. But there's just been a lot of momentum, given our focus and resources we've been putting on it.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think we tried to highlight that we've seen really for the last, call it, couple of quarters some impact from higher interest rates on auto loans dampening some of the auto credit underwriting. So -- and I would say, we don't expect that to change in the second-half and we've reflected that in our framework until rates come down.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think there's been some slight softening of, I would call it, consumer demand. Like, the consumer is still strong, outside of the subprime consumer, which we know has been impacted by inflation, which -- while it's coming down on a two-year basis, what they're buying is still a bigger part of their disposable income, whether it's groceries or fuel, it's clearly impacted the subprime consumer. It's really around the rates. We saw it in mortgage, obviously. Mortgage, we've seen the impact of higher rates really impacting the mortgage market meaningfully over the last couple of years. And I think in the last six months, we've seen that flow to a less -- much lesser degree, but obviously, a negative impact in auto where you've got payments on a car with the higher rates are just substantially higher than they were a couple of years ago, and that's impacting some level of auto purchases. I think you've seen the inventories by the car dealers increase, which is probably an indicator of consumer demand there because of higher rates. And until we see some reduction in rates, I would expect that auto would be somewhat dampened. It's a -- it's probably the one that we've seen the most of. Outside of that, I think the other verticals are kind of continuing to move along. It's not a customer impact. Our customers are still strong. Our customers are still focused on growing their businesses. I think it's more of an end user demand on the consumer side.
Mark Begor: Yeah. So I think John commented that we're at the finish line with a lot of these transformations. But when we move all our customers, there's a couple of months of overlap before we shut down the legacy infrastructure as we complete decommissioning those infrastructures. And that's still in our run rate, meaning we're still paying for those duplicate infrastructures, the new cloud and the legacy infrastructure. That will come out of '24. So we'll have full run rate in 2025, but it's delayed a couple of months because of some of the final work we're doing to complete, principally USIS, and I would say, yes, Canada is the other one that we're a few weeks behind and that pushes out those savings. So we have less benefit in '24, but we get the full benefit in '25.
Mark Begor: Yes, that's a tough one to actually put a point estimate on there. It's obviously going to be good news when the Fed cut rate -- cuts rates, principally in our mortgage vertical. I think you saw the chart in the deck that inquiries are down 50% from what we would call normal levels. We would expect that activity to recover as rates come down and you've got the kind of the macro challenges of consumers -- homeowners, better term, in a home at a 3% or 4% mortgage and likely want to upgrade or change, but are waiting to see rates come down from kind of the high-6s or that kind of range before they make that move. So, there's not a lot of inventory on the market. We would expect that to be positive going forward. And we've tried to frame for you that if you look at where we are today versus what we characterize as normal, that's $1.1 billion of incremental revenue, which is a huge number that -- we would expect, over time, that activity to go back towards normal. We'll see how it goes and, of course, how does the Fed move rates. The interest rates in the United States from the Fed are the highest, I think, pretty much in the globe today and they're 25-year high for the United States. It's -- we all believe, or we certainly believe that they will come down over time and then we'll have a big positive from the mortgage market recovery that we've been clear that will flow through our P&L and drive our margin expansion and free cash generation substantially as that comes back into our financials.
Mark Begor: Yes. And it's -- well, I don't know. We don't -- I don't think about it's hurting our margins, but we're investing for obvious reasons in what we believe is a very important growth lever for us of enhancing our scores, models, and products using AI and ML. This isn't new at Equifax, but we've been consistently increasing our focus and spend around resources and capabilities for AI. The tech transformation provides a big lever there with our own AI capabilities and then leveraging that with Google's Vertex AI. So, being in the cloud is a big positive for us. And then we've been investing in more resources and people. I mentioned that we brought on a really strong leader from the industry -- it was actually from one of our customers, that we're excited to have in the business to lead AI and ML for us. You've seen the use of AI expanding. We had a goal of 80% of our models and scores this year to be using our new AI and ML. And I think we're at 89% in the quarter, so north of our goal, which is a good thing. As we move forward, we will move to 100%, right? That's where we're heading. So this is a big lever, and it's one of the pillars of our EFX 2026 strategic priorities, is to really leverage. And what it's going to deliver for our customers is just higher-performing solutions. They're going to be more predictable. They'll help them drive higher approval rates at lower losses, or higher identity validations in our identity businesses. We're super energized and the ability to have all of our data in a single data fabric and to have the Equifax cloud substantially complete as we finish up in the next number of weeks in the USIS, that gives us big, big opportunities to really take our product capabilities and really charge them with AI and ML. So we're super-excited about this as a priority going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes, no change in the second-half from the first quarter. As you know, there's a small portion of the credit card space that's in subprime that's went through a cycle in, really, '22 and '23, where there was some dampening there because of credit risk exposure with the subprime consumer. That's flattened out, meaning they're kind of at a run rate level. So, that is behind us. And then in the prime/near-prime, it's still a good business for us and we don't see any real changes there.
Mark Begor: We do. Again, you go from -- kind of take second-half, take 2025, the consumer is strong, they're working. If you think about prime/near-prime consumers, they're -- have -- they have wage growth and they have balance sheet growth from the equity markets. We've all seen the spending behavior from, broadly, the U.S. consumer base kind of post-COVID is very strong. So, that's a good outlook, and our customers are strong. They have strong balance sheets and these are important businesses for them that they want to keep growing. So they're spending money on marketing and they want to originate. And then for us, if we can continue to deliver differentiated solutions that help them grow their businesses faster, that's going to be a good thing for USIS in the card space and along the rest of FI.
Mark Begor: Yes. In LATAM, the principal driver in there is outside of Brazil. Brazil had a good quarter, and we do expect over the medium and long-term to continue to grow that business well, but it's still early days in Brazil. But strong performance in really most of the markets in Latin America, driven by new products and innovation, Argentina, Chile, a lot of the markets where we have strong leadership positions in those markets. But if you go across the rest of International, U.K. CRA was very strong. U.K. debt management was very strong. Those are growing kind of above market in U.K., particularly CRA, had another very good quarter and likely some share gains in that market. Canada was just above mid-single-digits, which was a very good performance. Australia, below where we would like them to be, but we expect them to recover as it moves forward. But product -- new products, a very positive driver across International as they're driving innovation.
Mark Begor: Yes. So from a credit conditions, we see the consumer continuing to be strong. Employment is high, unemployment is low. That's always a positive for underwriting when the consumers are working. Broadly, credit scores are still strong. I think we've talked before with you and others about the impact of subprime, but that's kind of flattened out from the declines we saw in '22 and '23. And another thing that we think a lot about on credit conditions is the strength of your customers, meaning other financial institutions, and they're broadly very strong. So those elements are very good. The one area -- two areas, obviously, we're seeing impact on consumer demand because of rates is clearly mortgage has been substantial, which we've talked at length about, and then we're seeing some impact in auto.
Mark Begor: Yes. As you know, we have four really principal levers in EWS, records is one. And as you point out, it's been very strong, which we're pleased with. Price is one. As you know, we don't disclose price but it's one lever. You should think about, George, that we have substantial benefits from penetration, meaning penetrating into new verticals. I think we've talked about that in Government and Talent and others. And then product is a big deal, bringing new solutions that deliver more value to our customers, meaning whether it's multiple data solutions or more historical data, those are generally at a different higher price point because they're bringing more value. But those four levers over the long-term, we think about as being equally weighted in the 13% to 15% and then add some market on top of that, meaning market growth. That's how you get to the 13% to 15%. So we're really energized to have those strong levers. When you think about EWS, clearly, the records -- ability to add records is very unique to that business and most data businesses. So it's a lever that we don't have in other businesses. I would argue penetration is also one that we don't have in other businesses. We don't compete with manual in other businesses. We generally compete with competitors like TU and Experian competing with manual is one that gives us the opportunity to add real value from a productivity standpoint, as well as the speed and accuracy standpoint of instant data that comes from EWS.
John Gamble: Yes, I don't think we're going to get into 2025 guidance, but in terms of third quarter and fourth quarter, we've baked in the cost savings related to the North American consumer businesses completing transformation in the third quarter and beginning their decommissioning, and we've done the same thing with regard to Spain and some other movements we've talked about in Mark's script in the fourth quarter. So when I talk about...
John Gamble: Absolutely. As we talked about in the bridge from third quarter to fourth quarter, a significant portion of those savings, as Mark said, really gets in the fourth quarter, because the transformations and the completion of the transformations and beginning to be decommissionings don't start until later in the third quarter.
John Gamble: No, Mark's already talked quite a bit about the distraction from transformation that does recover in the third quarter. We start to come out of that right, but again we're just finishing transformation in the quarter. So you're not going to see a lot of benefit in the third quarter. You don't start to see that till fourth quarter and really next year. You are starting to see NPI improvements in USIS. But again, those are not going to really accelerate until you get to the fourth quarter and next year.
John Gamble: Yes. So just as an overarching statement, right? It's important to remember that EWS verifier is benefiting in the second-half, really significantly related to record additions, right? They've done an outstanding job with adding new partners. We had a significant partner come online very late in the quarter. And we -- as Mark said, we added four more. We added a substantial number in the first-half. Those records are coming online, and that drives a substantial amount of revenue in the second-half.
John Gamble: No problem. And as you get into fourth quarter, obviously, what you're seeing from third quarter to fourth quarter is there's some traditional strength generally from third quarter to fourth quarter in talent, right? Just because of seasonal hiring in I-9, because of seasonal hiring where we do onboarding for companies. We generally see some strength in banking and card, around CLIs. And then importantly, in CMS, ACA sign-ups start in the fourth quarter. So we generally see nice growth in government going into the fourth quarter. And then you layer on top of that the strength in records, and that's what gives us confidence that we're going to see good performance as we go through the back half of the year in verifier non-mortgage. Mortgage, we've talked about, I think that's been covered. And employer, what we're seeing is, as we get into the fourth quarter, the significant impact of ERC that we saw through the first nine months of the year, we wrap around the decline that occurred in the fourth quarter of last year. So employer revenue on a year-over-year basis, the growth rate will be substantially better. As we said, we expect to be flat to slightly up relative to the declines that we've been seeing, and that's principally driven by the fact that we saw a big decline in ERC in the fourth quarter of '23. So, I'd say that's why we feel good about the way EWS is trending and the opportunities to drive the revenue growth we're talking about.
John Gamble: And as Mark referenced and we talked about in the script, right, I mean, obviously, we know third quarter to fourth quarter requires a lot of execution. But we have a lot of confidence in the way the teams are executing right now and it's around completing the transformations. We think we have very good visibility into how that's going to complete and the timing.
John Gamble: And in the second quarter, we saw very nice growth out of the insights portfolio -- incarceration, as Mark referenced, helping us drive the talent growth rate. So that was a nice growth area for us in the second quarter.
John Gamble: Yes. And in terms of 2024, just looking at sequential trends, right, I think the sequential trends we're seeing in the second quarter were good and strong. And third quarter and fourth quarter, I think, are very consistent with what we've seen in the past. And specifically, the -- as we referenced, the growth we're expecting into the fourth quarter is heavily driven by CMS and the fact that ACA starts in the fourth quarter, and every year, we see a pop in revenue from that agreement with CMS, in 4Q and then again in 1Q.
John Gamble: The only thing I'd add is, we're also seeing nice growth in the use of Ignite in pre-screening and Ignite by our customers. That's important, because that's also the platform in which we're deploying our proprietary and then also Vertex AI. So we're making that available to our customers, and it allows us to expand and -- expand the use that we have substantially. So we feel very, very good about the fact that we're seeing accelerating adoption of Ignite in the marketplace with our customers using it directly and with us developing products internally.
John Gamble: Just in terms of how we expect EWS mortgage to perform relative to inquiries, right, as we talked about, a lot of our improvement in the second-half is driven again by records, right? So, Mark talked a lot about the fact that we've done a really nice job of adding new partners, and we're adding a significant number of records, a lot of them boarded late in the second quarter. So we are expecting to see revenue benefits in EWS from record additions, from the records that were added at the end of the second quarter and also the record we're going to add throughout the rest of this year. And that's really the big driver.
John Gamble: Yes. We're also looking -- we're also expecting some benefits from new products. I think we've mentioned that in the past, some marketing products that we're trying to put in place earlier in the approval funnel. So, we're going to continue to work on NPI in EWS mortgage, but the big driver certainly in the second-half of 2024 is driven by the strong performance and records in the first-half of 2024, as well as what we expect to continue to do in the rest of this year.
John Gamble: Yes. So, in terms of 2025 EBITDA margins, we'll give you guidance on that as we get into 2025. But as we've been talking about, and Mark talked about the fact that we expect, on a long-term model, 50 basis points of improvement per year. And we do expect to see nice improvement in margins as we get into 2025. In terms of an exact level, we'll talk more about that as we get into next year.
John Gamble: Now, in the second-half, we've assumed it narrows and that they tend to trend -- they're going to trend together. Now, again, that's based on our expectation. It's also based on the trends we're seeing today, right? So, as we just run out the trends for the rest of the year and apply seasonality, separately, it looks like the movement in USIS credit inquiries and in TWN inquiries, should move on a percentage basis year-on-year similarly, right? So we'll have to see, right? I mean, we have been surprised in the past, where sometimes the shopping behavior continues longer than we expect. But right now, it looks like it's starting to narrow and we can also see it analytically.
John Gamble: Yes. So if we take a look at Kount and Midigator together, what we saw actually was, let's call it, the fraud part -- portion of the business performed better. We continue to see growth. We saw a little bit of weakness in chargeback management, which is, let's call, the Midigator part of the business, right? So we're expecting -- we've launched a lot of new products and platforms now in Kount, right? Kount 360 is now live. We're expecting to see that platform take hold. So we're expecting to see improved performance as we move through the rest of this year around Kount. And then around chargeback management, as we integrate chargeback management into the Kount 360 platform, we would expect to see some improvement there as well. So -- but I'd say that what we're seeing -- and it's a good news on the margin front, because the fraud business has better margins. We're seeing a little bit of performance in fraud, and given the launch of new products, our expectation is that the area will see improved performance first as we go through the rest of the year.
John Gamble: We did. We have the -- it's -- it was in Brazil, right? And there's -- there was a substantial flooding in the South of Brazil and it certainly impacted our business, although our Brazil business has actually performed fairly consistently with the plans we put in place when we started the year. So...
John Gamble: Meaning incarceration that's used in background checks, and we also started to see some growth around some education products. So, generally speaking, as we talked about last quarter, January and February are very weak in terms of hiring. What we saw was weaker-than-normal and then we saw a recovery in March and we got a little better performance in the second quarter because of that recovery also in our normal income and employment products, but also because we saw nice performance from some of the other products that we use that support the talent market.
John Gamble: And when you think about spending, like a significant amount of our capital spending is around getting data into fabric to make it available easily across all of our businesses, which dramatically accelerates AI and ML. So, compare our spending to what other companies talk about in AI and ML, you would probably need to include a bunch of the transformation spending we're doing, because we're doing data normalization in a way that other companies have to do, but we're doing it as part of our ongoing process improvements. So we're spending substantially on AI and ML.
John Gamble: Yes. Banking and lending, we said, has been growing kind of mid-single-digits, a little higher in the first, a little lower in a second. But that's what it's looked like in the first-half. So we think relatively good performance there.
John Gamble: Yes. Toni, we would characterize it as much consistent with the guidance we gave, right? Slight up to slight down is pretty close to the same thing. So we think we were very consistent with the guidance we gave. I can't point to anything specific, right, as to why there would be a small variances between where it came in and what we said. But overall, it was fairly consistent with what we expected, which is what gives us some comfort that as we go through into the second-half of the year that we're going to see the improved performance that we expect because, again, we talked about it multiple times because of records, right? So we feel good about that.
John Gamble: And we -- gave full-year guidance. So again, I think we gave a perspective on where we expect the year to come in. We expect International to perform well. We expect LATAM to perform well, not quite as strong as the second quarter, but still the rest of the year should be good.
