Lee Adrean: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll be referring to the financial results from continuing operations generally presented on a GAAP basis. You should also refer to the Q&A and non-GAAP reconciliations attached to our earnings release for additional financial information. For the third quarter, we delivered strong results both in terms of revenue growth and operating performance. Compared to the same quarter in 2010, for the third quarter of 2011, consolidated revenue of $490 million was up 3.5% on a reported basis and 8% when Brazil is excluded from both years. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, revenue was up 2.5% on a reported basis or 7% excluding Brazil. Operating margin was 24.8% compared to 23.3% for the third quarter in 2010. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Equifax was $0.54 a share, up 11% from the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of acquisition-related intangible amortization, adjusted earnings per share attributable to Equifax was $0.65 a share, up 8% from $0.60 in the third quarter of 2010. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares of stock for $44 million. Moving to the individual business units, U.S. Consumer Information Solutions revenue was $202 million, up 4%. Online Consumer Information Solutions revenue was $136 million, up 6% as online credit decision volume trends continue to improve. Per quarter, online volume was up 9%, again reflecting the value of our decisioning solutions for a variety of applications, particularly in the face of modest loan growth. Mortgage Solutions revenue of $32 million was flat compared to the third quarter a year ago for mortgage reporting was down from the very strong quarter a year ago as mortgage application volumes declined, while Settlement Services was up nicely for the quarter as we continue to increase market penetration. The Mortgage Bankers Application Index was down 2% from the third quarter of 2010. Consumer Financial Marketing Services revenue was $35 million, up 3%, and the operating margin for our total U.S. Consumer Information Solutions business was 36.6%. Our International business units' revenue was $119 million. Excluding Brazil, following our deconsolidation in the second quarter, reported revenue grew 17% and local currency or constant dollar revenue both was 12%. By region, Latin America's revenue was $45 million. Excluding Brazil, reported revenue grew 18% in U.S. dollars and 16% in local currency. Local currency revenue growth was broad-based, as all major product lines delivers double-digit growth. Europe's revenue was $41 million, up 16% in U.S. dollars and up 11% in local currency. Contributors to the growth include Consumer and Commercial Information, Personal Solutions and Workload, an investment asset information company in the U.K. which we acquired earlier this year. Canada Consumer Information revenue was $33 million, up 16% in U.S. dollars and 9% in local currency. All product lines contributed to the growth in the quarter, with Technology and Analytical Services delivering double-digit growth, with Fraud Services being the key contributor. Overall, our International operating margin was 29.3%, up from 25.2% in 2010. TALX revenue was $103 million for the quarter, up 4%. A decline in mortgage activity was more than offset by approximately double-digit growth in the non-mortgage customer segments in the acquisition of Data Vision. The Work Number, with revenue of $57 million, was up 4% for the quarter. Double-digit growth in consumer finance, pre-employment and government sectors and the acquisition of Data Vision helped to offset the double-digit decline in mortgage. Tax and Talent Management Services revenue was $46 million, up 4%. The TALX operating margin was 23%, up modestly from Q3 in 2010. North America Personal Solutions revenue was $46 million, up 14%. New products, pricing, volume growth and product mix all contributed to the strong growth during the quarter. Direct-to-consumer branded subscription revenue growth was strong, up 21%, driven by double-digit growth in subscribers and healthy growth in average revenue per subscriber, reflecting a shift toward more feature-rich premium offerings. Operating margin for our Personal Solutions business was 32.8% from 31.9% in the third quarter of 2010, largely benefiting from the improved pricing and product mix. In our North America Commercial Solutions business, revenue was $22 million, up 18% on a reported basis and 16% in local currency, driven by strong double-digit growth in Commercial Risk and Marketing Data Management Services in the U.S. The operating margin for our Commercial business was 23.6% compared to 17.9% in the year-ago quarter. Corporate expenses were down $700,000 year-over-year or 2%. Now, let me turn it over to Rick.
Lee Adrean: No, I think the margins in that business will move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter because it's a relatively small business and some relatively small expenses can cause that margin to shift, but we think that is sustainably in a low 20s moving toward the mid-20s.
Lee Adrean: No, I think it's pretty much been trending as it has the last few quarters, down a couple of points. That includes in it the fact that in the recession, margin -- the mix improved a little bit, it's returning to a more normalized mix. But I think the trends are pretty much as they have been for some years.
Lee Adrean: Yes, I mean, the tax rate moves in a range that's probably anywhere from 34% to 38%, depending on various items that may occur. I would expect we're probably in the lower half of that range. I don't expect us to be at the very top end of that range. We're about 36.1%, and I would expect we'd be in that level or maybe slightly lower.
Lee Adrean: Jaime, I would add one thing. The fourth quarter last year was a little bit weaker seasonally than our typical pattern. The -- so, I'd just be a little careful. We think we're going to have a very strong fourth quarter as we get into next year, probably not continuing pushing the double-digit rates, but it was only a few quarters ago, people were wondering if we can even grow this business anymore, and we're very confident...
Lee Adrean: Mortgage was -- yes, if you break out the cost dollar growth contributions, core non-mortgage was about 7%. Acquisitions added about 1.5 points but mortgage, comparison to prior year, which had a very strong refinancing spike, took away about 1.5 points; fourth quarter, more acquisition contributions, slightly higher, might be about 2%.
Lee Adrean: No, the increase in International was essentially a function of -- you take out the Brazilian revenue. And as we've said before, because of the investments we were making in Brazil, that was operating at a near-breakeven. You just pull out that revenue, that had about a 400-basis-point impact on International, and about 100-basis-point impact on the company. 50 basis points was improvement then spread across the remainder of the company.
Richard F. Smith: Okay, thanks, Lee. Our business continues to perform very well in this sluggish economy because we worked aggressively to diversify our revenue base during the past few years, capitalizing on our core competencies of unique data, leading-edge analytics and high-value decisioning platforms. As a result, we are now less dependent on traditional consumer-based lending activities we'd ever been in the past. That now represents that 30% -- approximately 30% of our revenue. We've also increased our penetration in new segments, such as telco, utility industries. We expanded our geographic footprint in Latin America, Russia and India. We acquired new data assets that enable us to participate in a much broader range of decisioning. We've ingrained NPI into our DNA, such that every business unit is continuously innovating to ensure that we have the most competitive high-value solutions for our customers. So to wrap this up before we go to Q&A, for the fourth quarter, assuming current exchange rates and excluding Brazil, we expect revenue growth from continuing operations to be between 8% and 10%, operating margins will be in the range similar to the third quarter, representing solid growth over operating margins in the fourth quarter 2010. And with that, adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.65 and $0.68 a share. Given our strong performance today and my outlook with the fourth quarter, we'll end 2011 much stronger and better positioned than we entered this year. Our early read as we look at 2012 is that we assume no economic improvement with geographies in which we operate around the world. But with that, it's knowing how well we're executing on our growth initiatives across the businesses, we expect 2012 will perform at levels equal to or better than the performance levels of 2011. And, obviously, a lot more to come on that, but I want to give an early read. At this juncture, I remain confident that 2012 is shaping up to be a very good year for us as well. And when we're back together giving you the fourth quarter results, obviously we'll give you a great insight to the year at that time. So with that, operator, we'd like to open up for any questions our guests might have.
Richard F. Smith: I am very involved. I was just down there, David, meet with the team, very pleased with the progress. Everything right now is focused on integration, number one. Exchanging of new product platforms, we can help them accelerate growth. It's going to be under the covers for a period of time until we get this thing fully integrated, so there will be no real metrics you can -- you'll see on the outside. But it is our intent, as soon as we think that it makes sense, to increase our investment and take control of the asset, we'll do so, but a lot of work to be done.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, let me see if I could give you a little texture there. Well, I'm highly confident for those numbers I've mentioned, and the reason being, I'd give you a couple of anecdotes of where we've taken some share in the marketplace, signed some very, very large new contracts, those are now behind us, so revenues start to come in the door, that's number one. Number two, Decision 360 is hitting on all cylinders right now in the marketplace. It was not actually just taking market share, in that case, it's creating new demand for applications that never existed. Number three, we talked, I think it was last quarter or maybe the quarter before, about the positive telco database. That's starting to really run full speed. I mentioned a $22 million in contracts signed. So that, and then NPI is significant across the board for USCIS. You get a little lift in things like auto. I saw some core market growth as well in auto, but mostly, it was internally generated growth.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, fourth quarter will show expanded margin versus the -- versus a year ago. Also remember this, that I'm more bullish now than I've been for quite some time on growth overall. With the USCIS, we're making some investments here. I mean, get that [indiscernible] database, for example, up and running, and that could be a significant revenue contributor in the future. That requires some investment, so we're investing to sustain and further accelerate the growth in our business as well.
Richard F. Smith: Now that, well, I think I said $22 million, I think, but it's $22 million next year. So contracts we signed this year, that will deliver that revenue in 2012.
Richard F. Smith: Our philosophy, in general terms, is to compete on value, not on price, and that applies to North America Commercial as well.
Richard F. Smith: No, the NCTUE+ and Decision 360 does just for the U.S. I mean, we've got growth going on PSoL and North America Commercial Solutions and International as well, but those will be 2 nice growth drivers for USCIS next year.
Richard F. Smith: I think I'm not going to give a lot more outlook at this point in time. I typically don't even talk about 2012 as we're wrapping up the third quarter of 2011. Just want to give you some insight that I'm confident in this model for next year, it's is going to be a growth business, and I would think we're going to be in this range if not expanding margins in the future.
Richard F. Smith: Every time we go to try to either expand the pie or share shift business, it's based upon value. And centered on value, at least in the U.S. and it's not data 360, try to expose them to different data assets we have and intrigue them with that. So it's the TALX number, the Work Number in TALX, the IXI and now NCTUE+, and that's what happened here as well.
Richard F. Smith: It's roughly a vitality lead jump, and the vitality mix for this year is 10%, which is roughly $200 million.
Richard F. Smith: No and yes. Well, we did a couple of not really small nice tuck-in acquisitions in Latin America. We like the talk about, I think it was the first quarter we did the -- that IXI-like business over in the U.K., so it is balanced. I think my focus really is on organic growth, to be honest, Dan, and then where we can have some nice small tuck-in acquisitions, we'll do those. So it's a --
Richard F. Smith: Well, again, I told you the core non-mortgage organic growth is 7% for the quarter, yet mortgage actually was down. Contributions are down.
Richard F. Smith: Well, a couple things. I'd -- by the way, the margin we got out of USCIS for the quarter is largely in line with what Lee and I expected, but I'm not sure if we had communicated something different or your models had showed something different. But, yes, we're making investments as we talked and reported the telco exchange. And as the ESS business which, as you know we have, and USCIS grows, it's a lower-margin business, it grew in the fourth quarter a little faster than the overall USCIS did. And it's also by the way one of the things you'll see in the fourth quarter. It's going to grow, it being ESS, at a faster rate than the rest of USCIS as well. So it was in line with our expectations.
Richard F. Smith: You're right. There's 2 things. Thank you for catching that. Two things that are slightly different than we gave guidance: One, I just alluded to in the last question, is that ESS is now growing at a faster rate than we had anticipated. We had nice wind in ESS since we've last talked, and that margin is at a lower rate than the company average, so that puts a little drag on it; and then secondly, at the time we last talked about margin outlook, the couple of small acquisitions we just announced were not in my calculation. That puts a little drag on the early quarters. Those are 2 little headwinds in the -- on the fourth quarter. But the core business itself, if you exclude those 2, will be in a range I just mentioned compared to what I mentioned last time.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, we continue to look where it makes sense strategically for us long-term in all parts of the world. I described the M&A pipeline as strong now, more in the realm of tuck-ins than large transformational deals. But we're looking at most countries you could possibly imagine that have growing middle class population, data privacy laws that's -- are favorable to our kind of business model. Nothing imminent this juncture but we continue to be very aggressive where it makes sense.
Richard F. Smith: On the sizable deals, they've got to be good companies. Unfortunately, most of the sizable deals either on the market or potentially coming on the markets don't make sense for us at this juncture. They're just not really solid companies. I'm not going to buy a troubled company just because it's a good price.
Richard F. Smith: If you think about our largest -- probably just thought of [ph] caveat that I had used before, and that isn't there's no economic improvement globally but there's no significant decline economically in any environment, so it's just kind of status quo. So if they were in massive double-dip recession in Europe, that would have some variance. But as I sit here now, I don't want to spend much more time looking into '12. But as I sit here now looking at the European footprint, Julio, I feel very confident in the growth initiatives we have in the U.K., in Iberia, with a lot of good results in the fourth quarter and good results in 2012. I wouldn't have said that we are confident in the overall growth rates for the company level in 2012 unless I was confident that each of the geographies aggregated together, would give us this kind of results. So Europe will be okay next year as long as there's no significant recession.
Richard F. Smith: No, I don't -- I'm not counting on it. When you think about HARP one, I think that we claimed at the time that was announced $5 million to $6 million refinancing, I think it is somewhat $840,000, relatively insignificant. Also, HARP, it depends on the documentation which is a bit nebulous or unknown. At this time, what documentation do they need and they're not going to need a credit file and they may need to verify employment income and that's about it. So it's not a driver in my 2012 outlook. It's things like the telco database we talked about, things like Decision 360, it's the continuation of NPI, it's the accounts that we have won this year that will continue to give us this growth next year that I've alluded to earlier.
Richard F. Smith: Sure, but that's been a big part of Dann's focus. It's become what's dependent on mortgage, so things like collection have seen great growth. The government sector has gained great growth, entering now into the card market, there's been great growth, auto market is next. So it's taking where we have great presence, knowledge and working relationships in the USCIS business and now bringing Dann and the TALX, the Work Number team into those channels.
Richard F. Smith: Well, that's if you believe my customer needs are static and the competition is static was not at all true. So my customer needs continues -- to grow and expand and need different solutions today than they needed yesterday. Conversely, if I get different data assets to solve problems for them today that they couldn't solve yesterday, by helping them greatly. Secondly, competition will not sit still. Competitions, they're smart, and they will always find ways to mimic or mirror what I've done in the marketplace with our unique data assets. So with a dynamic environment, I'm going to continue to look at data assets that I think add value to my customers, help them solve problems, help them grow and help us grow. So -- but you have to understand, if you think about financial model, it is by and large driven by organic growth initiatives. We've always talked that 1 to 2 points over time, coming from M&A, the rest coming from organic. That holds true today, that will hold true tomorrow, we're going to be a company centered on organic growth primarily to where it makes sense to augment it with acquisitions.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, let's see anything out there with that kind of level. We will always look at those but that's -- I don't see those kind of transformational deals on the radar screen right now.
Richard F. Smith: I'd like to think eventually as mailings go up, consumers actually are extended credit and it trickles down from CMS to online. We haven't seen -- that is the traditional model, typically maybe 45 or 60 days later, after the mailing volume increases, you see a nice uptick in online. That trend has not repeated itself during this recovery period. So -- but having said that, I just gave you, I think, a very strong outlook for USCIS in the fourth quarter, so hopefully that helps.
Richard F. Smith: Okay, I'd like to thank everybody for their participation, and we'll be available if there are any additional questions. Thank you.
