Mark Begor: Yeah. Toni, I'll start and then John can jump in. We were pleased with the kind of sequential improvement in USIS broadly, and then, of course, in non-mortgages we went through the quarter, particularly a shelter in place orders were listed and economic activity improved. So that was a positive. We just wanted to point out there's still real uncertainties in the marketplace. We've seen markets like Florida, and Texas and California that it had some of the recent COVID spikes from our online volumes, seeing some impact on that. It's not meaningful, but it's not continuing the sequential trend. So we really just wanted to point out that we expect some uncertainties going forward. One of the other positives that I pointed out a couple of times is the fact that the USIS new deal pipeline in their win rate continue to grow through the second quarter off of the first quarter and off of last year. And for us, that's probably the most important element. It's quite challenging to forecast the economic outlook. But seeing Workforce Solutions accelerate their new product rollouts, and really winning in the marketplace competitively is quite positive for us as we think about the third quarter.
Mark Begor: Just -- make one last point Toni is that the biggest challenge right now is when will our customers restart marketing. And we've seen some increased activity from a below 2019. But there's just so much uncertainty for our customers around the consumer and the economy. Many of them have pulled back on marketing. In counter to that, we've seen a significant increase in activity and dialogues around portfolio management, which is typical in an economic downturn. A lot of resource is shift to managing the backlog, managing existing customers, managing credit lines. So we've got that positive going in marketing. When will our customers get comfortable to market again, I think, is the big question, and I think there's a lot of uncertainty on that.
Mark Begor: Yes. You get the two items that are very strong, obviously. UC claims is high incremental margin as is the growth in verification, so both of those are driving our margins. We've got -- as you know, revenue growth broadly in our business and in Workforce Solutions, incremental revenue growth delivers very, very high incremental margins, which is driving that. And the other thing of workforce that we pointed out that we were pleased with is how we outgrew the mortgage market. That really is a reflection of the power and the weakness of the data assets they have and the multiple levers we talked about on the June call with Workforce Solutions.
Mark Begor: Yes. We've talked, Kevin, before. I think you're talking about the fact that we go to market as one Equifax with our customers. And as you know, USIS sells to all of our financial institutions, the USIS credit products as well as the Workforce Solutions' verification product. So that kind of bundled approach to our customers, we think is a smart way to go-to-market. It gives us the ability to incent our commercial team to sell a full Equifax solution. It gives us the ability to leverage product positions on both the credit and verification side when we're in discussions with customers. And so we're clearly seeing the ability seeing the ability to approach customers with a broad Equifax solution that would include credit data, wealth, and employment data, our NTT data and then, of course, our verification data from Workforce Solutions and bundled solutions in many cases, which we think is attractive for Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes. We've been consistently talking about this, Kevin, for the last couple of years. That was our expectation that the cloud transformation would allow us to accelerate the ability to get more new products to market and also getting the product to market more quickly and we're starting to see that. The good news is we're already -- really in the last six months as we've gotten deep into the cloud transformation, we've been able to roll out new products and we talked about this on the April call. We're putting new products in the marketplace that we couldn't do two years ago because of the single-data fabric, our ability to combine data assets, our ability to ingest new solutions, having a simpler application infrastructure, speeding up our ability to bring products to market. And we're excited about starting to see the early benefits of that. And we do believe those benefits will accelerate, meaning our ability to do more new products in the future. And you're seeing that as we go from 60 products to 90 last year to over 100 this year. And our goal, and we're putting resources around it to really leverage our massive investment in the cloud transformation for both data and our technology to accelerate our new products rollouts in 2021 and 2022. I think as you know, that's a real fuel for growth in our industry and for Equifax. So we've got a really big focus on it, we've brought some great new talent in, we're going to add resources and people against it in the second half, because we really look at new products as being the next chapter for Equifax around driving our growth and really leveraging our cloud, data and technology transformation.
Mark Begor: Yeah. It's all of the above. I think you've got -- we've got not a new leader anymore, but since he’s been on the ground now for 18 months. He really remade the commercial organization that's been in place for six months. There's a real increased focus commercially in the marketplace. So I think that's positive number one. The pipelines are a combination of new products. When you go from 60 to 90 and then towards 100, there's just more opportunities for his team to bring new solutions to our customers. The pipeline growth, we also believe that is from the COVID response products that we've rolled out. This is a -- we tried to highlight on the call earlier; this is a really unprecedented time for our customers. And the value of data broadly for all of us in the industry is even more valuable. And actually, if you go back to 2008-2009, they're just more options for our customers to use data and manage in recession. So I think that's driving all of our capabilities in our conversations with our customers. And then there's no question, we talked about our win rates being up on a year-over-year basis. We're clearly more competitive in the marketplace. There's -- the overhang that was perhaps here a year ago from the cyber event, we believe, is way behind us. And we're really just focused on a normal node, that I would call it a fairly aggressive mode in the marketplace to really support our customers in this challenging time.
Mark Begor: Yeah. We have a very standard rigorous process around what is the new product, it's got to be new. And we've been -- had a consistent process. John, I think, for five-plus years…
Mark Begor: …on how we define new products and we try to be transparent with you and others about our new product rollouts because of the importance to our future growth. We think they're quite accretive to the future. And that's why we're doubling down on people and resources to really leverage the cloud transformation. I know there was a framework in the past in our financial framework around the contribution of new products to our revenue growth. As you know, we don't have a financial framework in place today. So, we probably don't want to talk about how we think about that. But I hope you appreciate the focus that I have and we have around new products because we believe it's a really important lever for growth that is going to be accelerated by our call transformation. When you think about why did we do the cloud transformation, there's a lot of reasons. One for sure is to accelerate our topline and the way to accelerate your topline from the cloud transformation is to bring new solutions to market more quickly and more creatively and we believe more uniquely than our competitors. And that's the focus that we have with the cloud. And of course, you get all the cost and cash benefits that John talked about that will start rolling in, in 2021 and 2022 as we complete the execution of the cloud transformation.
Mark Begor: Yes. There's no question. Our international margins are lower than our U.S. margins. We have just so much scale in Workforce Solutions in USIS, as you know, versus many of our smaller markets. And some of that is going to be structural, just given the scale of those businesses. We do believe the cloud transformation is going to be accretive to that, improve those margins. And of course, we're focused on other actions and we have been. This isn't new on other actions and we have been. This isn't new to improve those margins, whether it's from new products or incremental growth. And the biggest way to improve margins internationally is topline growth because of the incremental margin impact that comes from that topline growth. And of course, they were impacted most significantly in the second quarter because of the depth and breadth and how severe the lockdowns were. And of course, many of our international markets are still in lockdown.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think as you know we talked about this many times, our competitors are much stronger in Fintech. That's been a priority focus of our team since I joined two years and change ago. We had two years a handful of people covering Fintech. And today, we've got, I think, 15 or 16. So, it's a clear focus. We've more than tripled our commercial resources in the last couple of years. We see it as an opportunity. We're having wins there. I talked about in my notes that we had two U.S. Fintech customers at Ignite in the second quarter. So, we're actively engaged with Fintech. And Fintech is a couple of hundred million dollars space in the U.S., growing faster than the core market. It's actually a bit more impacted in COVID recession right now than the broader market, but it's a space that we want to be bigger in, and we're focused on.
Mark Begor: Yes. You have two different questions there, David. First on the government revenues, from our perspective are unrelated to Vice President Biden's and Senator Sanders proposal. And our government revenues are really at for social services, so our government revenues won't be impacted. And as you might imagine, we think the current credit bureau system in the U. S. well serves consumers and publishers. There's plenty of competition between the large three credit bureaus. We don't see a need for what was outlined in that proposal. We would suspect it's perhaps more positioning in an election cycle versus something that would have broad bipartisan support. And if you look around the globe, the few global markets where there is a government credit bureau, over time, either they've been privatized or private credit bureaus have operated against next to them. So we think the system in the United States today serves the market extremely well in a very competitive way.
Mark Begor: Yeah. I think that's a tough question, too, David. Equifax, we're spending $1 billion a year in technology in 2020, and we have for a long time to go to the industry. This is an extremely complex set. There's trillions of records, there's thousands and thousands of contributors. It will be a very long road. And again, from our perspective, that may be a reason why there wouldn't be bipartisan support for it. I think the broader perspective on why there would be bipartisan support as the system works today. It services the industry well, it services consumers well, there's great transparency. And if you look at the increase in alternative data, there's just more opportunities to support consumers, which is really what I believe Vice President Biden is focused on is how do you ensure that credit access to those that need it is available in the marketplace. And we believe the bureau today provides great support and great focus on that.
Mark Begor: It's a good question. I think we talked, Bill, broadly about our focus on one of the benefits we expect from our cloud-native transformation, as you know, it's a technology transformation and a data transformation, but the single-data fabric that we're going to, we believe, is going to allow we're going to, we believe, is going to allow us to do many more data combinations then we're able to do easily today. And that's one of the many reasons we're doing the cloud transformation. That would be an example of using income employment data with some of our other our other data assets to bring unique solutions that are on the Equifax because of our Workforce Solutions business to the marketplace. And we have those not in our current pipeline, but those kind of things on our to-do list in our pipeline in the future. And it's another reason, Bill; why I'm expanding our product resources across Equifax in the second quarter, and we're going to expand them further in the second half is really to really fuel up that new product engine, not only for the second half, but for 2021 and 2022. That's a big focus of mine is to take advantage of the single data fabric in the cloud, in the cloud technology we're going to have to really accelerate our new product rollouts.
Mark Begor: Yeah, it's tough, as you know, to predict. I think what we've seen pretty consistently in all markets. If you look at April and May, fairly severe lockdowns, not a lot of economic activity, as you got into May and June, in most markets, our customers figured out how to operate in a lockdown environment. And we're having commercial activity. Selling cars without showrooms being open and that's happening around the globe, so that, kind of, adaptability to a lockdown. I think the challenging international is their lockdown. We've seen U.S. lockdowns, kind of, relax in the last four, five weeks in many, many markets. Of course, you've seen some tightening or consumer confidence issues around the spikes in the last couple of weeks in many markets. But international lockdowns have just been extended. It is just much longer. We have markets like Australia. I think Melbourne -- in our Melbourne market is not going to open until late August. So those delays, we believe, and the depth of the lockdowns in many international markets really dampened their economic activity, which impacted our revenue. As those markets open up, we would expect to see improvements, but we just can't predict when and how much. So we would expect to see those improve as companies adapt and as actually restrictions are lifted, and there's some level of kind of COVID normalcy.
Mark Begor: Yes. From our perspective, Andrew, like the U.K. is still in lockdown, meaning our office is not open. Our customers' offices aren't open. They're still working from home. Economic activity, we believe, is depressed because of that versus if you look at like Georgia, which is opened, and other markets in the United States. Spain opened just a couple of weeks ago. Canada is particularly a Toronto market is still in lockdown, meaning they're not open. For most commercial activity in Australia is still in lockdown. So our experience is that -- and our perspective is that the international markets lockdown sooner, and they lockdown longer, and of course, we don't see business in Italy, which, as you know, lockdown opens up quicker, but the markets that we're in are the ones I'm referencing.
Mark Begor: Yeah. First, on the pipeline, we have -- as you know, we have a dedicated team. We talked about that at June 8. This is all they do is focused on records at either as I would call it, going door-to-door to companies that they are not a part of our database or working on partnerships with payroll processors and others that we do revenue share with. And they have a very active pipeline. We -- what I would characterize is put them on offense in the second quarter. They were before, but we're deliberately leaning in. And on both sides, if you think about your company and you're under some financial pressure, today, you do that yourself in many cases, meaning you're taking calls from mortgage originators into the HR department and you've got a handful of people staffing a call center to respond to your employee calls on that. If we go in and can share our value prop, where we'll do it for free for them, we'll do it securely, it becomes a productivity improvement for that company. So that's a positive. So from a climate standpoint, it's always a good discussion. It's maybe better now. And then in the partnerships, the idea of getting an incremental revenue share from Equifax from a -- to a payroll processor. Those conversations are positive, too. So we like the pipeline. As you know, it's a bit choppy sometimes. We added a large processor last September. We're benefiting from that now. Those can be clunky or chunky. But we have a consistent focus on adding records, and we've shown a pretty good trend of adding them. On your question about the impact of unemployment is something we're watching. We expect there to be some pressure on actives in there. We had some decline in the latter half of the second quarter that were offset by additions that we have with new contributors and new employees or records coming in, and we expect to keep that focus going in the third quarter, but we’re definitely watching it. And I think lastly, I think, as you know, we not only sell active records, meaning those that are working, but we also have a pretty large portion of our revenue Workforce Solutions is inactive records, meaning where with someone working two weeks ago, two months ago, three weeks ago, because people change jobs. And if we don't have an active, many times, we're able to sell the inactive, meaning what they were doing six months ago before they change jobs, and that becomes -- that's another part of our revenue.
Mark Begor: So Gary, again, I think that's kind of getting into kind of a longer term view in the 2021 outlook, and we're just not ready to do that yet. We've given a fair amount of commentary even in this discussion around the fact that our margins in mortgage are obviously not nearly as strong as they are in the normal online business, principally because of mortgage solutions, right, because mortgage solutions, we purchase files from our two competitors. So, there's -- those margins are still good in our mortgage business on average, but not nearly as high as we'd see in a normal online poll. And -- but there's a lot of moving parts that are going to go into what 2021 and 2022 look like. So, I think we're all going to have to see how the markets evolve and we'll give you a lot more view as to what we expect for that as we get toward the end of the year.
John Gamble: And Toni, if you're looking at slide 9, right, just as a reminder, as you look at June, June, because of the number of business days in the month, right, was -- there's about a 3% benefit, or a little over 3% that you see in June that doesn't really continue into July. So that can help you understand the trend the trend better between June and July. So, for example, if you look at banking and lending, Mark mentioned banking and lending, there, we adjusted that 3 point, you're probably looking at, banking lending was down 10% to 15% in the June period. And what we have seen is slight weakening as you go into the very end of July -- into June and July and the trends across several USIS verticals. It wasn't substantial, but the substantial improving trends we've seen from April through June flattened and then weakened slightly.
John Gamble: The other thing I would mention is that this is happening in a period when we have strong cost controls in place. So, you're seeing costs are being managed very, very tightly while they're seeing very high revenue growth.
John Gamble: And another meaningful difference is at this point, we don't have Workforce Solutions outside the U.S., and it's a very high-margin business. So, it negatively impacts the margins relative to the U.S. -- outside the U.S.
John Gamble: Actually off the top of my head, I don't know, Bill, it's up substantially. I think it's on the order of 30%. But if you take a look at slide 9 and slide 10, I think we give plenty of data there for you to come up with that number yet.
John Gamble: If you're looking at slide 10, also, just looking at APAC, it was a positive number. But as Mark said in his comments, there was a one-time sale to a government entity there that resulted in that positive step. So excluding that, it was down single digits. And then again, just as a reminder, looking at June, right, there's probably a three to four point benefit from the fact that the number of business days in June is higher. So when you compare June to July, that's something you have to take into account.
John Gamble: Yes. I don't -- we don't want to get into giving 2021 or 2022 guidance, but we've talked at length on the June 8th call and more this morning about the multiple levers Workforce Solutions has. And as you know, one of the very unique levers they have versus most of our businesses, and I think most of the industry is the ability to grow their revenue by driving hit rate through increased records. And I think that's a very unique element to that business. And if you think quite simply, which sometimes I do, the business will be over $1 billion this year and it has, call it, roughly 50% of the non-farm payroll in a database. Now, our long-term goal is to get all of non-farm payroll in our database. And we've shown a pretty consistent ability to add those records. If we get from half to all of the non-farm payroll, you double the size of that business over a timeframe, extended for sure, but that's a lever that's unique. There's no question that there'll be -- we're in the middle of middle -- I don't know what portion we're in of the U.S. mortgage refi and purchase market that is exceptionally strong. There's going to be a grow over challenge on that for Equifax in 2021, as you point out. But if you saw in our comments, Workforce Solutions, in particular, significantly outgrew the mortgage market because of new products, because of new records, because of new customers, they have all those levers in new verticals that they can get into outside of mortgage, those give us a lot of confidence in Workforce Solutions' long-term growth, which is why I characterize it as being in early innings, meaning this is a mature business, it's a well operating business, but it just has a lot of runway for growth opportunities.
John Gamble: Yes. So, I think we're going to continue to perform well, relatively speaking, against corporate expenses. Within corporate expenses, there obviously some things that are a little more variable, like incentive compensation and things that drive movement period-to-period. So, I'm not going to really give a forecast for 3Q and 4Q. But in terms of the cost reduction actions we have in place, I think those are going to stay very firm in place around corporate, so you should see improving performance on our corporate expenses pretty consistently.
John Gamble: Sure. It's principally tougher comps. A little bit of a seasonality, right? I take a look at the way the mortgage market tends to run. You tend to see a weaker mortgage market as you get towards the back half of the year. But in terms of tougher comps, the mortgage market really started to strengthen in 2019 August and was very strong in September and was very strong in the fourth quarter. So, you're going to see those tougher comps run through third quarter and fourth quarter and then obviously, you know how strong the mortgage market was in the first quarter and second quarter of 2020.
John Gamble: Yes, I think for today, we're not ready to do that. We tried to give indications on it. That's really probably getting more into our long-term framework as well as our outlook for 2021 or something, which, as you know, we're not providing guidance. But I think we try to be clear about -- we've got a lot of confidence in the benefits. We tried to talk about when we're bringing applications online and databases into the cloud and then how we're progressing on customer migrations because, as you know, we've got to complete migrations in order to sunset our legacy infrastructure. So, I think we're going to hold off in much more detail than we already have until we get closer to 2021 and we're putting our long-term financial framework back in place.
John Gamble: So again, I don't think we're really going to answer that in detail, right? But what also goes into that is what actions we would take to manage the cost of the business that we have across the entire portfolio, not just specific to Workforce Solutions. So again, I think we're, kind of, getting into more of a long-term outlook here. And at this point, we're going to -- I think we're going to have to ask you to wait until we get toward the end of the year.
John Gamble: So I think with the pipeline, what we're seeing is it improved a lot over the past three years. Comparing pre and post-breach pipelines is a little bit difficult, right. But I think the really promising things that we're seeing is the pipeline is growing consistently. And then the win rate we're seeing against the pipeline is continuing to grow as well. Again, we're speaking about us is here, right. So I'd say that's what it looks like, and I think we feel good about that trending.
