Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Lee. And we started 45 minutes ago talking about a number of moving parts and it was our intent to provide you with a new level of transparency and insight to 2013, 2014 and as Lee also gave us, an insight into 2015, so hopefully you felt we met that expectation. So let me summarize before we go to Q&A. Despite the headwind in 2013, our strategy and execution delivered an impressive broad-based performance, and the business model continues to be sound and the strategy we've been executing against continues to offer attractive growth opportunities. The road map that Lee just gave you details the transitional nature of 2014. We fully expect to exit this year with very good momentum, positioning us for stronger performance as we enter 2015. Given our outlook for 2014, we have increased our dividend 14% to $1 per share per year. This represents what we expect to be a payout ratio at the upper end of the board's policy, which, if you'll recall, is 25% to 30% of our net income going back in the form of a dividend. So in summary, for 2014, core organic nonmortgage growth of 6% to 8% remains solid and within the model we've given you over the past few years. The mortgage market performance will be as we anticipated and as we've communicated to you in the past year. Foreign exchange is a headwind this year, but should abate as the world economies stabilize in the future. And we should move up to an 8% to 10% revenue growth range in the back half of 2014. And we should be aided by the mortgage market returning to growth latter part of this year and into 2015. So with that, operator, we'd like to open it up for some questions.
Richard F. Smith: I'll jump in, then Lee can give you some details, George. It's a couple things, one is the 1% in USCIS then moved to 14% was for mortgage reported revenue, so it's 1% including CSC. If you exclude CSC, it's the 14% that you alluded to. That's just mortgage reporting that's online. There's other mortgage-related revenue streams that were not captured in the 1% or the 14%, that's number one. Number two, as we always say, there's some timing differences between EWS and USCIS. Number three, we've been at the differentiated products in mortgage longer in USCIS, things like UDM and others, than we have in EWS. So we don't break that detail up. But if you were to normalize it, you'd probably find USCIS total mortgage, when you exclude CSC, is closer to that of what you saw in EWS.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, we're still very optimistic. Long term, this is going to be a great revenue generator for EWS and for Equifax. You've seen and read about all the trials and tribulations that the Affordable Care Act has had in rolling it out. There are a number of things that Dan and his team are trying to do now to help the CMS get to a greater coverage. We call it Tier 2. We continue to get very excited about the analytics that eThority is bringing to the table. So it's not a huge number that we're anticipating in 2014. It'll be bigger than 2013. I'm hopeful, as we exit 2014, this thing starts to click in 2015 and deliver some really, really good revenue for us.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Andre. Now the verification opportunities in the auto D360 solutions we just launched, you should think of those as being incremental margin, very much like the rest of the work, very, very high margin. And as I alluded to D360 in general terms, I can't remember the number now, but we have double-digit pipeline of D360 that we'll be launching in 2014. So that robustness of NPI -- new revenue from NPI and Verification Services and beyond will continue.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, good questions. We're as committed to Commercial as we are any other business. We don't talk about it as much because it's a smaller business, Andre, as yet. But we continue to invest. We have mentioned an acquisition, small tuck-in acquisition we just made for Commercial. We invest in platforms, we invest in new products, we invest in people. So it's a market that's always going to be there. It's going to go through cycles like the consumer pieces, but I think it's important for us as a business to continue to build out a sizable successful commercial business to augment what we do on the Consumer side.
Richard F. Smith: Sure, Paul. It's both. The only caveat I'd give to your question was it's not just the recent slowdown. If you look back the last couple years, the GDP has slowed, the use or the demand of credit products has slowed. If you follow experience, historical growth patterns in Brazil, that's a good proxy for what the market sees. We obviously don't disclose that level of detail because we don't consolidate Brazil, but there's no doubt that the U.S. -- or the Brazilian economy has slowed. Secondly, we are investing, as you noted, and we've talked about now for a number of years in 2 -- 3 very important areas. One is integrating the core platforms in which we operate, which is important to do. It simplifies and shortens your time to market for new products. That's a heavier investment than we anticipated early on. We're also investing in positive data capabilities in IT. That's still maybe multiple years away, but it's important we invest now so that when the country embraces positive data, we're in a position to jump on that. And third is we'll continue to invest in sales people, sales processes. I was just down there with Paulino late last year; we are still committed to Brazil. I think it's a place we've got to keep our pulse on and stay actively engaged. I believe in what Boa Vista is doing, combined with TMG and our leadership. So while it was a write-down, a noncash write-down for the fourth quarter, we're still committed short term and long term in Brazil.
Richard F. Smith: I don't have any data on the first quarter this time. I think if you look throughout 2013, you'd see the year continue to slide throughout the year in Brazil.
Richard F. Smith: I'd say better for these reasons: So the core business, the core organic nongrowth business, is as solid today as it was a year ago. And I think we'd all agree last year was just a great year, building on a great year in 2012. And 2014 and 2015 will be solid. It is better for this reason. TDX is a strategic acquisition that gives us capabilities that we didn't have before. It will start to monetize, I think, in very meaningful ways at the back end of this year and into 2015. They connect capabilities to new geographies, existing customers in new geographies, I'm very hopeful that, that is going to bode very well for us long term. The other point I'd make is we get smarter and smarter every day in this verticalization and enterprise selling that we're doing through USCIS. Andrew, I know you know this, but we've taken the commercial products, we've taken the verification deployment products, verification income products and all the products we had to bear to our core customers in the U.S. and differentiating our offering from anyone else. So we've been at that a couple of years. Each and every day goes by, that gets better and better.
Richard F. Smith: I just think the execution the team has delivered now for 4 or 5 years in a row continues to hum, such things like NPI. If the verticalization that we have, if you've seen some of the leases we've had, for example, in auto, that is a true differentiator that no one else has done. We get smarter and smarter. In other words, we get domain expertise in each of these verticals, and that in itself isn't a solution. Anybody could do that. It's taking that vertical expertise with the unique data assets we have to accelerate growth and with that, obviously, the D360 is another thing that really excites me this year.
Richard F. Smith: I still think the 10% makes sense. Let me allude -- I'll give you some more color in a second. The 47 I'd mentioned in my opening comments, one of the things we had done is kind of re-energize and we've done this a couple of times now with NPI -- with a focus on NPI. One of the things we decided to do very intentionally in 2013 is focus on a fewer larger products. We've traditionally been in the 65 to 70 products per year, so our goal is to reduce that. We didn't target 47 specifically, but a reduction in larger, more meaningful price, and that's what you saw last year. Revenue was up 18% year-on-year from NPI. So extremely healthy year. And long term, yes, I still see a Vitality Index of 10% is kind of the right range for us. You're going to have ebbs and flows as you sunset large classes 1 year. Maybe the next year you don't have large classes you sunset, so you'll be above the 10%. Yes, I think 6, 7, 8 years into NPI, that 10% number still makes sense.
Richard F. Smith: The flip side, Manav, which you don't really have the benefit of seeing, but we do, is the PSol business is gaining traction, accelerating at a faster growth rate outside the U.S. So the things that we're doing, taking PSol and all the great tools and capabilities that Trey has built again to Canada, U.K., now Latin America helps. And we're at the early days of really understanding what we can do and how far we can take TrustedID with a lot of capabilities for our partners, which as you know, is new to us as well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, Mike, you should know this, that one, we did a very -- one, let me back up. My comments kind of alluded to this. We had been working with TDX for about 2 years just really to get to know their culture, their people, their management, their pipeline, their capabilities. We did very thorough studies, brought consultants in to help us understand their uniqueness versus competition in the current footprint in U.K., Spain and Australia, as well as their uniqueness in countries where they were not, places like Canada and U.S. is 2 obvious ones. The second point I'll make there on TDX is we did not contemplate any acquisition or justification of the purchase price TDX coming to the U.S. or Canada at this juncture. There's enough growth short term in the next couple years to grow nicely in the current footprint. We will very systematically think through the launch plan. In fact, I've chartered Paulino and Rudy Ploder with putting that launch plan in place by the end of this year so we can really understand all the nuances of who's in the U.S., who's in Canada and how you systematically make this thing work in those 2 countries, but the business has to stand on its own merits in the current geographical footprint.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it's great. I kind of think about home runs as transformational from a revenue respective. If that's how you define it, which is how I do define it, those are few and far between. I think I've got a lot more singles and a lot more doubles financially. However, what you can find is there are some things that disrupt the marketplace that, over time, will allow you to get additional revenue streams from add-on products, if you will. So trying to chase the home runs, I think, is a bit of a gamble. That's why you see us in the range of 47 products last year up to, I think our high ever was maybe 70-something. If there were home runs, you'd find these being in 5, 10, 15 kind of products. So that's a big risk.
Richard F. Smith: Good question, probably requires some clarification. Think about KCP under the same banner as verticalization. It is no different. So I go back I think it was 2007 or so in the recession, we were looking at the banking sector and said, "What might the banking sector look like postrecession versus pre, the emergence of 4 very large powerful banks seemed inevitable. I wasn't confident in our positioning with all 4 of those banks at that time, so we created KCP at that time. We then added on larger, more strategic accounts, 2 examples I just talked about, that is now 8. But beyond the KCP accounts, we've got vertical focus now in mortgage. We've got vertical focus in auto, we have vertical focus in telco, probably missing a few more as well. Retail banking. So verticalization, in total, of which KCP is one element, has really transformed our go-to-market approach over the past 6 years. And KCP is one piece of that, and that's working very well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I think it's a combination of both, Shlomo. We have new leadership in IXI. That, combined with our legal team really working with customers, understand what the regulation really means, it doesn't mean it has helped. You're also seeing the prescreen business continue to increase. That entire Bancard business is up 8% to 10% per year, which is low, so well below the prerecession highs of pre-2009. But yes, we're clearly getting market base momentum, market share gains and improvement in IXI.
Richard F. Smith: It's a combination of both. For example, there's no doubt that the banks are getting a little more aggressive in their lending standards. For example, if they're going to be more aggressive in auto, go down the store chain, they're requiring a larger down payment or deposit upfront. So they're all looking for ways to grow in a reasonable risk base, and our ability to help them make those decisions with our Decision 360 helps us differentiate and gain share.
Richard F. Smith: It's -- I don't think there's any underlying. It's so small, and this is not in a derogatory sense. It's a small business, Shlomo, so going from -- I don't have the math in front of me -- going from, I think, it was negative 3% in the fourth quarter, deposit at 10%. It is a small swing in total dollars. So you could have nuances and movement quarter-to-quarter. I pay more attention to the long-term trajectory of the business and I still remain committed that, that is a growth business for us and it did grow 7%, yes, in 2013.
Richard F. Smith: So I think, Shlomo, that long-term model still exists. Even though there may be some pressure and you've seen PSol growing at the upper end outside that range for a number of quarters, if not years, you're seeing some moderate slowdown and we expect that to continue. The regulatory environment is unknown. So our challenge is to find ways to continue to innovate, take trusted ideas in levels. And I still think we're in that long-term model we told you guys a number of years ago, upper single digits in the margin profile that we talked about.
Richard F. Smith: I did not. I think what I talked about was the entire revenue was up about 18% year-on-year. I think the Vitality index is around 9%, if I remember right, Bill.
Richard F. Smith: That's good, Bill. Think about it this way. It's servicing our -- one, we're in collections today, and I think you know that we do collections in many geographies around the world. It's an important offering we must have for our customers; two, think about TDX is kind of a SaaS model, which is really our sweet spot, that's what we do. Think about it as Analytics and Technology platforms as right what we do today. So they are a very, very powerful player in the U.K., having great early successes in places like Spain. So I am confident we can bring that capability with our bigger pipes. We've got far bigger distribution network than they do, growing their capabilities for our current customers and new customers in a model that's very financially friendly to us, SaaS model. And think about Inffinix as a little different. If you know our vernacular, you find TDX more akin to InterConnect. It's sophisticated, it's upper end in its capabilities. That's TDX. If you think of a decisioning platform we have across Central and South America, Experto, it really fits those market needs. Inffinix is more like an Experto for us, so it's the same concept there. They're good really in Mexico plus a few other countries. We've got the largest footprint in Central and South America. We can bring their product through our pipeline to our customers and add value.
Richard F. Smith: Early stages but hopeful, and I think if we are -- as an industry, including banks, long term, going to successfully navigate the regulatory environment, we're going to have to do it as partners. And that's our intent, was to reach out proactively to some of the larger banks out there last year and proactively help them because if we can help them become more compliant on data accuracy, as an example, that helps us. So early stages.
Richard F. Smith: That's an interesting way to ask. As you think about product, I'd say this. If you think of a continuum, I think the next 3 years, the greater NPI growth comes from mining the current unique data assets we have around the world more fully. There's a lot of juice, as someone had mentioned earlier on a comment, an earlier comment about juice left, and a lot of juice left in just mining the current data by taking those unique data assets to new verticals with unique data with unique domain expertise. The auto example is a prime example. We've had the wealth data -- or the employment data. We've had the income data. We've had all those data assets now for a few years. But getting domain expertise in the verticals, to focus on that and bring those through to deliver new products is an example. I think there's more opportunity over the next 3 years. We'll always go out looking for the next unique data asset. We've got a lot more we can still do and mine what we have today.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I'd say it this way, Andrew. Since the lows, the trough of the recession, you're steadily seeing that increase, in the last couple years anyways, the upper single-digit range, and we expect that to continue. But still, I think I mentioned before, 39%, 38% below the prerecession peak. So nowhere close to what we were before the recession, but I expect it to continue in 2014 and up.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, and I got to be -- the answer's yes, but I have not actually tracked the linkages we've done in the past between prescreen and credit file pool. I don't have that number off the top of my head. If you remember, there was a very strong correlation prerecession. I think it was 30- to 45-day lag between prescreen and credit file pool. That lag was impacted dramatically during the recession. I can't tell you exactly where it is today, but eventually, yes, prescreen leasing pools were up.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Thank you. And operator, I think that's about it. We're about 1/2 hour over our normal time unless you have one more question that has to be asked from the phone.
Lee Adrean: Yes, and just, George, I would add that pure tri-merge activity within mortgage services was down in the low to mid-20s. And the difference between that and the 14% organic was some of the newer information analytic-based products that we sell into the mortgage market that are actually still gaining traction and increasing share even in a declining market. So just the pure market activity effects are a lot more similar than the headline numbers would make it appear.
Lee Adrean: Andrew, I don't have that off the top of my head. I would have -- we'd have get back to you on that.
Lee Adrean: Yes, that's actually a couple of cents a share. I mean if you take from 35.6%, call it, to the midpoint of the 36%, 37%, 0.9 point on $500 million to $600 million of pretax, you're talking $0.03, $0.04 a share.
Lee Adrean: Yes, it's a great question because it'll get muddied through the acquisitions in 2014, even on the EBITDA line as well, because of some initial expenses we incur as we integrate companies. But both on an operating margin basis, and what I'd call, cash margin, it's not EBITDA margin, but cash margin the way I look at it would be operating profit adding back just the acquisition amortization. Both of those measures will get better on our core business in 2014 if you take out the acquisitions. So the underlying model remains intact. And then as we have some experience with those new businesses, we will expect those partly through expense management, but a lot of it from revenue leverage, given the growth prospects of those businesses, those will start contributing to widening. So yes, I think the margin model is intact.
Lee Adrean: Yes, Manav, I think the key place you'll see some downward margin movement, and it's because of the acquisitions, is going to be International. That's where the bulk of the acquisitions have occurred. And you'll see that affect International margins by a couple hundred basis points.
Lee Adrean: Yes, Manav, I think that's a great observation. I think the growth -- likely growth expectation for PSol probably is moderating, which helps us a little bit as you see more breaches out there. But you're right, the banks -- number one, the banks are under some pressure relative to the way they sell add-on products to their customers as a result of the way the regulators view any kind of cross-selling activities. And you're seeing an increased presence in the marketplace of some free models, which are based on lead generation for other products. So I think you might see a little bit more moderate growth in our PSol business over the coming year.
Lee Adrean: By the way, if I can tag a completely unrelated comment on to that. I've had -- we've had 2 questions about acquisition-related amortization. I've been shuffling through my papers here, and I would tell you that the acquisition -- in total, acquisition-related amortization looks like we'll be up around $15 million to $18 million year-over-year. Again, the biggest impact will be in our International business. That $15 million to $18 million is actually a net number because we'll be down some and we'll see some benefit in Workforce Solutions as we complete the amortization of certain assets from prior deals, but the net for the company will be up $15 million to $18 million.
Lee Adrean: Well, I think that we've captured most of the margin benefit, the first quarter will still be advantageous year-over-year because we had some initial expenses in integrating CSC in the first quarter last year. The -- now I think we're into the steady process within USCIS of driving a little bit of growth every quarter and getting them to perform fully at the levels that we think is possible. That's much more of a steady year-by-year effort.
Lee Adrean: Yes. I mean, I think the other thing to about think our margins is that we continue to expect to grow our staffing over the course of this year. It will be at a modest rate and in line with a recognition of where our revenue for the year is going to grow. So this really is much more about realigning resources to where the best opportunities are. It helps us accommodate the softer revenue we'll see in the first half of the year. But for the year as a whole, you take our revenue growth, subtract a couple percentage points that has to go to salary increases, merit increases. That's going to give you just about what our headcount growth will be. And that's kind of consistent with the [indiscernible] model. So it's not really a margin-driving action so much as staying focused on where the returns are.
