Richard F. Smith: Great. Thanks, Lee. For the second quarter, assuming current exchange rates and the continuation of the mortgage activity we've experienced in the past 3 months, our outlook for revenue growth from continuing operations is between 12% and 14%, adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.88 and $0.91 per share for the quarter. That's up 23% to 27% for the second quarter. Our second quarter guidance for revenue and adjusted EPS continues to reflect the strong first half performance, which was incorporated to our full year guidance. Giving the anticipated moderation in mortgage activity for the second half of 2013, we continue to be very comfortable with our full year guidance of 10% to 12% revenue and 21% to 24% for adjusted EPS growth. We're going to have a much better look, guys, as we release our second quarter results in July as to what exactly mortgage might be doing in the second half, so obviously, we'll give you those views when we're together in July. Any way you look at it, the results we have in the first quarter, combined with the outlook we expect for the second quarter, positions Equifax for yet another record year. So with that, operator, I'd like to open up to any questions the audience might have.
Richard F. Smith: Molly, I gave some insight there. If you take a look at the entire USCIS, it's lower in the first quarter than anticipated, really driven by July -- by January's results. And I gave guidance for the entire business unit to be in the 5% to 7% range. To get there, obviously OCIS has got to kind of carry their weight. So I expect improvement in the second quarter going -- that improvement continues throughout the year.
Richard F. Smith: No, as I'd tell you -- alluded to at the end of my comments there, we're seeing continued, albeit slower growth than 2012 saw over 2011. The mortgage market is performing as we expected during guidance in December and reforming in February. For the first quarter, we expect that to continue in the second quarter. And when we're together in July, we'll have a much better view of the expectations for the third and fourth quarter. Right now, it's behaving as we anticipated.
Richard F. Smith: Great, great question, Manav. Traditionally, as you know, when you look at a portfolio of assets, assets could be traditionally like the customers that you have, like the products you have. We continue to look for ways to optimize that mix of portfolio you have, and OCIS is no different. We had some clients that were higher-volume but extremely low-priced, and that correlates to low profitability. And we continually look at those and say what makes sense short term and long term and modify that portfolio accordingly. So what we did in OCIS, to be very specific, is we have non-renewed, at our request, a number of clients but offset that with some very high-margin, lower-volume. So the mix was a good step forward from a profitability perspective for us. So don't think of that as being something that is a sea change mover continuation that you'll see significantly going forward. But every so often, we sit back and take that look and kind of prune the portfolio, the portfolio we want long term. That's what happened here.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. One as I said before, just a little higher level math, the overall integration of the acquisition of CSC is right on target. It's going great. No negative surprises, a few positive surprises. So I'm really pleased at this juncture. As it relates to cross-sell and revenue synergies, if you go back to the time we announced this in December, what I said there holds true today. And that is, think about it this way. It's not necessarily there'll be new sources of revenue, but that time to revenue should be faster because we're not dealing with a third-party partner. It is our business. So what you're seeing now is our ability to bring products from NPI from across of suite of assets we already have into those customers in the middle part of the country. We're doing it with faster traction we could in the past. So that's the way I think about it. As far as trajectory, we're still early into it, 4 months into the integration. The effort right now has been on getting the culture together, the people together, the process together, and we have had some nice cross-sell wins at some financial institutions in CSC's territory. But it's too early to declare what that number is going to be long term.
Richard F. Smith: The answer to the first part of the question is absolutely. We expect to be back at the 6% to 8% range in the second quarter and for the full year. In NPI, I'm not sure we've broken that out specifically, but the NPI in total should continue to perform at the same levels -- within the range we have historically, which is 10% by value and mix.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, prescreen was up in the first quarter. So when you look at CMS, and I think the number we gave you was 4%, that's a combination of traditional CMS plus the wealth management business, the IXI business, as we call it. But the prescreen business was up -- I can't remember exactly what the number was. Jeff, maybe you do -- mid-double-digit for the first quarter, so we too are seeing prescreen lift in the first quarter.
Richard F. Smith: Dan, one thing Lee, I think, said earlier, was you should expect USCIS's margins to move into the range we guided to back in December and again in February.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, we continue to work very closely with CFPB, and we're going to -- the focus, I think, as much in the last time was around getting a compliance governance structure in place, and we're making good progress on that when we come back sometime in the late second quarter, early third quarter to review that with us. So specific to the CFPB on a product position, we talked about IXI, and so the attributes there being potentially a concern of CFPB maybe [ph] discriminatory in some cases. We'll make a great progress there, building new models with different attributes. When the customers are satisfied, we're convinced CFPB will be satisfied with this one.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, obviously we'll know more as I mentioned earlier on at the end of this year. If it materializes at the level that the CMS disclosed, which we don't know if it will yet, it's work [ph] number, it's instant, so it's a very high-margin business. So let's hold that thought until we get closer to the year, we'll give you look at it then.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Carter, it used to be very good indicator pre-recession, and then we've got a 45- to 60-day lag. We saw, as we exited the recession, that there was less of a correlation between prescreen uptick and on the core credit report uptick in USCIS. So we'll keep a close eye on that over the next couple of months to see if, in fact, there is a higher correlation returns to normal. That would be very encouraging if it does.
Richard F. Smith: Two great questions there. One, on the sandbox, I think I alluded to this in the last earnings call. There is -- whenever you stand at the sandbox, there's a revenue you get to load the data, to provide the services, to host the data, less than millions of dollars range. But more than that, it is -- I've have always said from day one, any time you can add this kind of strategic value to customers and get in there with smart people, look at data, look at attributes, look at scores and try to build new products, the real revenue comes downstream when we get to build new products, secondly. The third revenue stream is that some of clients are looking at this as a potential challenges. Do I want to outsource pieces of, if not all of, my analytics to someone like Equifax? And the sandbox is a great venue to prove that concept. So I think of the revenue stream really coming downstream here with new products and potentially outsourcing and that's exciting to us. As for CMS, yes, any time you get into a government entity like CMS and win a contract like this, this continues to validate and provide solutions to them, it will open other doors. For example, there's a potential that the government might look at pulling an employment record 1 year after the fact -- I'm sorry VOI after the fact. In short, if they have given you a discount for the Affordable Care Act a year later, how does your income look? So there are a lot of opportunities potentially for us to think of different revenue streams with CMS.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I do. And again, we have a lot of levers. And I don't know what to expect. I wouldn't give you the guidance for the second quarter and for full year that counted so [ph] and our ability to deliver those results. As you go with softness in OCIS or elsewhere, we have a lot of tools we could pull, including the right deployment of Lean, looking at costs, so on and so forth. But we're very clear. I'm bullish on our revenue outlook for the second quarter and for the full year.
Richard F. Smith: Well, it's the typical suspects. Obviously, what does mortgage do would be one. We've given you our outlook on mortgage. Two is, the economic environment, and we're anticipating that the economic environment in '14 will be much like '13, maybe slightly improvement. So the good news is, if we get some economic step-up around the world in 2014, that's wind at our back we've not seen since 2006. So right now, as I look at 2014, I look at our initiatives that we have here. If the economic environment remains like it is today, I think we're in good shape. If the economic environment improves, it will get us a nice lift for us.
Richard F. Smith: A good question, Jeff. I think long term, a lot of the pipeline is strong. And the time to close, it takes a few months. It's a complicated sell. Intellectually, it is an easy sell, but then there's some work required to actually get the sandbox environment set up and then loaded and then analytics starting to come out of it. If you think about it for a second, you take a step back, one, I'm hopeful we'll get a couple of more large clients. But if you go to mid-market and you go down market, oftentimes, those FIs don't have the analytical resources that we have or the large banks have and so have even greater need to kind of partner with us. So I don't think this is only a very large bank or FI play. I think it's a play across the enterprise.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, one, it's much in line with the contemplated growth forecast we had back in February. Two, [indiscernible] yes, was a little higher than the first quarter, it will be in the second quarter. And third, remember we talked about mortgage across the enterprise, including USCIS and EWS, starting to slow in the middle part of the second quarter and then continuing to slow in third and fourth quarter. So it's a combination of both of those.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, again, that will ebb and flow depending on the marketing investment we want to make to drive revenue growth. We guided, I think back in December, Jeff, in the high 20s. I think you should continue to see think of PSol in that range but it will ebb and flow quarter to quarter.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, again, there's obviously some expense there, and we talked about that when we were together in December and again on the earnings call in February, and those are on track. Two is kind of the revenue. I mentioned that earlier, expanding new products to those geographies faster. Three is, I think there's some opportunity for pricing and folding their organization into our pricing process, which is segmentation on the same price elasticity, bundling and so on and so forth. Three, we have been very sophisticated in our approach to thinking about resellers, how you manage resellers to optimize profit, growth and strategic value. And we'll do that here with CSC. CSC has used over the years a number of resellers across their geography.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Shlomo, I'll be very direct here. As I've told my team, this is executional -- lack of execution last year. We weren't paying as much attention to the pipeline as we should have. We are now. We weren't innovating it quite the way now I wanted to. We are now. The team has done a remarkable job of getting their hands around this, not feeling like they're a victim of the environment just because our competitors weren't growing and the market wasn't growing. But they shouldn't just grow. They've done a much for the job on those 2 fronts execution of the pipeline, getting closer to the customers and better innovation.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, a couple of things that you should think of. One, it's a nice business model. When you've got a high fixed cost business and you start growing incremental margin, for sure at a very, very high rate, that’s number one. Number two, they continue to deploy Lean at a faster rate than they have before. Three, they have staffed up significantly in the last year on pricing in the broadest sense, so that's segmentation, bundling and so on and so forth, understand price elasticity and value-added to the different clients. So a combination of a great business model with more rapid deployment of Lean. And third, a more effective deployment of pricing strategies, which we have benefited -- yes, I can't tell if the last part of your question was a question or a statement. But yes, we are comfortable with the 30% range.
Richard F. Smith: We are told by CMS that -- they announced the $320-some-odd million was, in fact, fully budgeted. Is that a risk, could it be a risk? Governments always have some things at risk. Right now they're saying, this is our funded amount the next 5 years you're awarded. And we signed the contract. So as far as milestones go, right now -- I was just down at St. Louis 2 days ago, and the team is full bore out with CMS and internally building the capabilities to service them and go live October 1. So the next milestone for us might be a check in July. When we get on earnings call to talk about how much progress we've made building out the capabilities. And there's some capability requirements required on their side as well. It's a huge priority for them. They're working full speed as well. So the touch point would be July and how both sides are doing in technically preparing ourselves to go live in October. And obviously, the next touch point will be some time in the fourth quarter. In fact, during the third quarter earnings we should be in the midst of the CMS going live at that time. We're going to give you an update, and the third milestone and fourth milestone will be as we're together in February of 2014, wrapping up 2013, and we'll be 3, 4, 5 months into it. We'll get insight into what 2014 looks like at that time.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, since we don't consolidate nor control, [indiscernible] nor should I divulge the financial performance. That will be their call. But as far as we're involved, we had a board meeting, I think it was yesterday and the day before with BV, integration continues on pace. It's approaching 18, 19 months now. I think it turns 2 years in July-ish. So the teams are working hard to integrate the 2 companies, build products, make sure we're out in the marketplace and so on and so forth. So we remain actively involved, and we'll give you a better sense on the timing, David, of when there might be an opportunity to increase our stake in BV as we exit this year. So third, fourth quarter this year, we should have a pretty good insight.
Richard F. Smith: I'll answer for Lee. He's still trying to calculate the after-tax. The capital allocation part remains consistent with our discussion in February, and that is pay on our debt so we have some flexibility should we want to purchase some companies. Number two, continuing to invest in organic growth, NPI for us. Three is obviously dividend or share repurchase. But right now, which is no different than it has been, the primary focus is going to be really paying down that debt as we did in the first quarter. I think we paid down $107 million, $108 million in the first quarter. So continue that process, give us some leverage on the -- some flexibility on the leverage.
Richard F. Smith: There was not a lot of floating. On the $1 billion we had about $200 million in cash. We borrowed a little under $300 million in commercial paper, and we issued $500 million in 10-year 3.3% notes. The $300 million of CP, we will take out with cash flow, but we will not -- other than that, don't expect to make any significant changes in our fixed and floating mix.
Lee Adrean: Yes, revenues for CSC are running ballpark about $30 million a quarter, and we expect that to hold through the year. We really can't directly measure EBITDA because we're consolidating it. It's hard to track the expense side. But consistent with Rick's comments, we're hitting our budgeted numbers, which were based on the case that we presented to you in December. So we're right on track with our incremental profit and EPS objectives.
Lee Adrean: I would say, actually a combination of 2 things. One, yes, it should be -- transition expenses, largely though not completely behind us. The second is, because we are expecting stronger revenue growth in the second quarter, we'll also get some margin leverage from both.
Lee Adrean: Yes, to a modest degree. We are ramping some of those programs. You'll see some of that in the corporate line, so you'll see a bit more corporate line expense growth as we get later into the year. Some of that will go into the business units. But we were spending in the first quarter, but it will ramp up somewhat from here.
Lee Adrean: No, Carter. One, it was an outstanding performance, you're right, and [indiscernible] was a help. It was a drag last year, as you know, because we had all the expense and no revenue for EWS. In the first quarter you get the revenue with virtually no expense. But as you model EWS going forward, you should think of EWS being in the 30% range.
Lee Adrean: Well, first, IXI was down marginally. And it's kind of flattened out now year-over-year, so I don't expect that to be a factor as it was last year. In fact, we obviously are expecting that to return to growth. The last quarter CFMS comparison, I don't recall. I thought we were up in last year's fourth quarter over the prior year. Prescreen, up more than the rest of CFMS. But I think that had turned.
Lee Adrean: David, on the -- if I go back to the acquisition amortization addback, the $25.5 million was up $11.6 million from a year ago. And that is -- there was $9 million of CSC acquisition amortization, which we just simply tax affected that as -- that's about $6 million. And then the cash tax benefit is another $6 million. It's about $12 million. So basically that increase year-over-year is a function of CSC, and those are the 2 components.
