Mark Begor: Yeah, Manav, it's a great question. We do still remain cautious. We kind of had now three  quarters from USIS, where they've delivered either at or above our expectations. And as I mentioned -- John and I mentioned, second quarter is one of those, and we're very pleased with the online growth. We also mentioned the growing pipeline in USIS, which is a really positive sign. We're really pleased with the new leader. But then you look at some of the businesses, for example, our financial marketing services business, they had a strong first quarter. I think we talked about that in May, that we thought that, was probably a bit stronger than what we expected, because of a couple of large deals and then in the second quarter, they were below our expectations and that business is still on its recovery mode. So we're very pleased. I think I used the words that second quarter was a very strong step forward for USIS. It's a business that competitively we're in the marketplace, we have yield pipelines that are up 30% from year end and 2x from 18 months ago, there is no question that we are back in the marketplace. I'm really pleased with our leader there, who's no longer new to this sort of things. He's bringing really commercial leadership, but it still takes time to rebuild all of those relationships and as you know the deal closing pipeline while we are seeing some progress on that conversion, that's still not at a historical level. So I think that's what we are still watching. But we've laid our guidance for the second half, where we expect that business to continue grow and recover as we go through the second half.
Mark Begor: Yeah, what we're trying to do Manav is, give some visibility to what we expect this cloud transformation to deliver and as, you know, in the last 90 days or so, we're starting to share with you and other investors where we see some of the cost benefits, that's probably easier piece and they're quite substantial. And when you just talk about the cost benefits, those numbers, we've talked about the 15 to 20 on our tech costs in 25% on our development costs, those are on a run rate basis when we're fully completed and we're not giving visibility yet past 2019, but we've also talked about the fact that we expect those benefits to roll into 2019, 2020 as we work through the full implementation of this technology transformation. And we're just not ready to give a date when these benefits will fall to the bottom line. We're also working to try to quantify what our expectations are about the topline benefits, we think we're always on capability, the speed to market, the ability to move products around the globe, we're also going to help us on our topline. So we're going to have additional costs which we try to -- it's in our guidance for 2019, we'll put it in our guidance for 2020 around the tech transformation and migration. And then we should start seeing benefits as we retire legacy debt this year and next year and we'll give guidance once we are ready to do so, on what we think the full transformation is going to deliver, we're just trying to give some perspectives that we think it's going to be quite positive for Equifax. All right. Got it. Thanks a lot.
Mark Begor: The guidance that John shared is, we're sticking to our prior guidance with only the change of the financing cost we have from the settlement payments in the second half. That's the only change we are making.
Mark Begor: Yeah. So our expectation is, I think we've mentioned in the script is, we're expecting USIS margins to also improve as we get through the back half of '19. As their revenue continues to grow, since we're seeing nice growth in online, the expectation is, we'll see continued improvement in margins as the online variable margins are very high.
Mark Begor: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. On your first one, we're not ready to talk about what our expectations are around the revenue. And we tried to give some color on the expense benefits from our cloud transformation. So, I guess, stay tuned. As we work to refine that, we want to share that with you as we bring it forward. But we clearly believe it's going to be positive for Equifax on the top line and that's as far as we've gotten on that. On the FICO partnership, we're in the marketplace, we've got joint deal pipelines, we haven't landed any revenue yet, nor we've given any revenue guidance on that, and my guess is it, we won't give specific guidance on that revenue. It will be a part of Equifax's revenue and of course FICO is going to benefit from two as part of our joint revenue sharing in that. But I just wanted to give an update to you and other investors that, that project is continuing, there is great momentum with it and there's really positive customer reaction to it, particularly around the Data Decisions Cloud where we're combining FICO's decisioning software with Equifax's Ignite InterConnect and Hardline piping in our data. And we believe that there'll be a set of customers that are going to really be attracted to that turnkey solution as well as the other products that we're working to bring to the marketplace.
Mark Begor: Yeah, we're not ready to give 2020 guidance, of course, but we've been consistent around -- we believe positive data is going to be attractive to our Australia business and we expect some benefits in the second half. And as we get closer to 2020, we will give you some perspective on 2020, but it really goes to the premise that more data is going to be attractive for us and it's going to be more data is going be attractive for our customers and it more data opens up more revenue opportunity source.
Mark Begor: Our full year guidance, as we said, was only adjusted for the $0.03. Yes, we had a good quarter and as we talked about last quarter, right. For us to deliver the full year, we needed to have very strong execution as we were expecting substantial improvement in USIS and then across the business broadly. And I think what you saw in the second quarter is good direction toward the improvement that was necessary for us to be able to deliver the full year that we talked about in May. And that's why we repeated the guide here that we did in July. So, the execution to continue to show the improvement that's necessary for us to deliver the year, I think it's what you're seeing in our guidance and hopefully improve confidence in our ability to deliver it. And that's very important to us and that's where we're focused.
Mark Begor: No, no. So again you got to remember DataX was acquired in July of last year. So we are like most companies right -- we -- in our organic calculation, we just -- we consider the acquisition for its first year to be incremental. But beyond -- now that we have comparable period starting in July, that will move to organic. Right. So it isn't driven just by acquisitions. You're seeing improved performance broadly. And again, you can see a nice big step up. Hopefully, on year-over-year in FMS.
Mark Begor: I think I'd add to that that we gave you some visibility around the USIS new deal pipeline, which includes FMS in there and that's up substantially from a year ago. And of course up substantially from the beginning of the year. So that continues to built. So that gives us some of the confidence that the teams out there in real commercial discussions of transactions that will benefit the second half and I think John mentioned in FMS that it's also seasonality that typically a stronger in the second half and of course, last year we were still working on the post cyber. We view that we're a more normal commercial -- in a very normal commercial mode today versus where we were a year ago.
Mark Begor: Yeah, first off on the spend. I think we tried to be clear Tim that our current forecast is to spend what we've already committed to you, so no change in that. We did give the caveat that, if we see some opportunities to accelerate migrations in particular, we might spend a little bit more. But it's going to be in that same framework. We're not having overruns or things like that, we didn't want to give that impression, because that's not the case. The one area that was a bit more complex than I think we anticipated over the last 90 days with the build-out of the data fabric at Google Cloud, that's now complete. We had hope to complete that maybe 30 to 45 days earlier. But it was completed a month ago and it's in the hands of all the business teams. But we're just trying to be transparent. This is a big project. There's a lot of pieces to it. One of the ways we try to derisk is it was breaking it down into pieces and are -- we're attempting to just be transparent and what you know where we're going on it and how it's progressing. Overall, we're very pleased with the progress, the teams are embracing it. Customers are very excited about it. Our dialogs with customers about the overall investment, where we're going to take it, the benefits they're going to get, as well as the migrations of things like InterConnect and Ignite to the cloud environment are very, very positive.
Mark Begor: Yeah, it's a great question, Gary. And as you might imagine that's one that we're thinking a lot about and we're not at this stage to talk about it. And of course, we're not at the stage where we're ready to put our financial framework, back in place. But there is no question we expect there to be benefits. We're going to look hard at what portion of those benefits that we plowed into more new products, into more growth and what portion do we bring to the bottom line to increase our margins and we'll have some clarity on that as time progresses and share it with you.
Mark Begor: Yeah. What we tried to do, Gary, in all of our discussions is to be clear with you that our intent is that the incremental spend that we have in ' 18, '19 and '20 will end in the end of next year and then anything that's left to be done, and there certainly will be elements of this cloud transformation that is going to flow into 2021. It's not going to be 100% complete. We do expect to complete a lot of the work between now and the end of next year and then anything that's required after that, our intention is, that, that would go into our normal operating expenses and normal capitalized costs as opposed to the incremental spend that we've been doing for the last 18 months and then we plan to continue for the next 18 months that was the kind of boundary we put around it and we're still sticking to that.
Mark Begor: Yeah, it's still an important business for us. As you know, that's why we made the PayNet acquisition, because we knew we'd enhance our position commercially. In the earlier comments when we talked about B2B, that was really referring to our online business with our normal customers versus the commercial business.
Mark Begor: The business is, we didn't talk about it in our prepared remarks, but had growth in the quarter that was similar to the overall business, so it's performing quite well.
Mark Begor: Yeah, we didn't give guidance on organic growth in the 3rd quarter. So you are correct. We did not. But, again, please remember right that DataX is no longer inorganic starting in July. Right. So because we acquired them a year ago to this month, so the amount of acquisition revenue actually declines.
Mark Begor: Yeah, it's definitely not the latter, Jeff. We're in normal commercial mode and there is no change I would characterize it today than it was in 2017 prior to the cybersecurity breach. If anything, our commercial discussions are more positive, meaning that we've got a dialog around new data assets, we've got a dialog around our technology transformation and how we're going to deliver more capabilities to our customers. Your comments in the pipeline, were right on. The pipeline, as we said is up 2X over what it was at the beginning of last year and is up strong double digits, from the beginning of the year. So the pipeline is growing. And as you pointed out, some of those opportunities are newer and the lifecycle on those on when they get actually converted, vary -- everyone varies, but generally newer items have a longer tail on them than more mature items in the pipeline. So really good news that the pipeline is growing and is at increasingly high levels and the comments about -- we continue to be watching the conversion is, it's just not fully mature yet, when we'll get there is hard to forecast as far as maturity to pipeline, but clearly every day we're getting closer to that. And it should continue to progress in the 3rd quarter and 4th quarter, and our leader there, Sid Singh, who is driving the business is really bringing a lot of drive and energy around the commercial side of the business and of course I'm still spending a bunch of time with our US customers to continue to help drive the USIS return to their historical growth.
Mark Begor: So, I think as you take a look at our back half, what you'll see in our back half is improving revenue growth and growing margins, right. So what I suggest we do is, not look at this kind of relative to guidance movements, but relative to absolute performance. And I think what you're seeing is, improvements across both and that's what we would expect to try to deliver and it is what we think we're delivering.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's pretty broad base. It's hard to put on one item. We're clearly back in the marketplace. We're working with existing customers to try to increase our share with those customers, so that's helpful . I think we talked about the fact that we reentered the FinTech space really 12 months ago, and we've got almost a dozen commercial people there and so that's I'm talking about the US, which is your question. So there are some wins happening there in the marketplace. And then, as you pointed out, we're in there with NPIs I'll leave PayNet and DataX out of it, just talk the organic phase, we're in there with NPIs that drive new online volume, and it's fairly broad-based and it's what you would hope to see with equifax, getting back into a more normal commercial mode.
Mark Begor: I think we talked about that we've seen some pressure from Brexit in just some of the NPIs in the UK. We didn't expect that, we didn't see it in the first quarter. So there was some pressure there. We talked about -- are you focused on the credit side, the debt management business, I think we talked about some new business from UK government moved over from second quarter into in the third quarter. So we're expecting that business to get better as we go into the second half, it's hard to forecast the Brexit impact, but we're watching that business closely.
Mark Begor: We don't have clarity on the timing of that payment as we've tried to be clear. It could be, you know, as soon as then, it's driven by the court approval process and when we have clarity, then we'll share with you.
Mark Begor: No, it stays in the fund and there is various ways that is used to fund other consumer activities, but the consumer benefits, but nothing comes back to Equifax.
John Gamble: Now, it's up about one, right. I think we try to put that in the script. I think it's up about one. And again, as you look forward, right, so we're seeing nice progress in online as Mark talked about quite completely and then the financial marketing services was down in the quarter and we expect to see growth in financial marketing services, when we get into the back half. So when you think about why are we getting comfortable that we're going to see some improved growth out of USIS? It's really the momentum in online and then financial marketing services starting to grow again. And those two pieces that we need to deliver on clearly, it requires execution. As Mark said, lots of execution for that to be true, but that's the basis on which we're getting comfortable, we're going to see improved performance in the back half.
John Gamble: No, I think as Mark talked about, we closed some large deals in 1Q that just didn't repeat in 2Q. I don't think we made any comment about anything pushing out. I think the comfort we have is that if you take a look over some longer periods, we said it's choppy. Right. So if you want to kind of watch the choppiness out of the results, you will look over slightly longer periods and over those longer periods basically, we've been performing kind of flat over the past nine months. So we feel we are getting comfortable that we've stabilized at that flat level and we're starting to see funnels grow and our expectation is better performance as we get into the back half. So, that's really what it is. If you go back to last year, we'd said, well, you'll start to see improvement in our sales execution as we got into the back half of '19 based on the fact that we had a year to sell once we were free to sell again, following the cybersecurity incident. And effectively our forecast for USIS represent success at that model. So again, as we said, we need to execute, and it is a substantial effort for us to do but that's what's built into our forecast. Our forecast assumes success in that selling effort and therefore growth in those businesses.
John Gamble: And I guess I think Mark included in his script, right. We saw some strength in insurance, some strengthening and performance in government. Identity and fraud, which are really separate business has also performed better and nicely and saw some growth and quite honestly the momentum and banking lending is improving. Now banking and lending obviously has the acquisitions in it, but the momentum is improving and we're expecting that momentum to yield in the second half. So those are all areas where we feel -- where we had improving performance in the second quarter and are expecting continued performance going forward.
John Gamble: And, Tim, capital is up a bit. We did say capital would be up a bit in the year. And I think the way you should think about that is, capital is more driven by build than migration. Right. So I think as Mark talked about, data fabric is built and moving InterConnect built and moving, we made some commitments around and are executing against things we're doing very nicely with Ignite and integrating Ignite and InterConnect, that's all build. Right. And then also quite honestly, when we gave the guidance in the beginning of the year, the investments we are going to need to make to do important partnerships like FICO weren't necessarily in our guidance at the time. So you're seeing increasing spend around some of those things, but it's more around the build activity which is upfront and then the migration activity. So I think you should view it as good progress and in the context of the $700 million to spend or just over $700 million to spend, we're talking about, we still think we're in a pretty narrow band with an adjustment during the year of about $20 million. So we're not feeling like there's big overruns, as Mark indicated, and the capital is really around the build segment, which we think is progressing and some things have been added that weren't in the original guidance that we gave you back in February.
John Gamble: Ex-PayNet the commercial business has actually done very nicely this year and with PayNet it's only accelerating. So as you know, as you remember that we made substantial investments in building out the CFM and that's improving. We did, -- we integrated SBFE. So we think we have a very good partnership here, we announced earlier in the year that we are one of the -- we're very early and think we have outstanding risk scores in commercial and have won some significant new customers. So that business was making progress on its own. And with PayNet we think it's going to accelerate. I think it's been going -- we mentioned on the May call that we were so impressed with the PayNet leader that, he is now leading our US commercial business, which combines our core commercial business with the new PayNet assets and business. And we're really energized about the last 60 days as he's been out in the marketplace really driving that business
John Gamble: Yes. So of the 10, 4 was 4 was through from acquisitions and that's just not PayNet, that would be DataX as well. Right. Because data was, as we said, bought in July of last year.
John Gamble: Yeah. So again, we think our margin performance improves as we go through the year and again that's driven by the growth rates we're seeing in revenue, in general. Right. So I think it's similar -- similar to the answer I gave to the last question, it's really the same here. And that's our expectation, as we go through the rest of the year. I think as you take a look at our EPS guidance relative to our revenue guidance, again, you're starting to see us forecasting improved EPS -- adjusted EPS, sorry, in the second half and that would go along with the improved -- the improving overall profitability.
John Gamble: And if you look at our credit business, right, we set our online business grew mid single-digit and have been growing high single-digit , which we think is very good and probably consistent with what you're seeing from other people actually, I think there has been other results reported in the quarter that, that were not quite that high. Right . So the difference for us was our -- was offline right, was the back -- was the deal business and we just had an execution issue in the second quarter, it's relatively , it's basically consolidated to that. So our expectation is -- as online will continue to perform and that will improve our execution in the back half.
