Richard Smith: Thanks, Lee. Hopefully, you get the sense that we’re continuing to win in the marketplace. Our performance is broad-based across all business units and many product lines. Our unique data assets are truly a differentiator for us, allowing us to gain share, win customers and build new products rapidly. Our team is executing on our initiatives.   And as we go forward and look at the fourth quarter, I won’t expect any improvement in the economic landscape. But rather as we’ve shown over the last couple years, we will win due to internally generated momentum.   For the fourth quarter, we expect again another strong quarter, especially when you think about the grandfathering of IXI and Rapid Reporting and a slowdown in the mortgage refinancing in the U.S. business. And we expect revenue to be up 8% to 10% from a year ago. And adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be somewhere between $0.58 and $0.61 a share. So operator, if you could open up the lines for some questions.
Richard Smith: One, I look at it this way; think about the margin in USIS. First quarter, it was down significantly versus 2009, down again at second quarter; third quarter up 90 basis points is a doggone good performance year-on-year. And it’s trending in the right direction. And I would expect that leverage to continue as we go to the fourth quarter. So I’m proud of what they’ve done. At the same time, you’ve got to remember that the Mortgage business, while it’s a great growth engine for us, is not the same margins as our online business. That’s where you get the big lift. That’s a good margin. I think any business would love to have that margin. But when you compare it to the online, it was less.  George Mihalos – Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Richard Smith: Yes. I think it’s obviously the new products we’ve developed. And those continue to gain traction, as I’ve mentioned before which is good news. We’ve talked about in CMS, our credit marketing business; we had significant growth in the third quarter, which we expect to continue in pre-screen as well as in the portfolio management.
Richard Smith: Yes. Think about it this way. What we had, if you go back to 2005, ‘06, we had low CapEx because we’re not investing in NPI at the rate we are now. So you had years of, and Carter, I don’t have the exact numbers, maybe $50 million to $60 million of CapEx that are now rolling off, they’re grandfathering. And you’ve got higher CapEx years from 2007, ‘08 and ‘09; we’re investing $80 million to $100 million so we can invest in more new products. So that’s one impact. Number two is I think as Lee mentioned or I mentioned, we’re investing heavily internationally in key markets around the world to drive organic growth. And I think it’s important for us in the long term. So it’s those combinations of things that don’t allow maybe a significant step up in margin. But I’m convinced over time we’ll get that increase in margin. I told you that our goal long term is to get the margin up over 24 to 25%. And we’re going to head in that direction. You also had some noise, Carter, in the third quarter itself with some deal costs, some professional fees costs. We had to shore up our AIP, our incentive plan. We got some equity grants that will be more expensive for us in the fourth quarter than they were a year ago. So you got some unusual things, if you will, that also creates some headwind.
Richard Smith: Investing in the countries we’re in, adding a lot more sales people, adding more marketing people, adding more TAS, Technology and Analytical Services people. Just reinvesting.
Richard Smith: Yes.Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Rick, obviously, you’ve made a lot of strategic moves both from an acquisitions standpoint and internal technology development and looks like they’re starting to pay off. The one thing I, as we look out to ‘11, I’d love to be able to understand and maybe quantify a little more is how much organic revenue growth, incremental revenue growth do you think you can get from the integration of some of the data you’ve bought, some of the analytics you’ve bought? Generally, the efforts to cross-sell your solutions, you’ve obviously had a lot of success on proprietary scores.
Richard Smith: Yes, that’s a good question. Let me answer it two ways. As I think about our model – I’m looking at the financial model because I’m not going to give guidance at this juncture for 2011. But think about our model, Andrew, and what we’ve talked about, which is, I think one, I don’t expect the economic landscape to be marginally better than 2010. At best, probably towards the back end of the year, we’ll see some improvement. So with that, I think our core growth will be in the low single-digit, 2% or 3%. And then I think on top of that, you’re going to get our strategic initiatives, which will give us 3% to 4% growth.Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay.
Richard Smith: Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And you’ve bought a lot of proprietary data. To the extent that you can deliver 3 to 4% revenue growth from those data, that’s pretty impressive, and it would certainly be rationale to make more acquisitions.
Richard Smith: Yes, good question. I think its two areas. There’s still some data assets that we want to get our hands on. That we’ve been consistent in the last five years, that’s the core of who we are. So we continue to look at data assets around the world. There’s data assets in the U.S. I’m interested in, and there’s data assets in almost every country that we operate in outside the U.S. Secondly, in TAS, Technology and Analytical Solutions, there’s some great opportunities there. This Anakam deal, while it’s small, doing more deals like that, that build out a suite of analytical products where Rajib Roy and his team in test, is a big area focus for us as well.Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:
Richard Smith: Absolutely. In areas like our debt income and enhancements income where we help banks understand risks and understand the ability to pay an obligation. Obviously, fraud’s a big area of focus for us as well. So yes, risk, its core to who we are and a growing area as well. Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you very much.
Richard Smith: We talk about mortgage in total, across all of our entities, as a percentage of total revenue. And it ebbs and flows, as you know, over the years to different rates. Think about it as being in the teens right now and that could be 17%, for example, this quarter. But it will ebb and flow from low teens to high teens. We expect to continue to gain share in ESS. We continue to outperform the index in the tri-merge as well.
Richard Smith: But it’s a – think of it this way, we built it back in, in 2007. And it was nothing then. And it’s going to be a nice sized business. And I’d mention, when we first launched it, I expect that business to be a $100 million at some point of time in the future. 
Richard Smith: Sure. Let me think about it this way. What you’re hear from the banks now is, obviously, we mentioned this I think in the second quarter, is the desire to get back out there and start growing their credit card portfolios cautiously. And when I say cautiously, leveraging some of our data assets that are unique, our debt-to-income assets make sure they’re targeting the right clients. So they’re getting their feet back in the water. You saw it with pre-screen up 14% in the quarter versus, I think, it was 6% in the second quarter, so sequentially accelerating growth from pre-screen, which is obviously a good indicator. We’re winning across all the different product lines there, again, TALX, IXI and the core credit file.
Richard Smith: It’s significant. I mean one benefactor of the active file increasing is a stability and an improvement in unemployment because obviously as unemployment rose, you went from active to inactive because you’re unemployed. So that’s one thing.
Richard Smith: I gave you the forecast over; I forgot the heck it was. I thought I said it was at least 10% growth for USIS in the fourth quarter. 
Richard Smith: That’s a very interesting question. Let me tackle then one by one. On the vitality, we’re there now. We have reached our 10% vitality in 2010, which I’m extremely proud of. And we’re re-base lining that and setting new targets now for the next three years, which obviously will go up. As far as the growth rate of the core versus the NPI, think about the model I just described I think it was to Andrew. If you think of the core business as growing a couple of percent, you get the total business growing 6% to 9%. Take out one or two points of M&A for the delta, which is three or four points, is with our strategic initiatives, which is largely NPI. So you’re taking a maybe a 2% growth business and making it a 5% growth, if you will, through NPI.Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it.
Richard Smith: Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets: Well, I was just thinking about that in the same context of how much you’ve kind of permanently lost. I mean there’s a certain percentage of your revenue that will never come back because of kind of subprime applications. And I think Lee has indicated in the past that it was maybe somewhere around 25% or so of USCIS.
Richard Smith: Think about it this way. Think about in the context of the financial model we’ve been trying to describe to you. I don’t think we’re going to go back to the days of consumer spending or consumer lending that we had back in the 2001 to 2005 era. Having said that, you should count on us building a sustainable business model that grows 6 to 9% with organic and a little bit of inorganic, and then some margin expansion beyond that through productivity. Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Richard Smith: Yes. The first part Lee jumped into, the first part of your question on the online. Yes, obviously, mortgage is reflected in online. But we saw kind of a broad-based performance on online, not just mortgage. Secondly, your question on pre-screen, it’s hard to predict. What we saw, though, is sequentially a pick-up in third quarter, a very substantial impact in fact, in third quarter pre-screen versus the second quarter. Again, it went from 6% to 14%.
Richard Smith: Yes, I don’t have that number. I could do some math for and you get back to you. But it’s really as broad-based. Don’t think about it as 50-50.
Richard Smith: Sure, a couple of us. We have a new International leader, as you probably recall, who is Brazilian, Paulino Barros.
Richard Smith: So, he’s very active in Brazil. We’ve hired a great seasoned Brazilian leader to run our operation down there, and who probably is known now for a number of years, and that will make a huge difference in Brazil. One of the countries that, when I was alluding to investing internationally, one of the countries we’re investing heavily in is Brazil to drive organic growth.
Richard Smith: Obviously, it is helping them find the right kind of clients to underwrite, accept as risks, versus those that are not. Secondly, is to help in an area that already have risks, how do we help them manage those portfolios more effectively. So our whole story’s been about building those unique databases that no one else has to help banks solve problems today that they couldn’t solve yesterday. There’s plenty of opportunity. 
Lee Adrean: I mean, in general, in SG&A, as Rick mentioned, we are expanding our sales forces particularly in some of the international geographies. We have expanded some of our marketing activities associated with new product innovation, product development and just market examination as we are working to drive more of the organic growth that Rick was just talking about. In terms of some of the onetime, but I’m not even sure I’d call it onetime, but we did have a step up compared to year-over-year in terms of deal costs of about $1 million primarily related to Anakam. But we’ll have step-ups that will tend to come in periodic pieces. We’re always looking at acquisition opportunities as a way to complement what we’re doing in our strategy. So you’ll see a little bit of fluctuation in that particular piece. Deal costs will tend to show up on the corporate line.
Lee Adrean: Down 7 or 8% in the second quarter. It was down 1% from the prior year in the third quarter.Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it.
Lee Adrean: Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets: Right. But transactions look like from second, third quarter last year were about the same. So that’s a pretty meaningful pickup, it looks like sequentially.
