Jeff Dodge: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call. I'm Jeff Dodge with Investor Relations. And with me today are Paulino Barros, Chief Executive Officer; John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer; and Trevor Burns, Investor Relations. Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the Investor Relations section in the About Equifax tab of our website at www.equifax.com. During this call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements to help you understand Equifax and its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Also, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax and adjusted EBITDA, which will be adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability of the underlying operational performance. For the fourth quarter of 2017, adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax excludes, among other things, acquisition-related amortization expense; certain costs related to the cybersecurity incident, including costs to investigate and remediate the cybersecurity incident; legal and professional services; a contingent liability for cost associated with providing free credit file monitoring and identity theft protection services to consumers; and the income tax effects of stock awards recognized upon vesting or settlement and in the recently enacted U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income attributable to Equifax adding back interest expense, net of interest income; depreciation and amortization; income tax expense and also excluding certain onetime items, including the cost related to the cybersecurity incident. These non-GAAP measures are detailed in reconciliation tables, which are included with our earnings release and are also posted on our website. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Paulino.
Jeff Dodge: Operator, I realize that the formal part of our presentation has been a bit longer than usual. We will stay past the 9:30 stop that we would normally do, but I doubt that we will be able to get through the queue, and so I want to apologize in advance to those who were not able to get their questions out, but we will be available later today by phone. So, with that operator, could you activate the Q&A session please.
Jeff Dodge: Okay. I'd like to thank everybody for their time and their interest. And with that, operator, we'll terminate the call.
Paulino Barros: Thanks, John. We have made a lot of progress in the quarter addressing our commitment to consumers, customers, partners and regulators. The business units are executing well and our center of excellence providing strong support to all our efforts. However, there's still more work ahead of us and regaining our credibility with our constituencies, including our shareholders. The DNA of this company is underpinned with both, a deep commitment to strong ethical principles and values and a strong focus on execution. As I have mapped with our employees throughout the world, I sense a great level of enthusiasm and commitment to move this company forward with a heightened level of focus on protecting and safeguarding all of the consumer and commercial information we store and manage. And with that, operator, we will now open it up for questions.
Paulino Barros: Our conversation continues to be very positive in this sense, as I explained the last quarter, coming from the emotional perspective to a more rational perspective. As you could imagine, we have been there in several hundreds of customers, talking to them about what happened, what caused, how it can help them actually to improve. Actually, the conversation runs about how we can improve their security system to be update in the areas that we're doing in improving our relationship. We have two customers that have a higher level of requirements for us to achieve, but it's not the majority of the customers. The most affected area in the company is the USIS; followed by Workforce Solution; and then, of course, GCS because the consumers, since we are not advertising anymore, we're not getting new consumers, and least in international. So, we haven't seen any specific share shift in the B2B side of the business. Of course, we have seen a degradation of the GCS consumer base, but nonmajor share shifting has happened so far. And as we continue to demonstrate our ability to understand and invest in our projects for the customers, the more closer they get to us and to the point they're now returning to acquire new services and products that we have.
Paulino Barros: Yes. If you look at the numbers that we achieved in 2017, right, the number of products that we have in the pipeline and the number of products that we launched. Our cycle is usually 18 months, right - 12 to 18 months to launch a product. [Indiscernible] the digital products more and the network products. Fortunately, we will enter 2018 with 107 new products in the pipeline, which will help us in the next 18 to 24 months. As we mentioned before, as we learn in this process, right, it takes that long first to fix the issues and to improve to a different level what we have here in the company. So, as John mentioned, we are moving some of the resources that we have to make sure that we improve our security and IT, as we mentioned. Now we still have part of it that we will continue to work in new products. And we continue to work in acquisitions. We continue to be looking for new opportunities. Again, John mentioned correctly. And as we've said last time, we are taking resources and initially were used to NPI towards making sure that we execute and do it right and fast on the IT and security areas.
Paulino Barros: Definitely, customer base. But if you - at the end of the day, Canada has been a very small impact. U.K. has been growing. Europe has been growing. Spain, a very important growth for us last year. Adopting, maybe because they're kind of one phase behind the U.S. launching new products and we're trying to expand one of the efforts that has been made in this company for years now is to expand our global platform, which has helped us significantly. Like, if products change, Cambrian and eventually, we will take InstaTouch outside of the U.S. So, to a lesser extent, we see that. But also important is the fact that a lot of the NPI that is driven by - that are driven by international are local as well. So, we have seen significant - actually, international continues to be one of the engines of this company for growth because they're NPI-based programs.
Paulino Barros: Yes, Again, I think that we have - especially for the verification side, we have several government agencies that use our services, right? It's definitely a very sensitive area, and we have to move with a lot of caution and to make sure that we regain the trust and confidence of these customers. We have been working on that. Rudy Ploder and myself have been at those customers, talking to them, explaining to them, offering for them to comment and see what we have implemented to audit our process as well to make sure that we can rebuild our trust with this segment of the industry.
Paulino Barros: Our focus will be to launch the Lock & Alert service, right, to make sure that we deliver in our commitment at November last and make sure that the consumers have a great level of service in that area.
Paulino Barros: I think you're referring to the inclusion of the seasonal reporting to me. So, this happened actually in the third quarter since - actually, a couple weeks after I arrived here. We have made a few changes at that time, which included the separation of the chief information security office from the - under the IT and reporting directly to the CEO. And also creating the chief transformation office area to make sure that we address all the issues related to the cybersecurity incident and respond to the cybersecurity incident with a focus to let the business units to continue to be focused on the business side and creating one area that can provide support for the cybersecurity incident, resources and actions.
Paulino Barros: As I mentioned on the transcript, right, our performance - third quarter was tough because there was a lot of negative energy around and unknowns around. And as we move to fourth quarter, there were - we have more time to prepare and to be able to reach out to customers and work with them, explaining what happened, how it worked and the actions that we put in place in order to remediate and build the future. We have seen - as we mentioned earlier, we have seen a lesser impact at the end of the fourth quarter. As we continue to work with the customers and demonstrate to them our improved [indiscernible] and the fact that, actually, we are raising the standards of what we want to operate, which is a - was very well welcomed by the financial institutions area. We are, of course, coming from cybersecurity incident. So therefore, we're being very careful on how we forecast our numbers to make sure that we don't break our tradition to be very close to execution reality, like we have been in the last 12 years.
Paulino Barros: Correct, yes. Well, actually, it just happened when I was doing this in Australia, we're finishing up the process. And it's a very unique, small business, a tuck-in, that we had in the area of employment side. We believe that this can help us in the future in the area to implement or to deploy our Workforce Solutions - The Work Number in Australia as well. This was a strategic move, a very unique company, very well positioned in Australia that we thought it was going to be of strategic value for us in the future.
Paulino Barros: Yes, on the rental side, we actually expanded this vertical. Given our success and understanding of the mortgage side, we expanded - we call this vertical no housing, which includes both, mortgage and rental, which provides a great opportunity. We have very little penetration in this market, and we have already made some strides towards it. We brought some experts in the area to work with us, and we believe there is a great opportunity for us to expand in the future.
Paulino Barros: Yes. And like I mentioned at the beginning, the more rational that we get about the process and the more that we make progresses within our remediation and investment program in IT and security-related areas, the more we expect this progress to continue. But at this time, it's not a trend.
John Gamble: We did talk about the impact of the cybersecurity incident on revenue, obviously, in the third and fourth quarters, and we said there'd be a continuing impact in the first quarter. So that as those impacts are now transitioning over 6 to 7 months, clearly, you're seeing some movement in revenue because of the fact that we are seeing an impact to us, right? But again, as Paulino said, we think the progress is very good with our customers in terms of our conversations. 
John Gamble: Really nothing specific, right? Obviously, the revenue at USIS is relatively rich. Mix shift can also affect it in the quarter. Our plans would have been built around assuming continued growth in USIS. So, since that didn't occur, we did have some elevated expense levels in the fourth quarter. And then, therefore, with the lower levels of revenue, we saw a bigger impact on margins than you saw in the third quarter. But nothing specific beyond that.
John Gamble: So, in terms of the impact of the cyber incident, again, we're not talking about revenue impacts that will have lasted 6 to 7 months. I wouldn't consider that delayed. That's revenue that has been lost. So, that's how I think you should consider that revenue. In terms of comparing us, the 4% to 5% growth, again, the model we have had prior to this, and I'm not reestablishing the model here, but I'm using it as a reference point.  The prior model we had for USIS was somewhere between 5% and 7%. So, to the extent taking these effects into account and excluding them, obviously, and adjusting for mortgage, if we're somewhere near 5% given the environment we're in right now and the effects of the cybersecurity incident that might be difficult to measure, I don't think 4% to 5% is that bad.
John Gamble: That's correct. So, in terms of when something is going to be considered nonrecurring, we're measuring it against specific project definition. So, the project has to be defined and agreed upfront and generally, some type of deployment or implementation. And when that occurs or in some cases, elimination. A significant part of the spending is around elimination of systems, not the addition of new. And when those projects are completed and then put into service and stable, then we make them ongoing. And it's only the cost of getting them into service and stable that we will exclude and consider nonrecurring.
John Gamble: So, we gave you a specific number for 2018. I can't give you a number beyond 2018. But in general, I think the way we think about it is to the extent we're successful, a reasonable portion of what we're doing results in system simplification. And since that's the case, the simplification should actually help drive IT costs down. Now there will be some increased costs for data security over time that will continue to escalate as we go forward. We expect that to be permanent. It was happening even before the cybersecurity incident. But a significant portion of the expenditure is around simplification, which that simplification will also hopefully drive lower IT costs in the future. If you look at our total IT cost as a percent of revenue, we spend at a healthy rate today. So, there's opportunity there.
John Gamble: So, I think the first part of your question is effectively how do we determine the value that we're indicating for the impact of the cybersecurity incident on revenue. And basically, the way we do that is we take a look at transactions that we could see had a reasonable likelihood of executing. And then we know a reasonable rate where those would have converted in the past and when that rate is substantially lower than we would have normally seen looking forward, we would attribute that to the cybersecurity incident. And that's how we did it. It's the same thing we did in the third quarter. Looking forward in terms of looking at 2018, we've given guidance for USIS for 2018. So, the best thing I can point you at is the guidance we've given for 2018. And as we move through the year, we'll talk more about how we're seeing the revenue performance progress. And then we'll talk more about how we're seeing new product deployments occur, which we've done historically. So, I think you'll be able to get a view based on those discussions as we go forward.
John Gamble: Paulino is going to address the specifics. But just to remember what we've said historically, right, is that we do expect to see deferral in the NPI pipeline as we go into 2018 because, obviously, we are taking a significant amount of resource and focusing it on IT and data security. So, you will see some of that, and it will result in a lengthening of the time period it takes us to develop and deploy new products. But I think Paulino can talk about it more.
John Gamble: Long, long term to a private question. To the extent we're successful as we simplify the systems based on the investments we're making, then that should also be beneficial to new products, as we pointed out. But again, that's after you're completed.
John Gamble: Yes. We don't break things really down by month in terms of our public disclosures. But again, the reason we said that we saw improvement as we went through the quarter in terms of the performance of those businesses related to the cybersecurity incident is, we began to deliver at a better pace versus the forecast that we've had for ourselves in areas that were impacted by the cybersecurity incident. So, we saw a lessening of the impact that we have expected as we moved through the quarter.
John Gamble: It's important to keep in mind, as we've mentioned, Verification Services performed well in the quarter. And as we've indicated, we expect it to continue to perform very well. So, Verification Services, which is the engine of growth and margin in that business and continues to perform well. We continue to add contributors to the database. So, we're quite happy with the performance of Verification Services as we look into 2018 and move through the year. We did indicate that for the first quarter, you'll see EWS to be a little weaker than the full year number. But overall, Verification Services is performing well. 
John Gamble: Yes. In terms of specific guidance beyond 2018, we're not going to give specific guidance beyond 2018.
John Gamble: In terms of the specific line item itself, most of those areas that I indicated had increased costs will impact the corporate line. So that's where you should model them. And also, the insurance cost, most of that cost will hit the corporate line. So, we should model that as well, but beyond that, no, nothing specific. We did also indicate obviously in the discussion that bonus accruals were down, so those should increase. So, all of those items should affect your corporate line. But in terms of specific guidance on corporate, we don't provide guidance by line item.
John Gamble: Yes. Again, so we gave guidance for the USIS in total. So, the specific line item guidance, we don't really provide.
John Gamble: So, in terms of the total number of people that have enrolled in TrustedID, that's not a number we disclose. In terms of GCS, I think as Paulino mentioned, for this year, we're not going to be advertising in the U.S. consumer segment in the first half of the year. And we indicated that the amount of advertising for the full year is expected to be relatively low. But in terms of specific plans for the segment, in general, I think that's something we're still working. And then we'll give you updates on that as we move through the year and make those determinations.
John Gamble: Yes. And I think in Paulino's prepared remarks, right, there was a substantial amount of discussion around the specific governance structures that have been created, including risk office, tech committee and other areas, that strengthen governance around security, as well as drive culture around security more than just technology. So that is a fair amount of detail there.
John Gamble: I think we'll just have to tell you as we move through the year, right? We're certainly expecting an impact. Our planning would assume that it will be greater in the first half than the second half. But obviously, as we move through the year, we'll just try to keep you updated because it's obviously a fluid situation. But we are making progress. 
John Gamble: So, in terms of specific trending on March, we gave first quarter guidance and full-year guidance. And in my prepared remarks, we did talk a bit about the expenses we expected to incur in 2018 specifically related to security, and then also that we expected to incur specifically related to insurance. And that was in the prepared remarks. So, I think that detail is there, so you should be able to use that in your estimates.
John Gamble: I'd say the ongoing investments are going to occur over the year., but in terms of the exact timing of when individual activities will get executed, I can't give you an estimate on that.
John Gamble: So not so much - the biggest benefit we got, obviously, in the quarter was really ID Watchdog, right, so the purchase of ID Watchdog. We got the full effect of the revenue from that purchase in the fourth quarter, so that was certainly beneficial. And then also, we've seen relatively good performance in Canada related to - in our GCS business in Canada, so you saw some benefit there. And those were two significant drivers. We also - this is the quarter in which we lapped our - the change in contract with Credit Karma. So that was a benefit to us in the period simply because we lapped the contract period year-on-year. So, I'd say those are the three things that probably affected GCS outside of the U.S. consumer business more than anything else. 
John Gamble: Yes. So, I think you kind of just did the puts and takes, right? So, obviously, we had a reasonable revenue decline. And then the most significant offset was related to the fact that we didn't have - that the marketing expense was obviously substantially declined for the worldwide. There was some marketing expense outside the U.S., but very minimal. So, and those were really the most substantial puts and takes regarding the margins of the business report. Tech spend was up a little bit because we're investing in Lock & Alert and TrustedID deployments, which would be incremental, too, which you'd normally see in that business because those are both - those both won't generate any revenue. But that - those are the general puts and takes that you see in that business right now.
John Gamble: Okay. So, Mercury, it's a relatively small business, right, in Australia. I don't think we specifically disclosed the revenue size. But it's a relatively small business, and it's generally related to the onboarding, employee services, employee onboarding and assisting companies in onboarding and new employees. So, it's somewhat consistent with the types of business we would have in our Workforce Solutions business in the U.S. It's also consistent with the type of business we would have in Australia. You might want to say more. 
John Gamble: In terms of tax rate. So, the 27% communicated is a little higher than you expected. So, there are still a fair number of the application of the Tax Act outside of the U.S., and certain circumstances are still unclear. So as those items are resolved, there's an opportunity for our tax rate to adjust. I would guess that based on the open items that are out there, if it's going to adjust, it would probably adjust down. But that's still not sure. But - so if it looks a little higher than you would expect, then I think it's probably driven by the fact that there's a fair number of uncertainties around the treatment of some specific tax items outside the U.S. As those become more clear, we can get more specific on the tax rate.
John Gamble: Let me just kill off the second one real quick. So trended data, yes. So trended data, we launched trended data a year ago in August, right? So, for fourth quarter, there was no trended data in 2016 or 2017 in mortgage.
John Gamble: No specific guidance at this point in time. Right now, what we're focused on is executing the plan that Paulino laid out and the IT and security actions that we discussed.
John Gamble: Yes. Certainly, we're not going to talk really specifically about Q1 at this point, right? And again, just to make sure I was clear in what I said, right, it was - what we said is the impact expected from the cyber breach in the specific business lessened as we moved through the quarter, right? So, it's a statement relative to our own expectation.
John Gamble: Yes. So, I think Paulino addressed this a little bit earlier, right, which is as we move through and we work with, with varying customers through the process that they have to make sure that they're comfortable with the cyber IT and data security actions we're taking. As we complete those reviews with a given customer, then we see that the process changes, and then our ability to sell discrete projects, as well as new products improves. And as we make progress with our customer base through that process, and we are making progress, then we see the opportunities to continue to sell new products. And then also, those discrete projects improves with time, and we are seeing that occur.
John Gamble: Sorry - we're - how about we just - and I apologize here. We're not able to find where you're seeing that.
John Gamble: Andrew, we don't see it here, so we'll have to take it off-line. So, we're not sure what you're referring to, okay? So, we'll maybe ... 
