Mark Begor: Yes. Thanks Manav. As you heard me earlier mentioned we're not prepared to talk about which settlements are included here and which are not, but that we were trying to be clear that included the significant issues facing the company our expectation is in the coming weeks as I also mentioned earlier in the call, we'll have some real clarity around that once we finalize the discussions that are actively underway.
Mark Begor: I think I said Manav in my comments that we expect PayNet to add 1.5% to USIS in the second quarter.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think on the last one that's one that I tried to be clear in my comments. First-off we were pleased to see that that growth which is really the first growth that we've had since the cyber incident in 2017. Those pipelines are building also, but I would still characterize the pipeline’s there and then broadly in USIS is still building, meaning they're not at full maturity. We've made great progress as you know go back a year ago we were on hold with many of our customers and that really improved as it went through the year. So, the pipelines broadly as well as in the financial marketing side really started building in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter and I tried to give some color that that pipeline is continuing. And I also highlighted our new leader is -- brought what I would characterize as a new level of energy and focus and accountability with that team as well as commercial engagements. I'm spending a lot of time with customers as does Sid, our new leader. And all the discussions are around growth. Help us with new products. Help us with new ways to grow our business. We want to access Equifax assets. So we're seeing good momentum there and -- but we still expect USIS and financial services to be what I would characterize as choppy, until they get the full maturity around their pipelines, which – it's hard to predict when that's going to be. We just haven't seen it yet.
Mark Begor: And there was really one big customer that drove this one situation, which I think we talked about in the fourth quarter and maybe some in the first quarter too, that really drove that change in the revenue. And I don't view it as kind of a secular change. It was really one customer who made that change and we focused on margin.
Mark Begor: Yeah. In terms of the overall market performance, we haven't seen much of a change really. I think you've probably seen that from what the banks have announced, right? Over the last several quarters, we're continuing to see the same trends that we saw in the fourth quarter continuing into the first quarter in the card market. In the auto market, you're seeing – you might be – you're starting to see delinquencies pick up a little bit in sub-prime, but that really tends to be relatively localized, we believe, and you are actually seeing the overall credit quality we think of the entire auto portfolio actually improving. So – but generally speaking, the trends in the markets we serve, as you mentioned, other than mortgage we think are relatively consistent with what we saw late last year.
Mark Begor: Sure. Trended data, I think, what – trended data is a key part of what we're trying to deploy and we continue to expand our product focus on trended data. I think, probably the most important thing, as Mark indicated, is as we move more and more to the data fabric, you'll see an increasing number of products that are focused on trended information. We still think we're the only party out there with trended commercial products, which will certainly extend now that we've acquired PayNet and it's something that we continue to expand in our portfolio. It isn't the driver behind our NPI, but it is an option – it is something that we're focused on in NPI. 
Mark Begor: I think we mentioned Andrew that in the first quarter USIS was slightly above our expectations, which those are the kind of signs we're looking to see. Meaning that the teams says they're going to deliver something and they deliver it that gives us more confidence that they have the visibility and we have it also.
Mark Begor: And the second half of your question about buyback or dividend, we're not prepared to make -- have any discussions about what our plans are in that front yet. We need to finalize these discussions as John pointed out finalize the timing of the payments. We've been clear with you and other investors that we also want to see some clarity on the USIS recovery which is positive, but still not as predictable as we would like. And then the other leg on that chair about our capital allocation plan is around the EFX 2020 technology investment that we're in the middle of and we want to see a little more visibility on kind of schedule and delivery on that. So, a long winded answer around a question around stock buyback or dividend that's the discussion that we'll be having in the future with you. We're not ready to have that today.
Mark Begor: Yeah. No, haven't seen those kind of dialogues around you characterized client caution. We have seen an increased dialogue with our customers around their work and we're partnering with them to do that about preparing for a potential economic slowdown. And what that really means, as you know, some of their focus around data assets changes to line management, credit line decreases, credit and collections a different focus on underwriting. So we've have got a number of customer dialogues going about wanting to work with us to be prepared for a potential economic slowdown. I don't think anyone is predicting it, but I would say that's a change for me in the last three, four, five months than it was kind of the middle of last year where that dialogue has been added to their kind of growth dialogue.
Mark Begor: Yeah. I assume you're referring, Kevin, to the like the benefits of speed to market and cost savings and all that stuff. If that's where you're heading we're working on that. We're going to be prepared to share that in the future with you and our investors. We're not ready to do that yet. But we try to be quite clear that we view this investment not only for USIS, but what we're doing around the globe as being transformational. We think it's going to differentiate us from our competitors. It's something that will be hard for our competitors to do at the same pace were doing. And we're seeing -- there is clear cost benefits of cloud versus legacy. There's clear stability reliability benefits. Meaning our focus is to move to always on versus 3 9s, 5 9s, 5 9s of stability. In today's world that's critically important. And then the speed to market, the ability to get products to market or in just data assets in weeks versus months is going to be another will benefit. So we continue to be energized about what it's going to deliver, and we know we've got a plan and the requirement to really share with you guys some clarity around those benefits. And I think that'll certainly come to the table when we're ready to put our long-term framework back in place. I think that's the time that we'll share some real visibility about not only our view of Equifax for the future, but the view of Equifax, including our investment in technology and security through EFX2020. 
Mark Begor: Yes. It's a great question. It's quite positive. We made the announcement back in March and we were working with FICO for about six months on this and start talking to customers really in the fourth quarter about it. And between us and FICO, we got a pipeline of I don't know a couple of dozen customers that are really energized about it. But the feedback is quite positive from customers about this is an option. Customer still want to buy from FICO directly. They want to buy from Equifax directly. But there's a set of customers that are really energized about the benefits that come from an integrated solution of FICO's software assets and Equifax' Ignite + InterConnect and differentiated data assets. So we're energized about it as we roll through the second quarter and into the second half.
Mark Begor: Yes. So maybe on the first one. Obviously this is a big project that we're doing and we're going to have slight delay. This was delayed by -- weeks or whatever. And that's going to happen and we just want to be transparent with you that we're working on it. And when we have something that's a little bit behind we'll share it with you. And when we're ahead we'll do the same thing. So we don't do that as a big issue. But it's just a level of transparency that we want to have because of the scale of the investment. With regards to the customer piece our goal and what we work on is to make this as easy as possible. But as you know these are never easy. Each customer has their own technology department. And we've done this before and we do it all the time and it's one that you just have to be open and transparent with the customer. You got to be visible with them. We got to work around their schedule make sure it works on where they want to do it. But our goal is to make it as frictionless as possible for them. But there's always work that they have to do when you make these transformations. 
Mark Begor: And you go back to fourth quarter, like USIS was kind of where we thought they are where we should be and where they committed to be. And we saw that again in the first quarter. They were actually a little bit ahead of our expectations. So that kind of a track record gives us confidence that all the things you're talking about are happening. Close rates are getting more predictable and pipelines are building. But it's -- we still remain cautious. It's only a couple of quarters in here of that kind of a track record.
Mark Begor: I think we've talked in -- yeah, I think we've talked in the past that this is a space that you go back as recently as a year ago or late 2017, we weren't as focused on FinTech as we should have been. I think that's an understatement. I think it's clear our competitors are much stronger. We have a great market position with the FinTechs with Workforce Solutions. A lot of the FinTechs are using The Work Number. So that's a strong market position. But if you look at our overall share in FinTech, it's quite small. And we talked last year -- I think mid-last year we doubled our commercial team in FinTech. We've got real pipelines now of dialogues with FinTechs. I've met with a bunch of them personally. And the dialogues with them are really quite positive about the fact that we had differentiated data. Work Number is one. Our credit file is another one. NCTUE, the utilities cellphone database. So the dialogues are quite positive. And we would expect to see FinTech grow from a fairly small level where it is today as we go through the rest of this year and into next year. We are really focused on getting into FinTech and being a bigger player there.
Mark Begor: Yeah. Zero. Don't hear anything on that. The term house in order, we look at it our house is in order. Meaning, our technology is sound. It works and I don't have to remind you. You go back to last year, before the cybersecurity breach, our technology was working fine. It still does today. We're taking advantage of our big investment in security to really transform our technology. And the dialogues of customers is really -- they're quite positive. They look at it, well this is the partner I want to be with, if they're going to make this kind of investment in their technology. And you couple that with our differentiated data assets, the discussions are very positive. So we don't have any customers saying well we're going to hold off. They are really quite energized. When I sit with them and talk about the commitment we have to them through this technology investment, the dialogue is we want to be partners with you guys. So that's kind of how -- what I'm hearing in the marketplace.
Mark Begor: Well the other thing is most of our customers, we have a few that are quite advanced on the cloud but very few. And those customers see what we're doing, the amount of investment we're making. And our technology teams are increasingly engaging with their technology teams about their own cloud transformation. And they want to learn from us. They want to follow what we're doing. So that's another element of the dialogue. And the same thing happens to security. We’re obviously have a commitment to be an industry leader in security. We made massive investments in the last 18 months in security and that's another dialogue with the technology teams about what are you guys doing around security so we can learn from that.
Mark Begor: Yes. It's hard for me Gary to talk about the technology savings. I think we'll get to that when we put our long-term framework back in place. But I think you see us making decisions now and we have in the last six, 12 months around investment decisions. We did our fairly significant restructuring in the fourth quarter and took some of those cost savings to the bottom line. But we also plowed savings back into more commercial resources. We plowed savings back into more DNA resources. We're obviously investing a ton in technology. We're very visible on that in security. And then NPI and new products has been and continues to be a priority for us where we're continuing to make significant investments. And we give you visibility on the new products we're rolling out to the marketplace. And some of that new product work is coming through our technology transformation. So we're investing in the future today. And what we do with the benefits from our technology and security investments I think we'll talk about that when we get to our long-term financial framework.
Mark Begor: Yes, I don't think we're ready, Bill, to talk about those. We've got -- because of those partnership kind of structural umbrella that we created. We're in kind of constant dialogues with Will Lansing and his team in different ways that we might work together. We're seeing some new things that were kind of percolating on that could be beneficial for us and FICO. I'm a big believer in leveraging our strengths with another companies through partnerships. And this is an example of where we're trying to exercise that muscle and find ways to do things that are going to benefit us FICO and our joint or new customers. So, stay tuned, I guess, is the right answer.
Mark Begor: You got two different questions in there. I think George, on the long-term growth targets, we've been very clear with you and others that we certainly intend to put long-term growth framework to move back in place. We've been clear that there were a number of things we wanted to see some clarity on. One was our legal and regulatory settlement which we made progress there but that's not complete yet. Second was on our technology transformation. And again we're making progress on that and we want some more visibility there. And third was on USIS which may be a part of your question, we want to see some stability in the recovery. And we're kind of a couple of quarters into say due meaning they're delivering where we thought they were going to deliver. And we want to see some continued performance as well as sequential growth there. And those are kind of the three things that John and I in the leadership team think about before we're going to put a long-term framework in place. And we continue to be confident that not only USIS, but Equifax will recover to where it was pre-breach and that confidence comes from our discussions with customers, our growing pipeline, our differentiated data assets, all those we think are going to allow us to return. I don't see anything structural. It's just a matter of time. And we're seeing some positive progress in the first quarter. We expect that to continue in the second quarter and as well through the rest of the year.
Mark Begor: But we try to give visibility and just maybe more anecdotally here that John and I are seeing those pipelines build and the evidence for you is USIS delivering what they -- what we commit that they're going to do, and we've done that for couple of quarters and we want that to continue.
John Gambler: Yes, the contribution for M&A this quarter was relatively small, right? Really the most substantial contribution was DataX and it's less than $5 million in the period. And then we had some other very small acquisitions in international and very small acquisitions in EWS, none of which were material in any way.
John Gambler: The full year we gave a view for PayNet. As you get into the second half, the substantial impact for Equifax of acquisitions is really just PayNet because we start to wrap around the period in which we bought DataX as we get into early in the third quarter.
John Gambler: Yeah. So for your second question, that's correct, right? The revenue per transaction is lower, but the level of profit per transaction is relatively similar. Slightly higher in Mortgage Solutions obviously, but relatively similar. And in terms of whether it's a secular trend that's going to continue. No, I think it's really more market based, right? So it depends on competitive forces in the market. And you've seen our share of Mortgage Solutions go up and down within our portfolio over the years. That will probably continue to happen. Just, right now, we're in a situation where the competitive environment is such that we're better off having more of those sales go through the channel.
John Gambler: I think Mark covered it all, right? But the fact is I think we're starting to see more consistency in terms of delivery versus near-term forecast, right? And that gives us comfort that the visibility that we believe we have as we look forward is starting to improve. It's not what it was two years ago, but the accuracy of our forecast versus delivery is certainly getting better.
John Gambler: Yes. So in terms of the timing of any payments I think we need to complete the discussions as Mark mentioned. So when that's done, we'll have a lot more clarity on that. But the payments are likely some time in the future and our expectation is that we'll be borrowing to make any payments that we made. So that is our expectation.
John Gambler: Sure. So I think what I -- Mark kind of mentioned timing which is certainly important right? And that's really what's going on now. As we continue to build in the funnel and there's more opportunities available, our comfort with our ability to close within the funnel which is now larger is improving, right? So to us timing of closure and rate of closure are very similar, because they're just separated in time, right? And we continue to focus and Sid and team has done a great job of focusing on just building the funnel, so that if the timing is variable which it has been and continues to be and is more variable than it used to be. That's all still true. But as we continue to build the funnel to have more opportunities, we're getting more comfortable that we're able to deliver our forecasts, because we have greater opportunities to deliver. So, I really -- I don't think it's really in any more complicated than that. And as the funnels continue to feel better, we get more comfortable with delivery. And quite honestly, as months pass and we deliver on the numbers that we commit to ourselves, we get more comfortable as well. And that's really what's going on. And you're still choppy.
John Gambler: Yes. So, obviously, the FICO price increase impacts us. It impacts our customers. We pass it through to our customers and it will impact both revenue and margin. It's kind of a very similar story to what we had last year with the price increase related to mortgage. So, it's really no different than that. In terms of magnitude, we don't give specific numbers in terms of the magnitude of dollars of that occur with the partner. But it'll be very similar in concept to what happened with mortgage, just much smaller.
John Gambler: So the full year, PayNet was a plus, exclusive with the mortgage market would be better, would be less bad than we had indicated initially. And then with the weakness is GCS is a bit weaker than we said and initially back in February than we thought. And FX was quite a bit more negative than we thought, right? We said 0.5 point of growth were being impacted by FX, and probably the smallest of the three is -- Australia is a bit weaker but that isn't the driver.
John Gambler: So we currently have moved -- we're not going to give numbers as we go. But we're well into the migration. It's still early days. So -- but the team has moved to substantial number of clients on to cloud fabrics. So that's -- we think that's going well. And the migrations are going on to InterConnect SaaS. And initially things move on to the -- to our private cloud and then they'll move on to the public private cloud as things move forward. But that migration is going well and that last step is simple. So we feel very good about how things are progressing and that the team is working really well.
John Gamble: And I think we said previously that in both cost of sales and then also our development expense that we would expect to see the type of savings that you've seen from other companies that have moved from the cloud. So, we've seen savings that are double-digits in percentages and we would expect to be able to deliver those types of savings. 
John Gamble: So our Financial Marketing Services business is principally CMS. If I don't cover your question, sorry, but it's principally CMS. And we saw nice growth in CMS this quarter. CMS is really consistent with the normal type of products that you'd see go into credit marketing services of a financial institution. So we don't sell anything particularly different than that. We have seen an expansion into a new customer base. We started to start selling into consulting firms and some other firms that also can utilize our data for appropriate reasons. So we're starting to see an expansion of the customer base. But other than that no trends that are different than normal.
John Gamble: Yes. There's really two efforts there. One is on our partner business. As you know, we've got relationships with Credit Karma Life Lock and others like that. So continued growth there and that's performing well that side of the business. On the core D2C business, direct-to-consumer, we're both accelerating our advertising. So that's going to help grow our subscriber growth there. But the real game changer for us is the big investment we're making in our technology, our Renaissance platform that's going to allow us to do things like cross-selling and other things with the business that we think will help later in the year and particularly in 2020. So that's some of the things that the team is working on in GCS.
John Gamble: The team has done a nice job of putting the customers in categories. We have some customers where the impact on them will be relatively minor because they use gateways more than anything else. So that's a relatively small lift for them and quite straightforward. Other customers that use our decisioning very heavily we actually manage the decisioning system for them. So in that case we can do most of the work. And for them it's mostly testing which isn't a nothing lift. But it's -- but we can try to take a lot of the heavylifting ourselves. And then with the kind of the rest of the customers which is a large group of customers, the team has done a really great job of building out standard solution architecture sets that they can help the customers deploy more rapidly and that should actually give them more functionality than they have today. So it's not just the migration per saying, it's the migration that gets them more and gets them on to a standard product set that will allow them to actually extend the usage of the product and we're going to build on that as we go forward and that's a promise we're making to the customer. So I think they have a very good plan that's structured well and that they're progressing on. 
John Gamble: Actually it's done as Mark said based on when the customer's ready to engage. So a lot of the smaller ones occurred that's certainly true because that's more within our control, but there's also substantial customers where we're also working on migration already. So it's really depending on when the customer is ready to receive the work. 
John Gamble: And the choppiness is still there. We don't want to -- have you think that it's not. It's still there. And certainly there could be period where things that don't occur the way we expect, because the pipeline isn't as big as normal. We could still end up with an unexpected outcome. So it's better, but it's not different than what we said a quarter ago.
