John Gamble: Yes. I think Mark covered it very fully. Just one other fact to be aware of, right. If you look at the fourth quarter and you exclude GCS, even with a very weak mortgage market, we had 4% growth again in the other three large businesses. So again, what we think we’re seeing is continued progress, because holding it 4% given that the substantial degradation in the mortgage market, we think again those show that we’re continuing to see progress in the three main businesses. And as Mark said, we do expect to see GCS to substantially better as you get into the end of next year, not because that’s driving lots of growth, they’re simply lapping a lower level of revenues you get in the second half and we’re just expecting that we’re going to start to see subscribers kind of flatten out as they can in our market. So, as we said, we do have a broad range still in our guidance, but those are the factors driving us forward.
John Gamble: Yes. So as Mark said, looking at the business units, we expect them to be up. It’s really being driven by EWS. EWS is going – we expect to have a nice year, verifier is going to grow very strong, and as you know, verifier revenue is very, very rich in margin. We’re also expecting to see international to be up slightly. USIS margin performance, we think is going to be better than it was this year. It may not be up, but we’re expecting to see much better performance than we saw this year. And GCS, they’re going to be down. We said we’re going to start advertising, so you’re going to see declines. But when you add that all up, we think that’s why we get some comfort that we’re looking at BU margins that are better, again as you look across the range of our guidance that are flattish to up. So we think that’s absolutely a positive sign. Corporate expense, high in the first quarter, right, and it’s high into the first quarter, because of equity. So, you’re seeing corporate expense on an absolute basis should actually decline as you go through the year, because of the fact that the – our equity and variable comp is so much higher in the first half – in first quarter, sorry. And the other thing that benefits us quite honestly is first quarter revenue historically, and this quarter is low. So as revenue grows, the margin effect of those fixed costs in corporate that we’re talking about actually goes down, and that benefits our margins as we go through the year. So you get – you get kind of merge all that together and I think that’s how you get the improving margin performance we’re talking about through the year. Hey, there are risks; Mark talked about them. The biggest risk obviously is sector information. We need to execute for that to be – for us to be successful on our margins and as we move more and more things to the cloud, those costs will certainly start to affect us, but net-net, we think – we think that I covered it pretty full.
John Gamble: Yes. So, I’m not going to go out to two years, right. But in terms of CapEx, I think CapEx for next year – this year, sorry 2019, we’re expecting it to be kind of flat, right, with this year. The other dynamic that you’re going to see in 2019 is that we don’t really have the insurance proceeds recovery, but importantly, as you look at 2018, and obviously, we published our cash flow, the nice thing that you see is our net debt position actually improved as we went through the year. And even with the increased CapEx that substantially increased obviously non-recurring technology investments, as well as some small acquisitions we are able to continue to keep the balance sheet very strong and since we think our operating performance is somewhat consistent in 2019 versus 2018, as well as we’re talking about some lower levels of overall spending in 2019 slightly on the technology transformation, we would expect that we would be able to maintain a good balance sheet position as we go through 2019 as well.
John Gamble: Manav, on your question to me, I just want to make sure I was clear. My commentary doesn’t include the – any impact on the outcome of the regulatory or legal matters that are ongoing. Obviously, those would be on top of – those cash outflows will be on top of anything I just said.
John Gamble: The other place is international, right. Our international footprint very different than our competitors. So, our opportunity to grow there is different than theirs.
John Gamble: So, I think about all we can say at this point is when the transfer maintenance is complete; the CapEx numbers should certainly decline. To give you the exact number, it’s way premature, but it should certainly decline.
John Gamble: Yes. I think you could probably do the math with USIS’s historical growth rate was kind of pre-cybersecurity incident and where it was in 2018 adjourn, it was obviously quite significant.
John Gamble: We put some expanded detail into our 10-K on our regulatory and legal matters, and I’d encourage you to take a look at that disclosure in there, which has a lot of detail about where we stand on that.
John Gamble: Well, you’re clearly correct. Right, as you look through 2018, our ability to forecast our revenue was not nearly as good as it’s been historically. And I think we’ve talked about quite consistently the fact that we expected it to be choppy, right. Our conversion was choppy and our ability to forecast that was choppy. But we feel a little better this quarter than we did last quarter, because if you take a look at fourth quarter performance, really that what we missed based – really heavily based on the mortgage market. And I go back out to the impact of the mortgage market, and we were fairly good in terms of the revenue forecast that we have for the company, a little bit of weakness – a little more weakness in Australia than we guess, but other than that, I think – but relatively good. So we feel a little better given the performance in the fourth quarter, but we also accept, one quarter does not a trend make. So we are focused on getting better. We think our pipeline conversions are improving. We saw way better conversions in sales of batch jobs in USIS in the fourth quarter. All things that give us comfort, that things are getting better and our predictability is improving. But we do caution people that still it’s going to be choppy and it should be less choppy as we move through 2019 and as we get back toward the end of 2019 as Mark talked about with the expected improvement in performance, we’re expecting to start feeling a lot more normal. We would hope as we get toward the end of 2019.
John Gamble: So, we tried to give two numbers okay. We did indicate that we were going to see continued increases in security. We didn’t try to quantify and this is our run rate, what’s included in adjusted EPS. So, I didn’t quantify a specific number and I think what I could say is, we reached run rate and we’re probably now going to see more normal growth in security spend and security spend growth rates are high, right. So, you should expect to see us grow our security spend like – like many companies would, but not have the significant step-ups we saw in 2018. In terms of our other spend embedded in our technology transformation is obviously investments that certainly improved securities. So, we separately gave a number around the tech transformation spend of about $300 million this year, which is down slightly from 2000 – from 2018. That is not – that is not just security in anyway, but the security spend that’s non-recurring would be embedded in that number.
John Gamble: And quite honestly, given that the way we serve customers are so different by customer and by application, be difficult for me to give you an average. Just needless to say as Mark said, right, as the database grows, our ability to respond goes up and it’s a significant benefit to us.
John Gamble: We expect to make a lot of progress in the next couple of years, but in terms of the specific response to your question, we need to let some time pass. And yes, we do expect to see benefits as we move forward, right. We said we’re going to see – we’re going to see major changes move into the data fabric in 2019. That absolutely benefits us as we go into 2020, operationally, speed to market, a lot of different ways. So, we certainly do expect to see benefits. Financial benefits don’t happen until you turn something off, right. Turning something on doesn’t give you financial benefit, but turning it off does. So the turning it off part, so the financial benefit, that’s a lot more starting in 2020.
John Gamble: We tried Gary to give you some color. I think you got to be the judge on that too, but we’re trying to give some color on the significant part of the comps on this, meaning, the cost in the first quarter versus the ramp rate that we had last year, the mortgage headwinds that we start to comp out on as we get into the second half. So, there is a big element of that. And at the same time, we gave a range that we were intentional about for revenue and EPS, because there are some uncertainties out there that we wanted to make sure you understood. At the same time, there’s a number of our businesses, in particular, EWS that we have a lot of visibility and kind of clarity on, when you think about the headwinds in Australia for international and a lesser degree Argentina, and then the U.S. mortgage headwinds in United States, we try to – for USIS, we try to put a box around those of what we think is reasonable. But those have been proven to be hard to forecast for us in the last six to 12 months. And then you lay out the last factor on top of USIS, we think we’ve got a good case here inside of the range that we provided, but we know that is less predictable today than it has been in the past.
John Gamble: And as we said in the past, right, I mean, the thing that we – that we just have to keep in mind and focus on is the fact that when you add this much additional activity, right, it does create more complexity. So, as Mark said, we’re focused on making sure that it doesn’t impede the way we’re able to deliver, but it’s also a significant challenge for our team that they have to stay very focused on, because when you’re going through a transformation and adding this much resource to try to do it at pace that it absolutely will impact your – it does create more complexity in your processes and just something we have to work through.
Mark Begor: Yes, Manav, it’s a great question. As you might imagine that lost on me and the rest of the leadership team. This is a massive undertaking on our part, it’s one that you have to execute well and what are we doing about it? First, it starts with having great people and I talked about the rebuild of our technology and security organization, and we brought in really talented people that have done this before. Our new technology leader did a full legacy mainframe conversion to cloud it – in its prior business in 18 months. Now, we’re not going to do that quickly, but he’s been there, done that, knows how to do it, he brought in a team to make it happen. So that’s point number one. Point number two is just real rigor around the execution. We have very detailed plans. I’ll try to give you a flavor of that on the call this morning. And you know the other flavor I try to give you is this like things are rolling. We started really this technology transformation in a big way, ramped up in the middle of last year, and we’re starting to see the benefits of that, meaning, things are being delivered to the marketplace in the fourth quarter, the stuff happening – happened in January and February. So, real cadence of delivering these application upgrades. And third is really partnering with the very best. And we talk to a lot of the cloud providers and we use really all of them in different way, shape or form, but I think I highlighted in the call that we’re really focused on partnering with Google, just because of their capabilities, the quality of their cloud, the depth of the cloud is really important to us. So people, real rigor in the process, John and I, and the leadership team, have a regular cadence of looking at the projects of how are they being delivered, are they on cost, are they on budget, are they on time? Okay they’re installed; they’re in the cloud onto the next one. So there’s that kind of rigor around it. But we’re on it is really the approach that I have and it starts with people.
Mark Begor: Yes, it starts – to start with, we believe that our speed to market of both ingesting data more quickly, having it easier access by our customers and then really a differentiator is going to be speed of getting new products to market. Today, we’re slower than we’d like to be, for sure and that becomes a competitive disadvantage if your competitors are faster than you are and we really believe this is going to leapfrog in that element, and then the other is going to be costs. Moving these legacy applications to the cloud is we’ve talked many times, we have multiple versions of the same application, we’re going to consolidate to one, then we’re going to move that to the cloud. And then when it’s in the cloud, we can also leverage it across the 24 countries we operate in and not recreate it in each market that we’re in, so that cost leverage is going to be a massive to us. And you actually touched on probably the third leg on this speed, cost, it’s really going to be what are the features and having a differentiated access to our data could be revenue upside. Today, to access some of our multiple siloed database is doable. We have products that bridge across that and technology. When we have that single data fabric, we’re convinced that that’s going to allow our customers and us to really access the wide array of differentiated data we have more easily.
Mark Begor: Yes, David, you probably know from prior calls. We’ve been crystal clear that we’re not prepared to put a long-term framework back in place. We want to do that, we will do that, but there has been a couple of things that we’ve been quite clear about that are going to be important to us to really get nailed down before we’re prepared to do that. First is really seeing a path on our legal and regulatory settlement framework and we don’t have a – we don’t have that framework today. So that’s the one that’s important to us to have real clarity on for you and us before we put a long-term framework in place. Number two is really this technology plan and we’re – we made massive progress in the last six months about getting this plan laid out. We still got some work to do around; really deeply quantifying the financial benefits on top and bottom line. So that’s still on our to-do list, but that’s something that we need to complete to put that inside of our long-term framework. And then third is really USIS, and really seeing some consistency of their return to growth. We’ve seen positive performance kind of quarterly in 2018, that’s been masked somewhat by the headwind that they have in the U.S. mortgage market, but seeing that consistency of recovery from USIS is important to us. So when those three are in place, we’re going to be ready to put our long-term framework back out there.
Mark Begor: Andrew, as you know, it’s probably a mix of the two. We compete hard just like the other guys do for business and we’re out there doing it. We had competitive wins in the last couple of months that I would say you’re – you could characterize them as zero-sum game. That’s one where we move from secondary to primary, whatever, and our competitors are trying to do that to us every day, and that was happening before the breach and you and I have talked a couple of times during 2018. But there’s some unique aspects of our business. When you think about our EWS business, that’s one that’s quite unique. Our competitors don’t have a business like that, and that business growing at the rate it’s growing. I wouldn’t characterize that as a zero-sum game, because it’s really different. You said it’s different markets, et cetera, and our competitors have businesses that we don’t compete with their segments. So, I would say it’s a mix of the two.
Mark Begor: Maybe, Andrew, just to add an example, I think we’ve talked before in meetings with you and I about the FinTech space. That’s an example, where it’s a mix of the two. We historically didn’t have the presence that we should have there. Our competitors were much more aggressive commercially. We changed that in 2018. But there is also the element that I talked about in my comments earlier of taking our TWN data assets to the FinTech space is something that’s quite differentiated, our competitors don’t have there. So that’s a great example, where we hope to have some competitive wins in FinTech as we go into 2019, and we’re working on it as we speak, but we’re also bringing new data assets there that we’re really just helping that customer set like others, improve their decisioning.
Mark Begor: Yes. So, we’re looking forward to 2019, a part of what’s happened, right, part of what we’ve talked about when we talk about the first quarter, we have increased security cost is because we’re lapping the increase in those costs in 2019 from 2018. So, we’re certainly seeing those increases and those increases are continuing and we would expect to see security costs continue to rise, but the – the very large increase that we saw during 2018 and the big one-time step-up in insurance costs, those things occurred in 2018. And so we shouldn’t see the same type of step in 2019, but we will still incur those costs.
Mark Begor: And I think that also, Jeff, you kind of leading into our financial framework, which we’re not prepared to talk about on a long-term basis, but I think John comment – the investment that we’re making should result in that coming down in the future, but I don’t think we’re prepared to talk about what that is yet.
Mark Begor: You saw our growth and you saw our competitors’ growth, right? So, there was a quite a significant difference, but for us to quantify specifically, that would be very difficult.
Mark Begor: Dramatically different. When you think about 2018, the first half of 2018, our focus was really on doing a lot of security remediation improvements and all that. And Bryson joined us, his team started to join us. He changed out about half of the team as we roll through the second half of 2018 and his focus was really on helping us refine a plan that is what we talked about today. So, it’s – I would characterize it is dramatically different given his experience, his teams’ experience, there are lessons learned of doing this before. He has really shaped the plan that we’ve put in place. And again, we try to give you a flavor this morning that is detailed that there’s real ownership around specific projects. It’s not like nothing is going to happen between now and 2020, there’s stuff happening every week, meeting deliverable to the marketplace, and I’ll give you a lot of color on things moving in to the cloud in the fourth quarter, in December and January, just kind to keep pacing through. We’ve got a very deliberate and very focused planned to really drive this transformation over the three-year period, but going forward, over the next 22 months in 2019 and 2020.
Mark Begor: You hit both nails on the head, that’s their business model. And you know, they’ve invested heavily in their technology in the last 12 months or so to make it easier for what I would characterize the next year of companies to more easily connect to EWS and provide their data assets, so that’s one, meaning that they’re kind of mid-market customers or companies that have 1,000 employees or 2,000 employees versus 20,000, making it easier for them to commit. As we pointed out, we added more records in the fourth quarter than we have in last five years. I think it’s similar on the number of companies that are now partnering meeting. We’re really ramping that up. So that’s point number one. And inside of that more record growth is just an increased focus in success on partnerships, where we’re working with other payroll providers to have a partnership around getting data from that source as opposed to directly from the company. And then you hit the nail on the head the second side, which is more use cases, whether it’s government that, it’s one that grew for us strong double digits in 2018. We expect that to continue in 2019, meaning, above the average. And just other use cases as we continue to take that growing asset. And then lastly, as I mentioned, and you know this that when we added data – another data record there, another payroll record this afternoon, it monetized tomorrow morning. As just the hit rates go up, the monetization is very, very rapid as you grow that. So, we’ve got a very strong focus and Rudy has a very strong team focused on adding those data assets, and of course, he’s got vertical owners and commercial teams out there, building out how the data is used and how it can help in decisioning in lots of different industry segments. You guys – you know this is a great Equifax business.
Mark Begor: So, we actually use inquiries. So, in theory, at what we’re doing is we’re trending the actual inquiries we received, which I don’t think you have access to. So, we – that’s the index we use. And since we see all inquiries, we think that’s probably relevant in period. So in period, that’s the basis going forward. We use three or four different sources for a third-party input on what we expect to happen with the overall mortgage market, and then we trend the inquiries from that point going forward. So, it’s not only mortgage origination that you’re seeing, but we’re also seeing the impact of whether people are shopping more or less and we try to build that into the forecast. We would really admit forecast in the mortgage market is difficult, it’s difficult for – I think everybody, but certainly difficult for us. We think what we have is a reasonable trend and showing reasonable improvement, but obviously, if the mortgage market gets better, faster, we’ll get the benefit of that, right. If it stays weaker, we’ll see that as well, it’s pretty direct.
Mark Begor: Yes, great question, Brett. First on the migration, you hit on the head that in some regards, that’s the most challenging part of this process is moving your customers from a legacy platform to one of the new platforms and that’s not new for us. We’ve been doing that for a long time, because we’re – we’ve been constantly upgrading our technology. Our focus is to make it easy for our customers, to make sure that the new application is going to provide value-added services to them, and then we’re going to work with them in their cycle. You know they’re going to have specific cycles about when they’re ready to make a migration or a change given their technology plan. So, we’ll be – we are dialoguing. It’s not a new muscle for us; we’ve been doing it before with our customers and really working through that migration process going forward. On your second question around the incentives, you hit on a really important point. As you might imagine, you’ve got a leadership team here, an organization that is incented to run and grow the business, but at the same time, we’re going to change the tires on the car, whatever the right analogy is, doing a technology transformation. So, the answer is yes, we have put in some specific incentives with the leadership team around the EFX 2020 transformation. We think that’s really important to have them aligned. With that, this massive project as well as aligned with our investors around that project going forward. And then lastly, that we put a security metric in place in our cash bonus plan in 2018, we’re continuing that in 2019. We think that focus around the security incentive is the right one. I think you know we’re the only companies out there that has this kind of a metric and the way it works is in – we’ve got 3,000 people that are in our AIP bonus plan, and there is – the 25% of that bonus is tied to the organizations and individuals progress around security and it’s only punitive. So meaning, if we don’t meet our security goals, which we did last year, so there was no takeaway in 2018, but we don’t meet them in 2019, there could be a metric there. Other big believer in aligning people and the organization around what our goals are. So, we’ve got very good goals around growth and financial incentives. We’ve got the security goal and then we’ve added this EFX 2020 incentive to align the organization around this technology transformation.
Mark Begor: Yes, Bill. I don’t remember saying a two-year high, but I probably did or one of us did. But there’s no question of pipeline build through the year last year and that continued in the fourth quarter. I think John talked about our execution on deals in the fourth quarter. I know you’re referring to USIS I believe in this, in your comments, which is what we’ll address and that’s continuing in the first quarter. We just have active dialogs. We feel like we’re back to kind of normal commercial discussions, the security discussions, we’re not having really anymore with our customers. Although, our customers continue to want to learn from us about what we’re doing, when you’re investing the amounts we are in security and technology, we’re putting cutting edge stuff in. So there, we’re doing a lot of best practice sharing which builds our relationship, our partnership with our customers. But as we continued in the first quarter, we see those pipelines continue to be quite strong; at the same time, we try to be clear on this call and prior calls that predicting the closure rate on those when you’re still building pipelines versus a run rate pipeline that we had in September 2017 before the cybersecurity incident. And as you know, that kind of new deal pipeline in September 2017 went away and we’ve been working hard to build that over the last 15, 16 months and continued positively, which is reflected in the guidance we tried to give for 2019 and how we see USIS progressing as it goes through the year. But again with that caution that this is hard to predict on when deals are actually going to close. So that’s the one that we’re not back to our normal ability as John mentioned a few minutes ago to really forecast how our yields are going to close inside USIS and that’s still to come for us.
Mark Begor: And again, I mentioned a couple of times on this call, the beauty of this business is that we had in that record today and it’s monetized tomorrow. That’s kind of the great thing about the business when you’ve got a lot of use cases, whether it’s mortgage or government or ticket and your hit rates go up, that means your revenue goes up. So, it’s quite an exciting workforce.
Mark Begor: Gary, I think we also try to give some color this morning with actually – when some things are happening, we try to spice them out as you know things that were installed in the fourth quarter, things are happening in the first quarter. So that is going to provide benefits. It’s not a switch that’s going to be switched on at the end of 2020. This is going to happen all the way through this timeframe and beyond 2020. The benefits are going to accrue from these significant investments.
Mark Begor: Yes. From our perspective, Nick, I would and John you should jump in. We don’t see the tech transformation impacting our ability to grow. It’s really going to be a positive going forward and we got focused and dedicated technology teams. We’ve ramped up a lot more resources there. So, this is focused, the teams that are working on it are working on it. Our commercial teams are just doing what they should do every day, out there selling. Now, they’ll have a role when we get ready to use the migrations of working with our technology team, with our customers, technology team and their counterparts inside of our customers, but I don’t see this having an impact on impeding growth in anyway. And the other element is, when we talk to customers, you think about, if you’re going to be partnering with someone, who is going to make this kind of investment in their infrastructure, we’re doing it for our customers. So, it becomes a very positive dialog about the partnership with our customers. They’re quite positive about what we’re doing on technology, what we’re doing on data analytics, the ability for them to more easily access the data, this becomes an easier commercial discussion about doing things this week and next week, because of the kind of partner we’re going to be long-term for them when we complete elements in this EFX 2020 transformation.
Mark Begor: Yes. That’s just – in our business, we used go-to-market in two different ways in mortgage. We have mortgage solutions, where we actually sell the tri-merge report, we take our reports, combine it with our competitors and sell the report or – and/or we simply sell our report to somebody, who does that combination so, to a reseller. And we are just talking about that we see – we have seen shifts – channel shifts in and out of our core mortgage business as we move through the year. And as we get into 2019, we’re probably going to see continued channel shifts. We would expect probably away from us in core mortgage in the first half.
Mark Begor: It is, it is absolutely, because that doesn’t change the number of inquiries. It just changes what we deliver, yes.
