John Gamble: Thanks and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call. I'm John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer. With me today are Mark Begor, Chief Executive Officer; and Trevor Burns, Head of Investor Relations. Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the IR Calendar section of the News and Events tab at our IR website, www.investor.equifax.com. During the call today, we will be making reference to certain materials that can also be found in the Presentations section of the News and Events tab at our IR website. These materials are labeled Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Also, we will be making forward-looking statements, including second quarter and full year 2022 guidance to help you understand Equifax and its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors that may impact our business are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our 2021 Form 10-K and subsequent filings. We will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax and adjusted EBITDA, which will be adjusted for certain items that affect the comparability of underlying operational performance. These non-GAAP measures are detailed in reconciliation tables, which are included with our earnings release and can be found in the Financial Results section of the Financial Info tab at our IR website. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we eliminated our GCS operating segment and moved its lines of business into Workforce Solutions, USIS, and international in Canada and Europe. As a result, Equifax now has three operating segments. You can find reconciliations of our 2020 and 2021 prior business unit operating segment results to this new structure in the 4Q '21 earnings release Q&A. Equifax has a non-controlling ownership interest in a Credit Bureau in Russia. We are providing no operational or financial support to the company. In the first quarter, we wrote off our investment and reflected a $19.5 million one-time charge. And beginning with the first quarter of 2022, we are no longer reflecting income from the venture. Also in the first quarter, Equifax deposited the remaining balance of $345 million into the restitution fund for the U.S consumer class action settlement. Now, I would like to turn it over to Mark.
John Gamble: Yes. So, the remaining revenue decline of $100 million, right is the revenue decline offset by $75 million of non-mortgage growth, but it's all online, revenue decline. And Manav, as you know that we have very high mortgage …
John Gamble: … in mortgage, yes. But as you know, we have very high variable margins across online, online mortgage as well. So, it flows through and you can just do the math, right, it flows through it's something on the order of 60% is the -- what we brought forward.
John Gamble: Hey, Kevin, if you're specifically just talking about USIS being down 6% to 7%, relative to the market being down 33.5% again, 6% to 7% are total revenue, right and the order of two-thirds of their revenue is non-mortgage. So, and we're seeing 6% to 8% growth in their B2B revenue, which is over half of their revenue, which is consistent with the long-term framework for USIS. And we're also expecting to see growth at a somewhat lower level, but growth in the consumer business that came over from GCS. So, it's those two -- the two-thirds of the business that's showing nice growth, that's offsetting the weaker mortgage market. And as Mark said, USIS is also outperforming the mortgage market.
John Gamble: Yes, the Q1 was about 29.5%. And then as we move through the year, I think we'll get down to the point where we're just -- we're in the neighborhood of 21% to 22% as we get into the fourth quarter.
John Gamble: It's really driven by very, very small and we'll validate that to make sure, but I believe that's correct. And then in terms of core organic …
John Gamble: First quarter organic. So, I don't think that's a number we've disclosed, right, we give core organic, right. We gave organic for the business units.
John Gamble: And just some color on just USIS online in the first quarter non-mortgage, our FI business was up over 10%. So that was good growth. We saw auto and insurance up high single digits, again, very good growth. And as Mark mentioned in the script, Kount was up almost 50%, which is identity and fraud. So we feel good about the way the online business was trending [multiple speakers] covered, yes.
John Gamble: Yes. So, what we talked about in the past, right, is that we -- in terms of transformation investments, as you went from '21 to '22, that you would see savings and investments, net of new product development reinvestment [indiscernible] the order of $40 million to $50 million. That's still correct, we're still moving forward with that. We also indicated that we would see net cloud savings as we move through 2022. And as Mark said, those were embedded in the margin guidance we gave. We didn't give specific dollar values. But the net cloud savings will be delivering this year as more and more moves on to the cloud. A cloud native infrastructure is embedded in the guidance that we gave, the updated guidance today is for up 125 basis points in 2022 relative to 2021.
John Gamble: I would add to point that, we talked about it a couple times this morning. But that kind of second half, fourth quarter run rate for the mortgage market that's underlying our new guide, its 25% below the kind of normal markets pre the COVID pandemic. And that's a pretty strong stress, and that was our -- intent was to put something that is it's very uncertain, how far interest rates going to go, how's the Fed really going to tame inflation, which they've never done before at this level with employment at this level. And that's why we decided to do a really strong de-risk of the underlying mortgage market, but then also have a lot of transparency about how the rest of Equifax is operating. Our strong core growth and actually stronger for this -- we took our guidance up for the rest of Equifax for the second time this year.
John Gamble: And in terms of non-mortgage really in USIS and we still expect them to perform in 6% to 8%, right. So, we believe in total non-mortgage which is both the online and the FMS portions, should still deliver in that 6% to 8% range, George.
John Gamble: I think you've covered it right. Plus, the fact is we were down, market was down 25% in the first quarter. And they outperformed by approaching 30% or 27%, right. So, we feel like even in a down market, we've already seen similar to the down markets we saw late last year, they perform very, very well. We know it's much deeper as we go forward. But as Mark said, the big driver is records and penetration, which they continue to deliver on.
John Gamble: And given that the percentage of products that we're delivering are substantially above half as we talked about that are running on the new cloud infrastructure. I would expect it's probably a pretty good number.
John Gamble: Right now, I mean, pre-realistic [multiple speakers]. I know they're small, but I mean, some of those, that's what I was talking about -- some of them being out there. And they are very small, but that's how they're trying to get tested into the marketplace. And so, I was wondering about that.
John Gamble: Yes, so we had really nice margin improvement, right, from fourth to first. And we are and we are certainly incurring some of the impact from the recent acquisitions, which the acquired businesses generally just want to have margins that are as accretive as ours. So, you are seeing that in the first quarter. We don't really disclose an inorganic and organic EBITDA margin, but we feel very good about almost 55% margins that we're seeing. And we think it's really an outstanding performance, we indicated. I think we expect them to be 54% for the full year. So, we feel very good about the trend in EWS margins, and obviously they are investing in new products to drive faster growth. So, we certainly encourage that. But we think operating at this range of 54% to 55% margins is outstanding.
John Gamble: We certainly have different margin levels for different products. Generally speaking, most of the Verifier products have relatively similar margins. There are different margin profiles between Verifier and Employer. But again -- I think generally speaking, 54% to 55% margins very, very strong. We feel very good about them.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question, Manav. I think as you know, 75 million people a year change jobs, every year. It's a -- it's one that has some cyclicality, but there's an underlying base, it's very, very high. The growth that we're getting, though, is really from our penetration in the market, the new products we're rolling out, leveraging the work history we have in the 540 million records, where we have a resume for Manav of all the jobs you've had, so that work history is very valuable. And the kind of the macro change in talent is around speed, which we don't think is going to change, meaning hiring managers want to get that individual on the floor more quickly. That’s always the case, even pre-pandemic and instant data that you can get from Equifax, work history data and now with incarceration data, we have medical credentialing data, we have the education data, and we're adding more datasets there allows the background screeners, which are our customers and other hiring businesses to really speed up their decisioning for the hiring manager. So, the bulk of the growth that we have there, and it's obviously, very, very strong, and we expect to continue is really putting these solutions together. And we've got more new products in the pipeline that we plan to bring out. We've talked with you before and others that, last year, we rolled out solutions that had more work history versus where does Mark work today with Equifax, where he work over the last 10 years. So those solutions we rolled out last year, and we're bringing those to the market. Those are really driving a lot of the top line growth. And then in 2022, we'll start combining some of the solutions like incarceration data with the work history, with education data to have a one click solution, and then we'll customize those around job categories. Because as you know, in each hiring process, the data that's used is different depend upon who you hire, a white-collar worker versus a banking employee versus a warehouse worker versus a truck driver or a dentist or a doctor. Those are all different data requirements, which is where we want to work towards productizing around families of jobs, which again, will make it easier for our customers to pull the data and then also results in higher revenue for Equifax because we're bringing more value to the space. The other point I would make out is we're increasingly driving system-to-system integrations here. You go back a couple years ago, like mortgage, the talent space was accessing a lot of our data through the web, through a manual web interface, meaning keying into the web and putting Mark's name in there and pulling down the data, moving the system-to-system, we get the same lift going forward. So, there's a lot of runway still with that going forward. So, it's a space that we like, it's a big space and one that we see a lot of potential going forward.
Mark Begor: Just one thing to add, we can see the power of the historical records, because if you look at twin revenue excluding mortgage, take mortgage out of the mix, we're now seeing over 50% of the revenue include historical records.
Mark Begor: Yes, maybe I'll start John. But there's a number of levers that we have to outperform all our underlying markets and you can use mortgage in particular, obviously, that gets more challenging when you talk about a mortgage market in the second half, that's going to be down 40%. But we've had strong outperformance for a long history. Workforce has more levers than USIS, but both businesses and I'll talk about USIS. One of their levers outperform underlying markets is price, increasing the price of the solution or the credit file and both Workforce Solutions and USIS have regular price increases that help them offset or increase their revenue depend upon where the markets going. The other is new products. Both businesses rollout new solutions. And Workforce Solutions has a lot more product opportunities than USIS, but USIS has had some new product rollouts to help them outgrow the underlying or in this case, in 2022, declining market. Third is going to be new customers. In USIS's case, that's really in their tri-merge business, growing some share there will grow their revenue. In Workforce Solutions, as you know, we only see 60% plus of mortgages still. 40% are done with manual paper pay stubs, we've been growing that. So, adding customers is a lever, or usage, if you will, is a lever. The other one both businesses have is the number of polls that happen in a transaction, and that's been growing in both USIS and in Workforce Solutions. Particularly as you see more digital interactions with consumers, which we would characterize as shopping, meaning consumers are shopping for mortgages and deciding which mortgage originator to work with in that shopping process, which is fairly new and more utilized in the last couple of years. And it's here to stay in our view, there's some data polled to qualify the customer. So, in the shopping process that mortgage originator can respond with some framework about the offer. So that's a place where number of polls, is another opportunity for the business. System-to-system integrations in USIS, it's virtually 100%, fully system-to-system. And Workforce Solutions, we've talked many times that of the 60% of mortgages, we see about 70% plus are system-to-system. We've been growing that, that's up, I think, 50% from where it was 3, 4 years ago. So, there's still opportunities versus web access. And in system-to-system we get a 20% lift in the number of polls. And then the last one that I touch on, it's really unique to Workforce Solutions is growing records. As you grow records, we have higher hit rates. Remember, in a system-to-system integration, or even a web access, our customers are coming to us for all of their mortgage applications or in their process. And when they do that, when we grow our records, which are up 19%, year-over-year in the first quarter for Workforce Solutions, that becomes revenue. We're able to monetize those additional records, which is why we're so focused on records.
Mark Begor: But certainly, one that -- we probably don't have in front of us here, Andrew, and we can look at getting that for you.
Mark Begor: Yes, we haven't seen any different. In Europe, for us, as you know, as U.K and Spain, which is really where we participate there. We're seeing a positive as the government and companies in the U.K., following the pandemic start to focus on some of the collections that were suspended during the pandemic timeframe. So that's kind of a positive for the business, which we expect to continue through 2022. And the underlying kind of credit businesses, we don't have kind of a mortgage issue. If you want the mortgage market macro in Europe, in our two countries, because we really don't participate in mortgage there. And it's really operating what you'd see in the non-mortgage business, here in the States, where it's pretty, pretty steady. And we see elements of kind of post-pandemic recovery, card issuers wanting to do marketing, wanting to rebuild their balance sheets, similar discussion around consumers, being fairly strong meaning employment is high, unemployment is low, which is kind of a good macro in those markets, same in Canada, Australia, and frankly, in Latin America, around the globe, people are working. So, outside of the interest rate environment, and then you can, as a result the inflation environment, the higher interest rates are going to attempt to offset. You see consumers that are working low unemployment, that have better balance sheets than they had coming into the COVID pandemic, because they got some stimulus spending, and of course, they're working. So, we're pretty optimistic for kind of the core portions of the business, and we're delivering that when you see the results.
Mark Begor: I think as John and I both mentioned, we tried to really stress kind of the mortgage market outlook. And let me be -- obviously transparent. This is a hard thing to forecast. We don't know where interest rates are going to go. It's pretty clear, they're going to go higher. We've never seen a Fed navigate an 8.5% inflation environment with full employment. That's a very tricky thing to do. So, it's probably hard to forecast. But what gave us comfort in de-risking, the outlook for 2022, which as you point out, and I did to that pulls forward what we thought would have been a more gradual return to normalization, until inflation heated up. We think that that's a pretty strong stress scenario from the way we looked at it. And as John pointed out, when you go back the past 5 to 10 years, pre-COVID, meaning -- and pre-COVID meaning is pre the refi run up when interest rates were slashed because of the COVID environment and refis really exploded. We're 25% below kind of a normal market when we exit the year. And really in the second half, that we think is kind of as low as it can go because when you think about the mortgage market, there's a steady purchase volume even in a recession. And this -- I don't know how to talk about what environment this is. It's certainly not a recession. But even in a recession people move. 40 million people a year move, they're buying houses, so there's a steady level of purchase volume. And then even in a rising interest rate environment, consumers do refis, particularly when they have some level of equity in their homes. And that's another calculus and looking at the way we tried to stress the mortgage environment and came up with our kind of down 40 in the second half is -- there's still a lot of home equity out there that's untapped. And doing cash out refi is even at higher interest rates is something you could see consumers do, and we've seen them do before. So, a bit long winded. But what we tried to do was really stress this in this uncertain environment to kind of is a darker mortgage environment as we could see.
Mark Begor: Yes, how much time do we have? We went through a lot of factors. I would start first with Workforce Solutions. Workforce Solutions, and we went through in real detail in our comments, non-mortgage businesses are very strong. And then, yes, I know you asked about non-mortgage, but even their ability start with growing records. Records up 19%, and the ability to continue to grow records, and their history of growing records, that puts a -- an element in the business, both mortgage and non-mortgage. Your question was around non-mortgage. So, as we grow records and what's unique about workforce is, we don’t have all the records. And up 19% in the first quarter we've got three, now four larger kind of chunkier additions. Of course, we're doing M&A to add records through our Employer Services, business. So I would say that one unique element at Workforce. Certainly, our pricing power in Workforce and to a lesser degree in USIS allows us to outperform and drive non-mortgage growth. But then, as I talked about in the back half of my comments, some of the new verticals we're in where we're making acquisitions, or leveraging the cloud to roll out new products, like the talent space, or the government space, really strong growth rates they were delivering there. And then more broadly, Workforce, I think, is one which I talked about a bunch. The second is new products. Our new products are primarily a non-mortgage, because that's where most of our businesses, and that’s where we're rolling them out. And a lot of our new products, as you know, are really leveraging our historical or multi data solutions. Whether it's in the talent space, instead of having a solution, that's where it is Mark worked today, which is what historically we had. Now we have, where did Mark work over the last 24 months, where at the last 36 months, in the last 48 months, the last 60 months. And we're going to add more different solutions there. Those are at higher price points. So that's driving the business. And we have commercial activity where we're out there winning share in USIS and of course, in EWS where we're just placing paper pay stubs that drives it. We talked about system-to-system integrations. I think the power of Equifax is we go through 2022 and into '23 and '24, is our differentiated data assets. It's the fact that we're really ramping NPIs, but we haven't finished the cloud. So, we're only in the early innings of really leveraging the cloud. That's going to come in the latter parts of '22 and '23. That's where we're really going to be able to drive that going forward. And I think you got a sense that taking up our guidance, really for the second time this year, around core growth, with most of that being driven by non-mortgage core growth, shows our confidence in the underlying strength of the company, which is our ability to bring new solutions to market, executing on our cloud transformation and really driving into some of these new markets, like identity and fraud, like talent, like government that have higher underlying growth rates than traditional FI credit bureau kind of markets.
Mark Begor: Yes, so there's a couple of different questions there. First on our capital allocation, we were pretty clear at our Investor Day. We talked about it really in every earnings call, no change in that. First, we believe our free cash flow will continue to accelerate meaningfully through '22, and '23 and '24. And there's no change in what our free cash generation will be in 2022. We're still confident in that. And that free cash flow gives us a lot of flexibility, certainly around M&A. And as you know, we've done well over $3 billion of M&A in the last 15 months, all of that M&A has been oriented in kind of non-mortgage, if you want to use that term. But really in kind of core areas of Workforce Solutions, differentiated data that that's really been clearly our focus is to broaden Equifax. And you saw the slide that we put in the deck, again, that we had at Investor Day about our broader focus into faster growing markets. There -- we don't have competitors that talk about growing in the $2 billion government TAM. We don't have competitors that really talk about growing in the $4 billion talent TAM. I think they have focused on the identity and fraud, TAM that we're playing in, but really a clear focus there. And as our cash flow continues to accelerate, our priorities are certainly investing in Equifax, which we're doing through the cloud transformation. As you know, we're going to complete that, then that'll free up cash for us to invest more in new products going forward, which should drive our top line. But outside of investing in CapEx, we still view M&A as an important way to do bolt on acquisitions to strengthen the core of Equifax, really discipline around where we want to do it to strengthen the core of workforce, differentiated data, or identity and fraud. But then there's going to be excess free cash flow from Equifax. And as our EBITDA continues to grow, as we go through '23 and '24, we're going to delever the company. And at the right time, we'll certainly look at returning some of that cash to shareholders through buyback, or through increasing our dividend. We're not ready to do that today, but we are clear in our Investor Day that that's a -- kind of that balance of how we think about a capital allocation framework going forward against the backdrop of a significant increase in both our free cash flow going forward and our leverage available -- cash flow available from leverage as we grow our EBITDA.
Mark Begor: Yes, we haven't seen it. And our looks are we don't expect to see it based on what we see 2022 unfolding. Certainly, inflation is a real challenge, fuel prices, food prices, et cetera. 8.5% is very, very high inflation. Some states in the U.S are above 10%. But at the same time, people are working, wages are up meaningfully for a lot of wage categories. So that's a positive. And when I talk about their balance sheet, it's really over the last 2 years, they couldn't spend much because we were in the COVID pandemic lockdown. And there was a lot of stimulus, which is still out there. There's still a lot of stimulus coming from -- and again, I'm talking about the U.S government. While they're not individual payments, a lot of the social services payments, some of the requirements have been suspended. You've seen the administration talking about pausing on student debt collections that helps balance sheets for a lot of consumers that are working out there, and they're very low unemployment. And then when we talk to the banks, and you've seen some of their numbers in the last couple of weeks, like use credit card originations, up 10% -- I'm sorry, credit card usage up 10% and the bank's balance sheets declined during COVID. So, you've got very strong customers, meaning in our financial institutions that need to grow their balance sheets, and you've got what I would still argue is a fairly strong consumer, because of the wage inflation and the fact they're working and you add to stimulus, is balancing out the inflation, but it's certainly something you will continue to watch going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes, for sure. Just again on USIS, we were quite pleased with their core online business. It was up really -- slightly above or at our expectations on the online piece, which is comes from either market share gains, or new solutions that we're delivering that deliver the online. The piece that USIS didn't deliver on within their batch, or account management, review business, there was really just some timing in March, and some of those deals closed in April. And so we expect USIS to continue moving their growth going forward in the second quarter through the rest of the year in non-mortgage. And we are seeing some good wins in the marketplace, both with the market share gains we expect from being cloud native, providing stronger stability, those are going to continue to be a positive for the USIS commercial team going forward. And as you point out, our increasing focus on alternative data in our single data cloud fabric is another positive and we're seeing definite traction around the use of alternative data. All of our customers are looking for new data solutions to help them drive originations. And when you add some of the unique data assets that we have, which we believe we have at scale, more -- much more than our competitors, those are the kinds of solutions that the USIS team are bringing to market through our new products that we're rolling out.
Mark Begor: Yes, it definitely early innings. We see kind of global market opportunity. As you may recall, pre our cloud transformation, we launched Workforce Solutions businesses in Australia, Canada and in India. We paused on doing any more international rollouts until we got our cloud stack in place for Workforce. And then about a few months ago -- actually a month and a half ago, we announced our entry into the U.K., where we have our cloud stack in there. And we're starting to onboard records from companies and partners in the U.K. So those are the four markets we're in today. We're definitely intending and looking to grow in other markets in the future. And even in markets where we don't do business, meaning we don't have Credit Bureau businesses. As you know, we're in 25 countries outside the United States, but we see the opportunity. And you think about some of the leverage points we have. Number one is our cloud stack, meaning our infrastructure. We spent hundreds of millions of dollars building this and now we can just move it very easily into a new market. Second is our existing customer or contributor relationships if you're a big multinational company, like a GE and IBM, pick a big industrial company, a bank that's doing global business, and there's a bunch of those in the United States. If we're doing the income and employment verification for them here, they liked the idea of us doing it for them in all their global markets. So that's a kind of an opportunity to load records and add in those different markets. And then last is payroll partners that we have. As you know, we've got a substantial number of them on an exclusive basis, most of them are exclusive. And same thing, a handful of those in the U.S are global. And we already have the connections, the pipes, the relationships with them here in the States. So, the ability to do the same thing globally is a leverage point for us. So, you should look for us to do more. In the scheme of Equifax, or Workforce, what's going to move the needle is more of the U.S levers that Workforce has over the next 2, 3, 4, 5 years, but you would expect us to, and we are, investing in some of these longer-term opportunities outside the United States, like the U.K expansion that we did a few weeks ago.
Mark Begor: Sure. I'll start and let, John, jump in. So, at year-end, we had about 50% of Equifax revenue in the new Equifax cloud. We talked about that in our February call. By the end of this year, 2022, we expect to have substantially completed North America, which is U.S and Canada, all of that in the cloud. So that'll be a big jump for us. And as you know, the United States for us revenue wise is approaching 80% of Equifax. And then International, some of the international markets, we won't complete until '23 and there might be some migrations that will complete in 2024. So that's really our runway around -- completing the cloud. And I'll let John jump on the actual cost savings. But as you know, we had some cost savings last year, a bigger number this year, they continue in '23 and they're likely be some in 2024. But they're all embedded in our 500 basis point margin expansion between now and 2025. I think on Investor Day, we talked about half of those roughly being from the cloud. So, if there's any change in that, and John can talk a little bit about the actual numbers.
Mark Begor: Oh, my gosh, how much time do we have? We talk about it in every call we have. There's a bunch. And I would really focus them in a couple of buckets. First is Workforce Solutions. We talked about this before. If you go back a couple of years, Workforce Solutions products they deliver to market were generally around a snapshot of where does someone work today and how much did they make, and a bunch of attributes, but they were really time based and current. And so, one of the big changes we've been able to do as a result of the cloud is really leverage those historical records. And whether it's looking at someone's income and employment over a long timeframe in a mortgage application, or looking at their work history, in the hiring or talent space that trended or time-based data, historical data is incredibly valuable and was very difficult to do pre the cloud transformation. So that's been a big change. And those products are really solving a lot of our customers problems. Our customers needed more than just where does Mark work today for certain consumers, that -- if they have a -- if you're a sales commissioned employee, my income today might not reflect my annual income because I get my bonus in February. So having that 12 months data is incredibly valuable, and we can sell it at a higher price point, using the example of a Workforce Solutions that we would sell at $30, $40, $50 per pole for kind of where does Mark work today, that historical data we're able to bring to the marketplace because of its value to our customers at $150, $135, $200. So, I would say that's a very powerful element of the cloud transformation that allows us to bring new solutions to market. And more broadly, Workforce Solutions, because they're further down the path in the cloud. They're really taking advantage of that, rolling new products out. And I think we talked like in the talent space, we added the 24 -- the 12 month, 24, 48-month work history for some jobs, the hiring manager wants to see more history, those were at higher price points. But we're now going to move to productizing around job category. Meaning if you're a warehouse worker, you're going to need certain types of data, we're going to we're going to develop a one click solution to deliver all that data for that kind of job and that employee. And then someone who's a white-collar worker, is going to have more education data that has to be a part of that poll and other data elements. So that's kind of where we're going product wise. The other bucket, I would say that we're excited about is multi data solutions. And that's really driven by our single data fabric, which is very unique to Equifax. WE had siloed datasets, our competitors have siloed datasets, we're going to a single data fabric, and the ability to combine data, think about the credit file, combined with our cell phone utility payment data, our wealth data, different data elements, the cloud allows us to do that. And that's something that our customers want that alternative data because it drives higher predictability, but it's difficult for them to absorb in pieces. And that's why we're going to serve it up in a single data fabric and then in product solutions, where we combine it together. So, I'd say that's the other bucket of solutions. And then the last is just we're in just different verticals today. You go back a couple, 3 years ago, we were primarily in financial services, bringing new solutions, like I9 anywhere to our Employer Services business, where we're delivering solutions, compliance solutions to HR managers, or as we talked about in talent or government, those are just faster growing markets. And very different than our core FI or Credit Bureau space that you're really energizing. And, of course, the focus we have on it. We've added a bunch of resources in, really '19, '20 and '21. I have a direct report to my leadership team. My leadership team, it's our Chief Product Officer. And then the cloud really gives us a lot of leverage to bring those new products to market.
Mark Begor: Yes, we don't see any change in those categories in 2022, already had some comments around the consumer. And we don't think the higher interest rates will impact that in cards or -- autos impacted today by supply shortages. We're dealing with that and the market is, I'm not sure when that's going to be resolved. That's more of an inventory issue, but the underlying consumer and the underlying customer of ours that's trying to grow their financing businesses. We don't see any change from where we were a few months ago.
Mark Begor: Yes, that's a complex question, Simon. Let me talk about a couple of things. The one thing that I always start with, and I know you do too, it's very unique about Workforce Solutions is the ability to grow their assets, their data assets, meaning their twin records and drive revenue growth. And we talked before, when you think about 19% revenue growth in the first quarter, that was -- they were up roughly 19% for the year, last year. We've already got a pipeline of additional records, those records translate into revenue, just because we have the system-to-system integrations, and it just takes our hit rates up. So, that's kind of a base element of their ability to outperform their underlying markets, because you're adding records. And then you add on top of that, the ability to roll out new products, drive system-to-system integrations, all of those that we've talked about drive penetration, drive usage, those are all become levers for them to drive their top line growth. And on top of that, when you talk about non-mortgage, as you know, they're operating in some underlying macro markets, whether it's talent, or the government space, that are just growing strongly. These are kind of 20% type, high double-digit growth type markets that help fuel their non-mortgage growth of Workforce Solutions. And I think, an Investor Day we talked about a 13% to 15%, long-term revenue growth rate for the business. Obviously, they outgrew that in the first quarter, they're going to outgrow that in 2022. They outgrew that in '20 and 2021. So, we see a lot of momentum in the business going forward, a lot of levers for growth going forward.
Mark Begor: Yet, so just two things. First, I think what you would have seen over the past several months is obviously NBA, Fannie, Freddie have also substantially changed their outlooks, given the main ticket taking them down, given the significant increase in interest rates. And what we've been doing over the past several years, I think, which we've been very open about as we've been taking a look at the markets based on the run rate trends that we have in our own business, because we can see inquiries. And what we started to see and the reason we made the change we did is because we're starting to see that the inquiry trends that we were, that we can measure, were starting to decline more rapidly. So, as we took a look at the information we had, and the analysis we could do, we believe we're headed toward the type of the down 40% that we talked about, which as we do, the analysis, we now see is consistent with where NBA and Fannie are, but we think the analysis we've done and the analysis they've done are just more consistent to those point in time.
Mark Begor: Yes, so we are very bullish about the space first, identity and fraud and we're really energized about the team, the leader that we brought in, it's driving that business, and it's in a space that's growing rapidly. It's a digital macro is very, very strong. Their underlying growth is a big part of that. There's some elements of synergies, but I would say that those are more on the com, meaning some of the product solutions of combining Kount and Equifax data, we are more second half oriented, it's just a really strong execution, and they have a great product. We've added more resources in the business, I think the headcount in the business is up something like 20% or 30%, maybe it's more like that 30%, since we acquired the business. So, we're putting more feet on the street, we've got a new commercial leader, that's really partnering with the CEO that was the founder of the business that we really like a lot. We've also given the CEO responsibility for our full identity and for our business, so he was running Kount, during the 2021, early this year. He's now got responsibility for the whole business, and we think it will have a big impact there and really drive the synergies going forward. So, we're quite bullish about their market position, their pipeline, but it really starts with a space that's very good. And we bought a very attractive business that we're making stronger.
Mark Begor: Yes, so great questions. First, on the Appriss business, another great business. I was there last week in Louisville, where they're headquartered with the team. We got a great leader there, and a great team, and the growth they're delivering is primarily from their own momentum. We only acquired them in October, so they're only a few months in. We're in the throes of integrating and bringing them into our technology and a cloud data fabric and the other elements on it. It's another space. So, they're winning new state contracts, they didn't have that were in their pipeline, when we acquired them, and just executing and the synergies that we're counting on, will really start kicking in the second half and '23, and probably likely into 2024. And we really liked the unique data. The criminal justice data that they have is very, very unique. And the instant decisioning from the talent space, plays in their world. And then, of course, in social services, it's also used. As part with regards to lessons learned, I sure wouldn't want to be doing these number of acquisitions if we weren't the cloud. It's -- it would be very hard to integrate these with the pace that we're going to be doing it. If we were still in our legacy environment, and that gives us a lot of confidence around doing acquisitions. And we're always learning about how we can do the integrations, more effectively, and -- but we've got some pretty good muscle around that, because it's not new for us. We've been doing acquisitions for a long time. Long before I joined 4 years ago, at Equifax, but we're getting better at it, I think and always looking to improve it. But the cloud gives us a lot of confidence, when doing M&A and I hope you agree that we're being very disciplined around the kind of businesses we want to buy. Our criteria and M&A is very clear. We want to grow, we want to buy businesses that are growing faster than Equifax. So, they're accretive to our growth rates.
Mark Begor: We want to buy businesses that are going to deliver margin accretion with Equifax. And most importantly, we want to buy businesses that strengthen the core of Equifax, whether it's around differentiated data, or around the Employer Services business as you point out. If you look at all of our acquisitions, they're checking those boxes. And then of course, identity and fraud, around Kount is just a space we'd like to get larger in and if you look at our acquisition so far this year, efficient higher, it makes us stronger in that. Employers Solutions space that, we want to be bigger in but also delivers more records to the Workforce Solutions businesses, they add new customers.
Mark Begor: I'll do the second one, John and you could take the first one on FMS, which is an easy one, but under $75 million, the bulk of that for sure is Workforce Solutions. But International is also a piece of that. Internationals performing exceptional. USIS I think, is kind of aligned with where we started the year, we don't see any change. They're performing very, very well. The outperformance is a piece of that is from international, but the bulk is Workforce and it's all the levers we talked about on the call this morning.
Mark Begor: And that's -- your questions around what portion of our mortgage customers are in the cloud environment? I'm not sure I heard it, right.
Mark Begor: Yes, yes, sorry. Hey, Heather, I think actually what we're going to post the deck here in about an hour or two, and on that there'll be an update to that number. So great. Thank you. 11 o'clock. Sorry about that. Yes.
Mark Begor: That's a great question, Jeff. One that I don't have and John shaking his head also that he doesn't have, but it's one that I'm going to run down. I definitely want understand it. I think intuitively we find it there's some list there, but let us run it down.
Mark Begor: I would say there's always pushback from clients when it comes to price. But we've been very clear, and we probably more often talk about price at Workforce Solutions, because they just have more pricing power. They're just more unique data asset than our -- than the credit file. But USIS, pretty regularly does price increases, meaning on an annual basis. And there's some element of price there, but it's not at the same scale, or leverages our workforce.
Mark Begor: In particularly a mortgage. Yes, that's a place where we have historically done kind of consistent price increases in USIS. In some of the other verticals, we may take price up, but then have concessions that happen. So, the pricing power is not as strong, in some of the other verticals.
Mark Begor: Yes, I guess, our view of the marketplace is that our solution in the verticals we participate in for income and employment data is, price competitively meaning there, there aren’t what we see in posted market prices, we don't see prices that are lower than Equifax. So, I don't think there's a price advantage there. What we do with some customers, when we tap top of waterfall, it's really to have them hit our database in a system-to-system basis versus doing manual efforts. So we've had some commercial incentives to move customers from doing manual searches around income and employment data to hit Equifax first. And part of that is, is that we've really had a very significant increase in our coverage over the last couple, 3 years. You go back, 3-years ago, we were below 50%. Now we're at 65%, approaching 70%. So, it was really more -- some commercial incentives to get customers to understand that they can get a hit very quickly from Equifax, but we haven't seen, what you described as, us having to commercially get in front of someone else who has a different solution to Equifax.
Mark Begor: And again, we haven't seen any commercial pressure from that. They're very, very small. And it would surprise us that a customer would want to change a waterfall, [indiscernible] the system effort involved in the very low hit rates, and again, there's not a pricing advantage or cost advantage for [indiscernible].
Mark Begor: We just wanted to thank everyone for participating. If you have more questions, please reach out to Investor Relations.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you very much for squeezing me in over here. Mark, you mentioned when there was a question about some of the levers in USIS to offset mortgage, one of the things you mentioned was price. I don't usually hear that too much in USIS. I hear that much more about, the work number and things like that. Is there -- is there a consistent pricing uplift every year, like you get in other parts of the market of your business? Or is there pushback from clients over there, maybe you can just kind of touch on that a little bit.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. So, there's consistent price lift, even though -- even on the basic credit file type stuff is what you're saying.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: No, it's really like -- if you have a customer that can potentially use a much less effective database, but at a much lower price point, right. So, the strategy from the competitor is to go ahead and say use us first and then if you can't get it at the lower price, then move on to Equifax. So, I've heard from some customers that Equifax is aware of that obviously has some kind of strategy where you can incent the customer to keep Equifax at the top of the waterfall and I was just wondering how that works.
