Richard F. Smith: Thanks, John. As we enter the third quarter, we are very encouraged by the various market opportunities we have for growth in each of the business units and continue to be very pleased with the execution of each of the BUs and COEs. While we still have a bit of mortgage headwind for the balance of the year, it has improved dramatically versus what we saw in the first half of the year. And as I've said before, the mortgage market is really unwinding very much like we had anticipated back when we gave guidance, early part of 2014. For the third quarter, some of the current exchange rates we'd expect the reported revenue will be between $620 million and $625 million. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $0.96 and $0.99 for the full year. We're still on the path to deliver our core organic non-mortgage market growth rate of 26% and 8%, and with the team's high level of execution and the opportunities we see before us, we are now in a position to increase our full year guidance. Assuming the current exchange rates, we should end the year with revenue between $2.440 billion and $2.465 billion, and adjusted EPS between $3.83 and $3.91. And I always said, versus our previous guidance of $3.75 to $3.89, and the current consensus of $3.83. With this full year guidance, our revenue growth accelerates from about 4% in the first half of 2014 to a level of about 9% to 12% in the second half of the year. And most importantly, that gives us really good momentum and confidence as we go into 2015. So with that, operator, if you would please open it up for any questions that they may have.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it's markets and it's share gains. So -- and I mentioned a few of them in the call towards -- we have insurance sector, some nice wins there. In our online business, especially with our KCP accounts. If you recall, KCP has gone from 4 large banks to 8 very strategic accounts, including the 4 large banks. And then online business area continues to accelerate. We're gaining share there. We talked about an analytical win we had with the sandbox, one of the top 4 banks. Auto continues to be fantastic for us. So it is really, really broad-based that's giving us great growth there. And obviously, with that kind of growth in a high fixed cost business, all that margin falls to the bottom line. You've seen a great acceleration of margin there as well.
Richard F. Smith: Well, PSol will take another quarter or 2 to implement their new strategy and execute, what I mentioned on the call, the TrustedID indirect wins. So that softened a little bit with a little bit of headwind. A few countries in Central and South America have softened a bit. But then you're seeing stuff like the core organic non-mortgage market growth rate in EWS. I mentioned that growing over 10% for the second quarter in a row. That's things like collections, government, credit card, auto for them. We just walked through an array of different areas that are growing very strongly in USCIS. Europe is growing stronger than expected. Our core organic growth rate in places like Spain and the U.K., which still tend to be troubled economies, are delivering very, very solid organic growth rates. In fact, I think we mentioned we didn't -- the organic growth rates outside the U.S. are growing at 6% to 7% growth rate, and that's inclusive of some pretty tough economies. So that's a long answer to a very simple question.
Richard F. Smith: It's mixed largely. And mortgage is one piece of that. Customer mix could be another piece. Sometimes when you have large -- you have growth, as I mentioned, I think, just a second ago, in our very large strategic accounts, the pricing thresholds are different there than they would be for other customers. So just think of it generically as mix.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. One, I'm not sure when you joined. But TDX, as I mentioned on the call, if you've missed it, is coming along very nicely. We continue to integrate it successfully. We're getting great wins in our current footprint like Australia and the U.K. and we're very encouraged we have the ability to bring it to other markets like U.S., Canada and into South America. As far as margin goes, we had mentioned at the time of the acquisition, there would be a drag as we get TDX up and running on the margin for the first half of the year. And as we exit the year, we expect to fully [ph] be back to the historical range of around 25% or so for International. So we're very much on track with that. John had reiterated that in his comments as well. So from a strategic perspective, financial perspective and margin perspective, TDX and International are on the direction we had guided back in the first quarter.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I'll take a crack at it. John, if you want to jump in, you can add to it as well. Our dividend policy that David was -- established a few years ago, we remain committed to that and actually gives back 25% to 35% of our net income in the form of the dividends. So obviously, as net income rises, the dividend will increase. I don't anticipate changing that financial model, 25% to 35%. As I think overall, that capital structure outside of dividend, and we've been fairly light in our share repurchase in the first half of the year. You should expect us to increase, at a pretty significant rate, the share repurchase in the back half of this year.
Richard F. Smith: No, it's pretty straightforward. Just the leverage you get as it -- business continues to grow and get the revenue stream, it tends to be more backend loaded, and TDX backend loaded than front end loaded, so you get some leverage there. We'll get the operational synergies you expect. But let me clarify a point, Dan. The cost to take the solutions -- the suite of solutions that we have with TDX into additional countries is very, very, very cost efficient. You can do it because the data, the solutions are housed in the U.K. So when you go to Spain, when you go to Columbia, when you go to Australia, you can literally do that with a salesperson or 2 or maybe you outsource it to a value-added reseller, so that the cost of implementation is very, very low.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, there is 2 things to think about. One is we continue to add different players stand up, being able to sandbox with them, so we get paid for that, just like we have with other banks in the past. We're starting to do this, not just in the U.S., but outside the U.S. as well. Secondly, as I mentioned, one of the top 4 banks when you stand that up, we get their teams and our teams in there looking at the combined data assets and start hypothesizing about products and solutions. So what that's resulted in now is a series of batch projects and analytics that we've done for these banks and they pay us for that. So it's -- financially think about it is offline batch revenue, and it's really analytics and solutions that we're providing with the unique data assets.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Dan. I'd say, overall, we're seeing -- I think your question was specifically the U.S., we're not seeing a whole lot of change in the U.S. dynamics for the consumer with the exception of 2 areas and one we've highlighted in the past, and that is the automotive market. Banks are aggressive in the automotive market, consumers, the age of the cars. The age -- I think some of the oldest levels in the history of our country. So that's obviously a high demand area for us. The other thing we're seeing, I'm not sure it really ties, affluent versus non-affluent, that is with inventory of homes coming down, prices going up. The demand for loans against their homes, so home equity loans is starting to rise for the first time in quite some time. And our forecast anticipates that will continue to accelerate to the back end of this year and clearly, through 2015. Hopefully that helps.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I think we're fairly agnostic to this segment. With the -- as they go down subprime, I'm thinking of automotive and we talked that last time we talked about a thing called a superscore, as they go down to subprime, they're more inclined to ask a few more questions. So they are more likely to pull a verification of employment, a verification of income. If someone was walking in and has the score of 780, 800, this is excluding mortgage, they may or may not pull VOE/VOI. But clearly, as the markets go down, market -- their appetite for verification of income and employment goes up. They may also leverage things like our CSD, what we used to call NC+ [ph] or our -- which helps them PIN-file [ph]. So if they're not really credit active, they'll pull the file to see how they paid off the utilities and telco obligations in the past. So if there's upside Andre, it's really in those areas of VOE/VOI and CSD.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, sure. It's -- we've kind of framed up in the past, is it's above the minimum annual obligated threshold app that we have with CMS. All the trials that the government had rolling out was an initiative we obviously felt as well. There are some really exciting things going on with that right now. One we've talked about on the last earnings call is to help our employers show they're compliant with the Affordable Care Act. We're deploying analytics to those customers and we're charging for that. We've got a-- we've closed over 100 deals and a very, very strong pipeline on top of that. Secondly, as we deploy those analytics, we're getting more records added, and that's adding significantly to the Work Number database. And then third, as you know, in November, I think it's the 15th, is the next period for enrollment. So we expect to see some uptick then. You've seen, and I alluded to in my opening comments, there were 2 appellate court rulings a week or so ago and maybe even this week. A lot of noise there. Who knows where that goes, but we're no smarter there than you guys are at this point in time. But our instinct is that they probably solve this in a proper way between now and then, and there's little impact. But time will tell there.
Richard F. Smith: No, no. I mean, that was a great transaction for us, and it's in the right hand with the right owner. And yes, and our team are doing a great job with that platform we used to call DMS. That was not a core competency of ours. Our whole focus is to leverage our analytics, leverage our unique data assets to help our customers like ADS and like in banks be smarter in prospecting and growing their business. That's a win for us, that's a win for them -- for us. Don't expect us to get back in that business.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, that's a great one. We are equally as excited about this platform we bought in Mexico, Inffinix. In fact, we get [ph] smarter every day. Our initial thought when we bought both those companies was, one, it gave us capabilities we had to have for our current customers. It was a need they had that was being unfulfilled. It -- we also thought about TDX as being a platform that was for the larger, more sophisticated customers and countries. And in Inffinix would be a stronger fit for the developing countries like Central and South America. As we get smarter about both assets, we see kind of some combining of the 2 platforms, broadening the entire continuum of capabilities and collections as opposed to bifurcating them by sophistication of markets. So we're very, very hopeful that, not only will these businesses grow in the current footprint that they operate in, but we'll bring them to our broader footprint that Equifax operates in and eventually, into new countries where we don't operate at all. It's a very cost-effective way, I mentioned earlier, to get into new geographies, if you solve problems for customers, learn about the marketplace, and then expand our analyst capability beyond collections.
Richard F. Smith: The only thing -- I wouldn't say it's really seasonal, but John alluded to it and it impacts margins is that on the corporate expense line, we do have some investments we'll be making in the second half of the year. And remember, our investments tend to be largely around capital for new products and technology to grow. So you should see a step-up there, as John alluded to, that obviously impacts margin. But in general terms, what we should expect is -- we are committed to our long-term margin model, what we talked to guys about that. And that is every year growing 25 basis points or so on the margin, and we've done that for quite some time. We plan to continue this still going forward.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Good question, Greg. So if you go back -- I can't recall exactly what year it was, but when broke out commercial into a North America unit reporting to me, it was to get me closer to the business, understand the business, take a very small business, incubate it and grow it. And I'm always convinced that, at that time, it needed more direct attention, and we did that and we grew it more successful. Then a couple of years ago, maybe 2 years ago, we launched this thing called enterprise selling, which is maximizing our interaction with our good customers in the U.S. and using the pipes and resources of, at the time, Dann Adams -- excuse me, Rudy Ploder. Rudy Ploder's leadership and his team in the U.S., and sell all of our products. They would sell a verification of employment income, the USCIS products and the commercial products. That has gained great traction in the last couple of years. And it became very obvious that the next up is just to make that organizationally a direct report into Rudy's team. Give all the attention it requires. It's been incubated, it's gaining traction. So it was just the natural thing to do to help minimize the confusion for our customers, minimize the inefficiencies we may have organizationally as well.
Richard F. Smith: No. I think I said in my very opening comment, it was 9% growth, including acquisitions. Constant currency, is that right, Jeff? I don't know -- yes, the core organic non-mortgage market growth rate for the quarter was very much like the first quarter, mid-6% range.
Richard F. Smith: I think it's a continuous story. Something we've been talking about for quite some time. And you're hearing me talking about some larger wins, but we've been building this for quite some time. It's really leveraging the unique data assets we've tried to build out since 2007. It's about the analytics capability drive off of those unique data assets. It's about NPI. So all the things we've been doing. And what you're seeing is the team is executing at extremely high levels, and I've said this a few times. It's probably the highest levels I've seen since I've been here. And when you put that all together, it's making a difference in the marketplace.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. One, Trey is a solid leader, and he's done a very good job of understanding the current environment which we're in, adapting to the current environment for fleets. And I think short-term, he's done a really good job of maximizing the profit coming out of PSol, while he takes the ship and kind of redirects it. And when he redirects it, we'll go back to higher levels of growth. That's number one. And I've been through his strategy. I agree with his strategy. It's thoughtful and it will be effective and I think we'll start to see that as we exit this year and get into 2015. Secondly, we bought a really good franchise in a marketplace or the market segment that we had largely ignored in my time here in the indirect market, and we bought this company called TrustedID. And Scott Mitic who runs that, found that business, he and his team out there, running others have built a remarkable pipeline on the indirect side and that just takes time. So yes, the company -- takes time that once you get a pipeline built to close it and get the revenue, but that is coming, and it's coming strongly. So the combination of kind of taking the old, what we call kind of PSol east, getting this new strategy up and running and are leveraging indirect model. The combination of those 2 things gives me new confidence that we'll get back to the upper-single-digit growth rates next year and beyond. And then there's a big unknown out there. And I used that in my comments as it relates to PSol, and that is, where does the regulatory landscape, how does it evolves over the coming years? So assuming it evolves, as we are hopeful that it will, I think PSol's upper single-digit growth strategy, we talked about for long-term, is very, very realistic.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I think it's, to be honest, it's always a combination of both. I think it's the small business lending, is starting to heal, but it's not real strong yet. And if you look at the transcripts from any of the banks, they would reiterate that. There is always some element of execution that we've got to look at ourselves in the mirror and say are we executing at the highest level possible. And so I think it's a combination both those there. I do think by taking down an organizational wall and making it more fluid by having Rudy and USCIS directly own that product capability for the customers in the U.S. will help, and same thing I think that when you get Carol Gray and Paulino Barros in Canada, and you take that artificial wall down of reporting and have unadulterated access to that, that should help in Canada as well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I'd say we just concluded our 3-year strategic plan, Bill, and M&A is tied to strategy obviously. And the pipeline continues to center around fraud and ID, analytics and tuck-ins, geographical expansion. I don't see, at this juncture, a need to do any large transformational deals by any means. We're still committed to our model of 1 to 2 points of revenue growth coming from acquisitions over an extended period of time, so I think that still holds true today.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I'd say. And it shows up in our marketing numbers. I would not describe it as overly robust now. It is definitely picking up sequentially, it's picking up year-over-year, but I'd describe it. And as I talk to CEOs of banks and card issuers and talk to our teams, it's still very early days. They're still very, very cautious in getting back into a more aggressive broad-based lower credit score card issuance strategy at this juncture. So yes, it's picking up a bit, Brett, but it's still just sluggish.
Richard F. Smith: Well, I think as I think about levers for organic growth, I think about NPI continuing to be -- it's a huge part of our DNA, it's a been a big part of our success for the past 7 years. That will continue to be. Secondly is verticalization. We've been at that now for a couple of years around the world. And we have identified the key verticals that are important for us, and we're actively and aggressively going after those in every geography of the world, and that's enabled us to gain share and win. And it's not just share gain, but it is -- because of our unique data assets that we have, Brett, it's enabling us to get customers to spend more money on solutions that they wouldn't have otherwise spent. And our competitors, at this juncture, don't have the ability to offer the same solution. So a combination of all 3 of those.
