Rick Smith: Thanks, John. For the second quarter, we expect revenue to be between $857 million and $862 million, reflecting constant currency growth of 7% to 7.5%, partially offset by 1% of FX headwind. Guidance reflects the shift that John mentioned, of over $5 million in revenues in GCS that we previously expected to hit in the second quarter but delivered in the first quarter, and that negatively impacts the second quarter growth by approximately 0.7% of a percentage point. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.55 and $1.58, excluding a dollar -- $0.01 a share of negative FX. This reflects constant currency EPS growth of 10% to 12%. In the second quarter, our mortgage outlook for the market volumes is down mid-single digits. Compared to the first half of 2016, our outlook reflects first half constant currency revenues up 11% and first half adjusted EPS up 14%, well above our long-term model. Furthermore, our multi-year growth has been very strong, I think you'll agree, from a perspective compared to the first half of 2014. Our first half of 2017 outlook reflects compounded annual growth for revenues of 12% compound annual growth for adjusted EPS of 18% over that period of time. On to the full year. Our full year 2017 guidance for Equifax revenue and EPS are solid and are unchanged from our February call. As we discussed on this call, our 2017 revenue expectations for International has increased from our February earnings call. While our expectations for GCS revenue has moderated a bit, but still within their long-term trends. In total, we continue to expect Equifax revenue for the year to be between $3.375 billion and $3.425 billion, again unchanged from our previous guidance. This reflects constant currency revenue growth of 8% to 9%, partially offset by 1% of FX headwind. Consistent with our February guidance, this assumes total mortgage volumes decline of approximately 15% in the year. We continue to expect adjusted EPS to be between $5.96 and $6.10, up 8% to 10% slightly -- excluding slightly over $0.02 per share of negative impact from FX. This is also unchanged from our previous guidance. We continue to expect our adjusted EBITDA margin to expand by a healthy 100 basis points for the full year. So, in summary. For USIS, our outlook is as previously expected and communicated during our February call. We expect that to be slightly below their long-term model of 5% to 7% revenue growth with mortgage headwinds impacting them by approximately 4 points for the year, mostly concentrated in the second half of 2017. For Workforce Solutions, our outlook is also as previously expected. We expect them to be at or above their long-term model of 9% to 11% revenue growth, again, despite 4 percentage points of mortgage headwind. Again, mostly concentrated in the second half of the year. So, outstanding performance in both those business. For GCS, we expect them to be within our long-term model we've communicated to you a 5% to 8% for the year. For International, our outlook is better than previously expected and above their long-term model of 8% to 10% growth. And for Equifax's total, again despite approximately 3 percentage points of mortgage headwinds and some additional headwinds from ACA at the company level, we expect to remain -- we expect that we remain confident in our full year outlook with constant currency revenue growth of 8% to 9% for the year. Hopefully, that's helpful. With that, operator, we'd like to open up for any questions for John or I.
Rick Smith: Yes, I'd say USIS is the microcosm of the entire confidence we have for the company, and that is the thing that you know so well that we've been doing now for 10-plus years. It's all the stuff we have in NPI. We've talked about the classifieds last year have been very strong, they're starting to ramp up, in fact the last part's 2017. In fact, USIS is NPI progress at the end of 2016 and in the starting of 2017 is as strong as it's ever been. So, specific to USIS is what that comp is, but also, they're leveraging the same things everyone else is leveraging, things like EGI. Over 15 EGIs, USIS participates in those as well. So, there's no magic. But one of the things I love to think about is sitting back here, talking to you guys back in fourth quarter pre-election, we gave a framework for 2017, which was, we thought robust, you thought robust and all of a sudden, the world changed with Trump's election. And we thought "My God, the world will change and mortgage rates are going to go up, ACA is going to be repealed." And yet, because of the continuity of execution and consistency of our initiatives for the past 10 years, we're able to maintain that guidance this year. So, I'm as confident now and John is as confident now in USIS's ability to deliver those numbers and the company's ability to deliver those numbers, as I've ever been.
Rick Smith: We're deleveraging as expected. We're thought to be getting our leverage back around 2.25. We'll be there as we exit the second quarter. At that point, John and I will look at both getting back into share repurchase, as well as getting back in M&A. So, everything is performing on track. In fact, then we'll be levering at slightly faster rates on than maybe what we've anticipated last year.
Rick Smith: George, the model we gave, if I could just add on, is for USIS's margin to be -- EBITDA margins to be in the low 50s over time. That's still the goal and you'll see movement throughout any 1 quarter. As you know, there's just a lot of moving parts and, but they're still well on track to make that mid-50s over time and I -- we expect to -- second quarter 2017 to be better than first quarter 2017.
Rick Smith: Sure. I, and John and I feel as confident today towards the year outlook and guidance as we were when we gave it to you in February, we take that very seriously. As far as mortgage goes, no, as I said in my prepared comments, the mortgage performance for us came in largely as expected in the first quarter. The team continues to significantly outperform the market, but the actual revenue drive for mortgage was in line with our expectations. At this juncture, we continue to stick to our 15% total market down for the year. So, no little change there. So, it's just now a matter of the team continue to what they've done for years, which is execute on NPI, execute on EGI, execute on Lean and deliver those goals. So, I remain very confident.
Rick Smith: Yes, Brett, just off the top of my head because you're right, that is a long way away. One thing you have is you got about 5, 6, 7 weeks of Veda this year we didn't have last year, which we'll anniversary that. We have anniversaried that. That goes away. Mortgage, I got to believe that majority of the mortgage will bottom out this year, maybe some stability next year, that could be a help. Number three, may have improvement with the classifieds. As you know, with the classifieds from '16, we launched extra few years to truly materialize and reach their full inflection points, so that should be a benefit, same with classified '17, so. I also think that if the economists are right and the parts of the world in which we operate, we just got an economic update the other day, that the economies that are important to us should continue to improve. And if they improve, our business improves.
Rick Smith: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. We're optimistic. And we've talked about this now for about a year. I think the industry got a little ahead of itself in the optimism on trended data, before the analytics was completed. We're largely, as I said in my prepared comments, we'll complete that analysis very, very soon in the U.S. then we'll take it to other parts of the world where we're looking at verticals and the sub-verticals. So, auto versus prime vs sub-prime card, prime versus sub-prime versus neoprime, home equity so on, and so forth. So, this year, you should think of the revenue as far as the guidance goes, including trended data benefit from mortgage only will be the outer years, will get the lift in other verticals, but we're not prepared to frame that up yet.
Rick Smith: In theory, any time that we get more cash in the pockets, they're more likely to spend the cash, to do as to fuel economic growth. So -- and again, as the economy grows, our business grows better.
Rick Smith: Overall, we're thrilled, as you know, with the overall progress in the context with the EWS in it. It's been an unbelievable home run for us. It's hard to believe it's been 10 years now. And the Work Number is one of the, obviously, the gems within that business. And long term, as you know, it is not just Canada. It's taking you to other developed parts of the world where we have a need. We've got a full-time dedicated team now. We've got dedicated technology platforms, we have strategies beyond Canada. So, expect to wake up in a few years and see us in far more than just Canada as we talked about Australia and interest goes, U.K. and other places. Specific to Canada it's going well, as I alluded in my prepared comments the contribution of records is exceeding our expectations. I caution everyone to think about that as a multi-year return and not a single return. And once you get into a country with a platform like that, your ability to add different products, to solve different problems for customers in that arena are expanded. So, the opportunity would be beyond just the Work Number and Verification Services in Canada and other parts will augment it with other products as well. But think of it as a nice way of a multiple years to continue to expand the size, the profitability of EWS.
Rick Smith: I would think auto will be #1, followed by card and home equity. If I had a handicap, it seems similar order, and that's in the U.S. and we're still doing work outside U.S.
Rick Smith: Yes. Tim, I'll start and John can add to it. But anytime you look at it, a particular quarter, particularly BU, you're going to see lumpiness. And that's probably what you've seen in the second quarter versus the first quarter of USIS is probably some contracts, new product innovation and USIS is ramping up. I talked about InstaTouch that's starting in USIS. Some fraud products that are being launched and will benefit in the second quarter. So, it's a variety of things you'll see in the second quarter that you didn't see in the first quarter. But again, I think the more important thing is to try to get context for the full year. And we gave guidance for USIS the framework for that back in February, and they're going to be in that range for the full year. So slightly maybe below, actually they're in the range in the first quarter. Will be above that range in the second quarter, but full year, solidly within the range.
Rick Smith: Yes, John did say that in his prepared comments. And Tim, 2 things. Again, any context is important commercial, small as you know is slightly down in the first quarter, but we're making a transition, as you know, from this platform exchange called SPFE to a new exchange called CFN. CFN is starting to ramp up. That has some impact for SPFE and you won't fully see CFN fully ramped up until later on this year. And as we exit this year and go in 2018. So that's what you're seeing this lumpiness during SPFE and CFN.
Rick Smith: Thanks, David. I am thrilled. I was just out in St. Louis, I think it was last week ,for a review with Murray and his team. And the progress they are making is unbelievable. On active records, total records, partner relationships was established to solve problems and create a network effect is unbelievable, and I gave you some comments there in -- my comments -- in my prepared comments today, which is now we are linking together the credit, the data in the credit file with The Work Number records to augment and expand our ability to deliver value back to the customer. So, in the past, I couldn't find someone on The Work Number database. But if I can combine with the credit file, I can enhance that, deliver a yes, move some insight back to the customer, which is proving to be hugely valuable to our customers, which will accelerate growth for us. We just launched that capability of our product late in the first quarter. So that's a way to think about we augmented credit data with a work number database. It's a way to, as you call it, record, get a hit rate or a yes back to a customer for a higher rate than in the past. So, they are -- they're clicking on all cylinders out there.
Rick Smith: Let me give you some color on that. The mortgage market was as expected in the first quarter. And by the way, when you look at the -- what they call the mortgage banker's index, that's an application look versus the volume look, there's always a lag in application of the volume, we tend to look at volumes. So, the volume performed about as expected. You are correct we did outperform, but clearly expect us to continue to outperform in the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter in '18 as well. However, we do expect the volume activity in mortgage, if this 10-year target's is doing we're talking about do decline, the mid-single digits in the second quarter and strong double-digit in the third and fourth quarter, for a total of 15% for the year.
Rick Smith: And Dave, one last thing, we're expecting rate increases. We're expecting 10-year treasuries to go up, obviously, between now and year-end. If they don't go up as strong as we expect them to go, yes, you're right, that would be a tailwind for us. If they go up, or higher than we expect, that'll be more headwind, but right now I think we're in a balanced position.
Rick Smith: We're expecting it, and I'm not sure of the exact number, a couple I think two or three rate increases between now and year-end, David. Similar with what we were talking about, yes.
Rick Smith: No. I think, again, this is lumpy but the thing maybe to frame is this, we gave a multi-year framework a couple of years ago. We have reinforced that framework last year and this year of 5% to 8%, and we do expect direct-to-consumer to be in that 5% to 8% for the year.
Rick Smith: I don't know that. I don't think I have that trend. That's a great question, Patrick. And obviously, if any of you may, I don't have that answer off the top of my head.
Rick Smith: So, the only thing with that is backing out mortgage and ACA, you'd expect to see organic constant currency growth rate well above, nicely above the long-term range in this year again.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Gary. The thing about Ignite and, again, two different buckets. One is direct, one is marketplace, and direct has created this environment, the cloud has our data, their data and these -- the data scientists, more customers can access that, anytime they access it they pay for the data that they're accessing, and also it helps us facilitate the building of new products in the marketplace. Just think of an app-- like an app on your phone where there are configurable apps that the business community where our customers can download those, use those. So, there's typically -- there are two ways you make money. One is there tends to be, in some cases, a fee for setting up the environment for our customers; number two, is obviously they pay if they access the data. So financially the model is very much majority of the model, will be very much like you've seen across the rest of the business, which is accessing our unique data assets.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think strategically it's relevant. What we're trying to do is combine technically, analytically and data and that our go-to-market strategy across multiple -- be used to solve problems for customers. So, we get into it. If you could take a piece of our product more likely a USIS product and a EWS product, bundle those product offerings technically and analytically together, delivering a single solution to the customer that no one else can deliver. That enterprise solution is a differentiation versus others in the marketplace, enables us to take share and drive pricing and drive revenue. So, I don't break it out that way. I just know it's the right thing to do. And we've done the vast majority of the vertical alliance or verticals we've attacked have been driven by USIS. I alluded to in my comments that we still have this government vertical where we had more expertise, bigger channels and pipes through EWS. EWS is now dragging along all of the capabilities we have to solve these problems. So, it's a strategic differentiator is the way to think about it, we don't break out the actual revenue contribution.
Rick Smith: No, I don't think so. For a couple of reasons. Not nearly as big, number one. Number two, is our assumption that we peak, so the guidance within the industry. And this is the U.S. The guidance we gave -- the framework we gave last year and the guidance we gave in February and the guidance we're reaffirming today is assuming new sales of vehicles in the U.S. and a peak at 17-something. I can't remember what the number is, 17-something for the year. I don't expect that to go up at all. You kind of -- that's a new high for us. However, I do expect us to continue to find ways to partner with others that have pipes and relationships with the channel partners we talked about, Andrew, for quite some time, to continue to help us fuel growth. So, I think in our prepared comments, we talked about auto and EWS was a growth driver for them. I expect that to continue to happen. So, one, you've got to make sure we're putting in context is nowhere near the size of the mortgage for us; two, the result will let it penetrate; three, these channel partners are vital to us and a good source of growth.
Rick Smith: Okay. I want to thank everybody for their time and their interest in Equifax. And with that, operator, we will conclude the call. Have a great day.
John Gamble: Absolutely. And we don't feel any constraints with executing M&A. We're continuing to go as fast as we can, and we continue to think we have a nice pipeline, as we look at the rest of this year.
John Gamble: I was just down there, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, in South America. And what we always do is meet with business leaders and meet with economists. And even though we have a small operation in Brazil, as a country, I still remain concerned about Brazil short term. As you know, they had a significant recession last year. I think the outlook this year is for modest improvement with positive GDP but very, very modest. So, short term, I'm still bearish on Brazil. I like our partnership in Brazil. We continue to work close with our Brazilian partners, and I don't feel that right now is the time to make a decision to be bigger, stronger, better in Brazil at this juncture.
John Gamble: Great question. As we've talked about -- remember -- if you remember the call in February where there was significant concern at that time because of the mortgage market rates going up and mortgage market declining, ACA being repealed. And we talked then about our confidence levels driven by EGI and NPI, that remains the case today. I alluded to, in the February call, I think even a couple of times last year, George, that our classified last year was an unbelievable classifieds that will bode well for that year, minus ramp up at the back half of the year. Secondly as I said in my prepared comments, the class of products that we're launching, the pipeline of products in 2017 is as strong as ever.
John Gamble: And if you look at the constant currency growth we're talking about in 2Q '17, if you add back the drag from mortgage, it really looks pretty consistent what we delivered in the first quarter. And then if you take a look at total constant currency growth for the first half, we're looking at 11%, right? So, I think the performance overall in the first quarter and the second quarter and when you take a look at the entire first half growth at 11%, it looks very, very good.
John Gamble: Sure. Financial marketing line, as you know, that can be a little bit lumpy. We're seeing nice growth in prescreen, and we think that's an area where we're probably going to see good performance throughout the rest of this year. But it will be lumpy as you look through the rest of the year as well. In terms of USIS margins, we're very happy with our margins. They were basically flat. We're continuing to expect them to go up. The small movements that you see in any given quarter are really just mix related, and sometimes related to the lumpy revenue that we just talked about. But generally speaking, USIS margins have been outstanding and we're expecting very good performance this year.
John Gamble: The nice thing about CFN at this point is in terms of the creation of the exchange and the contributors it's just gone incredibly well. And we, at this point, have garnered the vast majority of the contributors we hoped to achieve, including Telcos, including other top side of the traditional banking industry. So, we think it's a superior exchange, and we're very happy with the way it's been built.
John Gamble: And keep in mind, right, we get the benefit from trended data pricing in terms of the lift for the first effectively 2.5 quarters of the year because we started shipping trended data in August last year.
John Gamble: In terms of the math, right, last year's organic was very high at around 12%. And yes, mortgage was a benefit we also had a really nice benefit from ACA growth last year, right? So, as you do that analysis, you just need to make sure you take both of those things into account and -- to determine where you think that shakes out. But the growth related to mortgage in ACA were a nice contributor to growth last year, and we're not really going to see either of those this year. So, if you're just backing out mortgage, that maybe a tough comparison.
John Gamble: Yes. We think for the first quarter, we gave it in the script, right? So those revenues, Asia-Pacific is virtually all Veda revenues. There's almost nothing that was there before. And that the performance of Veda was pretty much as we expected in 2016. I think we indicated when we acquired them long term, we're expecting them to grow kind of consistent with our growth rates, and we're very, very happy with the way they're performing and we expect them to perform on about that basis, as we look at '17 and beyond.
