Paulino Barros: Thanks, John. I want to reiterate our commitment to the consumer and to our customers and partners. We'll deliver on the commitments we have made to provide greater visibility and control to consumers and for Equifax to become a leader in integrated IT and security areas – data security areas. As we deliver this, I strongly believe we will be a stronger company and our culture of innovation and execution will again allow us to deliver differentiated solution to our customers that drove the Equifax business model over the past 10 years. Finally, I want to thank the incredible, resilient employees of Equifax. Their efforts to support consumers, our customers and Equifax in general are greatly appreciated by me, our leadership team and the board. And with that, operator, we'll now open it up for questions.
Paulino Barros: As I mentioned in my top-down review, in my speech here, we have done a comprehensive, top-down review of – with the help of PwC and we're strengthening – the approach has been to strengthen the entire operations in this aspect, right, from detection capabilities and processes, the tools, updating the tools and innovating the tools that we have to enhance our detection capabilities. And we will continue and there's more. I think that when we have an event of this nature, we need to make – we need to stop and make sure that we have – review the entire process. And we do this in 2 steps. First, we want to make sure that our current capabilities are up to speed and able to respond to these attacks; and second, to design the future stake that we're going to have in the company.
Paulino Barros: I think that mostly, we didn't lose any contracts that we have today. I have met several customers through this process. And it's definitely an issue that we have – they have visibility on the road map and our implementation and the things we want to do in the security area. We've been very actually grateful that I have been able to share with their Chief Security Officers some insights on how we should project and design our new systems. We – what we had in Q3, in the USIS mostly, was some deferral – new projects that they have with us. They want to make sure that our security systems are in line with their expectations. And we're expecting it. As we demonstrate and share our experiences with them, which is going to happen in the next couple of weeks, they'll be able to understand what we're doing and naturally just will come back into a normal cycle of business.
Paulino Barros: Just to add a comment on the customer side. We have a range of customers that I talked to, a number of them. Some customers have been very, very endorsing, very supportive, helping us, giving us insights in order to do a very, very level a lot of conversations out there in front of the customers. my direction has been, let's go and make sure that we are in front of the customers and get their input and feedback on how the things proceed going forward. Again, it has been in the fabric and DNA of this company, execution, and we'll continue to do so. We'll continue to expand our data asset. We'll continue to innovate and have added value to our customers. This is not going to go away, and this would be the basics of what we have in our business model.
Paulino Barros: Indeed. We have had renewals. We have new customers, in both EWS and USIS, in that – but this is a process. This is – we'll have to regain our credibility and make sure that we will deliver on the execution plans that we have in place.
Paulino Barros: Well, I think that the network today is better than was in the beginning of this process, and it'll be better tomorrow as we continue to make improvements and invest, as John suggested, the amount of money, the resources that we're investing in to get it done. We believe that we're starting now. And actually, we start next week, in 10 days, sharing the issues that we have related to this process with the key customers that we have and that they will understand what happened and share the road map that we have to fix this in the short term and the long term. A significant amount of this in the short term has been addressed. And so as long as they understand – this is a technical conversation. As long as they understand the rationale we have in place, then they have no reasons why not to do so. We understand there's a reputational part of the process as well. We – this is our job to make sure that they're totally informed about our capabilities and be confident to do business again with us. Of course, it's not going to be done in few quarters, but we are confident that we have the resources in place to make sure that we will inform our customers to be – it's easy of doing business with us again in the near future.
Paulino Barros: Yes, I think that in general terms, the industry is much more sophisticated to use different and diverse data assets to go through the authentication process. So the kind of information that was taken from us and the PII information has had – is not part of their multifactor authentication process that used to normally bring a customer in. So I think that the industry is way ahead on this process.
Paulino Barros: Thank you for the question. This was exactly why we created the Chief Transformation Officer, to make sure that we focus our business people into the business side. And we have someone responsible for the short-term and the long-term initiatives that will be generated by this transformation that we have. And also, given our execution and process streamlining capabilities, we're focusing all this – most of it – most of these resources within the transformation area, so the business can continue to run and be aggressive and what they have to do, why we do a transformation and execution plans under a separate organization. Of course, in general, everybody got impacted, because this is very disappointing to us as well. So the – but the commitment and resilience of our employees has been outstanding in how we want to focus on getting back on the boat and row – continue to rowing again.
Paulino Barros: This is exactly what you've understood. The focus is on lock, unlock capability that consumers will have when we launch this service in the end of January.
Paulino Barros: No, I think that we have a – this is a journey here. Given the magnitude of the impact that we have, we're going to have 2 stage, of course. One is to make sure the current systems and capabilities of our security organization and systems will be in place to make sure that we're going to the next stage and then design the future stage that we want to have for the business. This is going to be an ongoing effort. There's opportunity for us to modernize and bring that new technology into place. And this is a phenomenon that the entire industry is going to have, okay? The hacking industry continues to evolve, and we need to be ahead of them, and we'll do so. This is the core of our business. We need to be ahead of that industry.
Paulino Barros: Yes. What we have – as I have my testimony declared, there's no – we have no evidence of any third-party, any nation involved in the process.
John Gamble: Yes. So in the script, we indicated that in the fourth quarter, we expected about $60 million to $75 million worth of cost just in the fourth quarter alone. And of that amount specific to the security actions that you're talking about, it's probably on the order of 1/3 of that. And then obviously, there'll also be increased spending as we move into 2018. But the immediate spending is on the order of 1/3 of that.
John Gamble: Bottom line is we continue to work through with the customers. We're hoping to win back their trust and then be able to regain the business that we've indicated has been deferred, and we're still working through that process.
John Gamble: Yes. So again, if – and I think Paulino addressed this in his script, right? What we indicated is that we think the basic capability of the company has in terms of focusing on diversity of assets and strength of analytics, the historic ability to deliver value to customers by delivering that analytics. And I think what we indicated is, to the extent we're able to work through this issue and regain the trust of customers and improve the strength of our security systems and our IT systems, then those fundamental capabilities still exist. And if they do, we can continue to deliver that value to customers. If we do that, that was the basis of our business model. In terms of specific numbers, no, we're not in a position to talk about specific numbers about our long-term model, and it wouldn't be appropriate at this point. Right now, the focus is on dealing with the IT and security incident and dealing with consumers as we promised that we would.
John Gamble: It's probably more broad-based. If you think about the parts of that business where we do more, call it, discrete activities, it tends to be more on the Employer Services side. But I would say it's more broad-based. It certainly touches government, but also it touches commercial customers.
John Gamble: Toni, to your comment, we weren't trying to indicate that it was specific to mortgage and not as much to deferrals, right? Both of those are significant impacts, resulting in the decline in USIS in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing a continuation of what we saw in the third quarter continuing into the fourth quarter in terms of customer deferrals. And then also, obviously, the double-digit decline in mortgage are the 2 largest factors resulting in the decline in USIS.
John Gamble: We indicated that we're seeing deferrals into 2018, because we certainly understand that this process takes time, right, and that – and we need to work through all of the questions our customers would have and be extremely transparent with them so that they can complete their reviews and move forward. So that's why we indicated you're looking at deferrals into 2018.
John Gamble: Yes. I think in the 10-Q, we provided information in terms of the range of expenses we expected to incur. And we provided detail around the – how the estimate was generated. So that's probably the best source for that information. And on the second question, I'm not sure I understood it completely. But if you'd like to understand the differences between the paid product which exists and the free product, that information is also available on the website. To be clear, we're not currently selling the paid product on the website, right? So if we have existing customers that we're continuing to service as best we can and doing our best service for them, but we're currently not advertising, not cross-selling, and you can't purchase that product on the website.
John Gamble: Also, we characterized these as deferrals, because in some cases, these are solutions which we're uniquely positioned to be able to deliver. In other cases, because the conversations are ongoing and are actually – it's clear that they are being deferred, decision is being deferred based on the outcome of continuing discussions around security. But certainly, to your point, to the extent something becomes deferred over an extended period of time, it's certainly lost. It's only been 2 months since the cyber event. So the discussions are ongoing. So we were characterizing them as deferred. Obviously, if those deferrals continue, those become cancellations. Or these actions that won't occur, not cancellations. They haven't been signed, sorry.
John Gamble: Yes. So we're not going to specifically disclose the specific amount of the coverage. And in general, we believe that the type of cost that we've incurred related to the cyber event are indeed under the general structure of the policy, and we're currently in discussions with the insurers around completing – around moving forward with insurance claims. And we would expect to make very good progress in this quarter on that process.
John Gamble: It's more specifically around the fact that given the cybersecurity event that's ongoing, there's ongoing investigations with the company, as Paulino mentioned in his script, that we just don't think it's appropriate for us to be purchasing shares at this time.
John Gamble: Understand it, and I think we'll be able to give you a much better view as to what the ongoing increase in spend will be when we hit our discussion at the end of the fourth quarter. My statements earlier were about 1/3 of the $60 million to $75 million on security in the fourth quarter. That is specifically incremental spend in the quarter, right? It in no way reflects the normal ongoing spend. So obviously, our spend this year is up dramatically from what it has been in the past. To turn to the dimension side of our spend, I think probably the best thing I can reference is we spend in 2017, prior to the breach occurring, so if you took a look at what our forecast was, what we were budgeting, we would have spent about 12% of IT and security combined on our security specifically. So that's probably the best metric to use.
John Gamble: Yes. so if you think about the total spend, the total amount of spent not only on security, I don't think he said immediately post-breach. But total on security as well as the other costs, for example, that I referenced we would be incurring in the fourth quarters, that's the type of substantial increase we're talking about that's ongoing in terms of investigation into the cybersecurity event as well as remediation, which is all around IT security and IT investigation in general, right? So those total expenses are the expense levels, I believe, were being referenced there.
John Gamble: Yes. I think all we said in the script was that in terms of identifying specific instances specifically related to the Equifax data that we haven't identified. We can't say that nothing has occurred, right? That was, I think, all we were attempting to say with that statement.
John Gamble: All we're indicating is we don't have any direct evidence. But obviously, we can't speak to others may have other evidence that they would consider. We were just indicating based on our checks, what we have seen.
John Gamble: And again, to your point, right, I have to admit, given the impact of cyber, it is a little more difficult right now to give specific industry data. But I think in the script, we referenced commercial and auto. Auto, we did see some weakness in the third quarter. If you think about where Equifax is strong, we're particularly strong in the Southeast. And some of the weather-related events, we think, impacted us in the quarter, perhaps more than others, but certainly impacted us in the quarter. Some of that will come back in the fourth quarter, but we did see some weakness in auto. Commercial, as you know, we've been transitioning and building our own commercial financial network here over the past year. And versus last year, we have seen some weaker revenue as we transition off of the prior exchange moving to our own exchange. And we've seen some weakness in revenue related to that transition. And I'd say those are 2 areas that are probably specific to Equifax.
John Gamble: Could you ask your question one more time. I want to make sure we understood it. I'm not completely clear.
John Gamble: Well, I – we are certainly discussed with our customers probably around this event. In general, right, around authentication, that is an area we have attempted to be of service to our customers in the past. So we'll continue to have those conversations. But anything specific to this event related to that, I don't really think so. But Paulino may want to address that.
John Gamble: So again – yes. And if your question is, to that effect, the way a customer wants to deal with us can hard press to speak with that. But again, we're focused very much on making sure they understand everything that occurred and what we're doing to try to improve it.
John Gamble: Yes. So again, we made some – we made comments in the script around what we saw in the third quarter, and we haven't extended really beyond that. But as Paulino said, we're continuing to work very closely with customers to try to make sure that they get through their process of understanding what occurred and being able to move forward with us in the way they have in the past. So that – those processes continue, and we'll update you on how they proceed when we get out in the fourth quarter. We also did give you some view as to what we thought the impact of the event would be in the fourth quarter in terms of our revenue. So that would suggest you look there in terms of what we think the impact may be in the fourth quarter.
John Gamble: So again, I think we made a comment in the script around working very closely with data contributors. USIS – sorry, EWS continues to work very closely with data contributors. And as we indicated, it's important to recognize that EWS systems were not impacted by this event.
John Gamble: I think the only thing we've historically disclosed around drivers of revenue growth specifically, I think that are consistent with your question, is around NPI. And we've indicated that our new product innovation process delivers on the order of 300 basis points of growth a year, plus or minus a little bit depending on the year. And so that's probably the only number we've disclosed historically. We've never disclosed percentage of contracts renewed or new in a year. That's not something we've ever disclosed, but we have talked about NPI.
John Gamble: And the focus on security is ongoing, right? We should all understand that, that focus on security is through the entire company. Every person, I speak about my organization as well, right, is ongoing and continuous. So I wouldn't call that distraction. I would call that focus.
John Gamble: Yes. So Shlomo, I think all I can point you to is we did give some specific view on where we think GCS revenue will look like in the fourth quarter. And then we will certainly give you more color as we get into next year. It's still a bit early to know, right? it's only been a couple of months. But when we gave you our GCS revenue for the fourth quarter, that decline really is heavily related to the question that you asked, and we gave you our best view as to what we think that impact would probably be.
John Gamble: Yes. The $56 million to $110 million is almost exclusively external cost. It's really the cost of purchasing services from others that we have to deliver. The – yes – and also call center. I'm sorry, so the call center cost is in there, which is internal as well as we use some third parties for call center and then the third-party costs associated with the product that we're delivering to people for free. The internal cost is reflected in our ongoing results.
John Gamble: And we're investing heavily to make sure we – that our security substantially improves continuously, right? And that's really what we're talking about here. I can't make any comment about your – the specifics of your first question. But we're investing very heavily to make sure that we're seeing substantial continuous improvement not only today, not only tomorrow, but going forward into the future. So that's progressing and progressing very rapidly and as Paulino has talked about, so our conversations with customers, ensuring they understand where we stand and then what we're doing going forward.
John Gamble: I don't have that number at my fingertips, but we'll look it up and we'll give it when the next person asks the question.
John Gamble: So the accrual, this – the range of the accrual reflects our current estimate of what we think the total costs will be based on differing assumptions related to the breach. And then for the full year, if you include the $60 million to $75 million, that would give you the total amount of costs that we expect to incur in 2017.
John Gamble: And so in terms of this split of those 2, pardon me – so in terms of the split of those 2, we didn't indicate specifically how much was related to the cybersecurity incident and how much related to the mortgage market decline. So we didn't give those specific numbers. And then also if you could ask your question again, just to make sure I understood it.
John Gamble: Yes, so going back to a previous question, so the mortgage market revenue – mortgage revenue was about 19% of the total revenue for the quarter. So sorry for the deferral on that. And in terms of what we're expecting for the cyber incident impact, we indicated that – what – we indicated in our script what we expected it to be in the fourth quarter. It's certainly greater than the third quarter, but I think a lot of that's simply because of the increased amount of time that will incur that impact. And so it was only announced in September in the third quarter and therefore saw a more limited impact. So I think we indicated 3% or 4%, and that's consistent with what we expect.
John Gamble: Some of our non-U. S. businesses have partners. In some cases, in some of our businesses, we have partnerships with financial institutions in the countries in which we operate. And therefore when those businesses do better, the non-controlling interest was out. So that's basically it. So it isn't necessarily specific to the U.K. It's a general statement.
