Richard F. Smith: Great. Thanks John. Quick outlook for guidance for the second quarter and the total year. Before I give you some numbers, just want to put into perspective the influence of the mortgage market as it relates to the second quarter and the balance of the year. Again, we expect the market to – the mortgage market to perform much like we talked about back in February, moderating a bit in the second quarter and then continuing to moderate even further year-on-year in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So for the second quarter, we expect organic revenue growth – organic revenue to be between $655 million and $665 million, that is a constant currency organic revenue growth rate of 10% to 12%, and that's partially offset by three points of FX headwind. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.09 and $1.11, which is up 14% to 16%, excluding $0.02 per share of negative impact from FX. This reflects constant currency growth rate of 16% to 18% for the quarter. We also expect operating margin to continue to improve in the quarter in the range of 27.5% to 28%. Obviously, there is some uncertainty for the balance of the year, it's macroeconomic uncertainty around the world, it's U.S. economic uncertainty, some uncertainty in Middle East, uncertainty in Latin America. So – but against that uncertain backdrop, I'm convinced that this team will continue to execute extremely well and continue driving above-market growth across all of our businesses and all of our verticals through the second quarter and the balance of the year. So with that, and based upon the current level of domestic and international business activity and the FX rates, we expect 2015 to – a revenue range of $2.585 billion to $2.635 billion, which is up from our previous guidance. This reflects constant currency organic revenue growth of 8% to 11% for the year. This strong revenue growth is partially offset by three points of negative impact from FX, and again, as before, this is only organic revenue growth at this time. 2015 adjusted EPS, we expect to be in the range of $4.28 and $4.35 per share, also up from our previous guidance. This reflects 10% to 12% growth in 2015. FX impact for the year, as we previously stated in the last earnings call, is expected to be about $0.11 for the year. We had about $0.02 a share impact in the first quarter, which says we have about – remaining $0.09 per share impact for the full year. So with that, operator, let's open up for any questions our callers might have.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Shlomo. I'd say there's two primary drivers to the growth. One, I think I mentioned it last year, that new leadership in there has been about a year or so, year-and-a-half, Scott Collins doing a heck of a job. He's changed the mentality out there from a business unit that's kind of protect the work number to a growth business model. So, he's built processes, he's changing the team. They think about growth, not protect, so that's helping him. And then you had a WOTC benefit for the first quarter that added some growth as well. So as I think about the Verification Services piece of EWS, Shlomo, when we bought the business, we thought it would be a good solid year-on-year middle-single-digit kind of growth rate. So I would not model a double-digit growth rate for Employer Services at this point.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah. I mean in the Employer Services is a piece of business that is on fire. And I think we talked about it in the last earnings call, and that is what we call Workforce Analytics, and that is going to grow over 100% this year. And we've signed hundreds of contracts to help employers make sure they're compliant with the ACA laws. And remember as I mentioned before, Shlomo, we get multiple bites of the apple, there you get some consultant revenue, you get the analytics revenue and then in many cases, the employers who are using that analytics don't give us work number records; the only way we can analyze their level of compliance is to get the work number records. So that revenue growth, by adding those records to the database, don't show up in Employer, it shows up in Verification once they flow down the system. So you should consider ACA Analytics or Workforce Analytics as being a long-term sustainable growth piece of EWS's strategy. Also within the Employer Services, they are building out a really good full suite of compliance center products to help our employers ensure they're compliant with many regulatory changes, not just (26:53).
Richard F. Smith: Rest assured, we do know those numbers. We don't disclose those right now. But if you talk to Dann Adams, Shlomo, he would tell you, as would Scott, the guy that runs that part of the business, Shlomo, that the compliance center is a exciting multiyear growth strategy for EWS in total and clearly for the Employer side. We've given you some color in the past around the number of records added through ACA, through Workforce Analytics. And you know that the number on the average revenue per transaction, so you can build some sense of how important that is on the Verification side, it's meaningful.
Richard F. Smith: We don't disclose individual client activity. We gave you a number, I think it was back in the fourth quarter of what it would be. We said $20 million to $25 million a year in revenue. So, in the scheme of things for the company, great customer, great win, not only significant for the company, but important for USIS.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah. Again, as I tried to allude to in the – my opening comments as did John in his, it is extremely broad based, it is. Automotive was extremely strong. Our KCP clients was strong, Financial Services was strong, Telco was strong, Credit Karma was strong, mortgage channel partners were strong. It is extremely broad based.
Richard F. Smith: The gift that keeps on giving, you always want more, David. I'd say the beauty of this model is, we have the ability to continue to invest in CapEx for organic growth. And as you're growing, the leverage you get is phenomenal. So that exists not only in USIS as we really saw, that exists in virtually every business we have, and what you just saw in EWS as well. So yeah I think now that they're over, I don't know the exact number for USIS, over 42% I think it was, yeah, you should expect them to fall in that range. And the only way John and I can give you our targeted 25 basis points of expansion every year, is that every business unit continues to grow. So I would expect USIS to continue to expand on mortgage as well.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, we're committed to that range that we talked about. And I think it was three years or four years ago, we established a new dividend policy, that 25% to 35% of our net income going back in the form of a dividend. So as we continue to grow our net income, you should continue to expect dividends to increase.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah. Greg, thanks for joining. I'll talk specifically about TDX. What you can hear us talk about more in the future, is a debt services platform which is really integrating the capabilities we have and our Mexican acquisition is about the same timeframe called Infinix and then TDX, which is the UK-domiciled capability. So you'll hear us talk about kind of debt servicing platform versus TDX or Infinix going forward. Specific to the Her Majesty's contract, as I alluded to briefly in my comments, going as expected. We've overwhelmed this with people, with process. The timeline is tight. It was such a significant award that we had to make sure we got it right and we're getting it right. And hopefully, as we extend this technical environment up, this structure up, in the third quarter, we started to receive their first load of data in the third quarter. It takes you a while to analyze the data, understand the data, format the data, and then you pass the analytics on to the collection agencies across the country. So that's why I said you expect nominal amount of revenue in the 2015 year, maybe the very end of the fourth quarter, and then ramping up nicely in 2016.
Richard F. Smith: That's a great question. We drilled a little bit early on because the same teams that can the build the capabilities to deploy in different countries were concerned, we're getting the DMI contract up and running in the UK. However, I can tell you that they're moving full speed now in places like Canada. I was just in South America last week, met with clients in both Chile and Argentina, the interest level is extremely high, and the pipeline is very good. Things are going very well in Australia. And we mentioned before, things are going very well in Peru, Colombia. There is a strong interest in Brazil for the platform. So while we're distracted a little bit with DMI, that distraction is now behind. And we're moving full speed.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Andrew. Two thoughts, one on the bank card issuance, what's going on there. Since the bank card issuance in the U.S. kind of hit the bottom, the market has rebounded at a rate of about 10% or so a year, so it's growing modestly, actually above modestly. However, it still remains significantly below the pre-recessionary levels. So improving, but nowhere close to where we were back in the pre-recessionary environment. And obviously, that improvement helps us. As far as FICO, as you know, the FICO business score, the thin score, thin file score you've alluded to is predicated largely upon our data and analyst data, a lot of data used in that model, is borrowing the data from our (36:01) data file on utilities and telcos. So as that product takes off, obviously we're the benefactor of that.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah. I think, it's more incremental. If you look at, take a proxy, the subprime bank card market, what you're seeing there is, yes, they're getting a little more aggressive in subprime lending, but the outstanding that loan limits, I should say, are extremely low. And so, while they're going a little more aggressive and obviously this thin file score will help them to be a little more aggressive, they're being very cautious on the limits they're applying to those bank cards.
Richard F. Smith: But obviously, anytime you get more people access to credit, and this score does that, we benefit by default.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, (37:32). Yeah. So Andrew, I think you may know a leader for us here – the guy's name is Andy Bodea, works for me, runs global operations, runs the global lean, global procurement. He is a great operator, a disciplined operator. He's got a great team around him. He started looking at this since, in earnest, maybe three years or four years ago and said, look at these large multimillion dollars, sometimes cross-business unit deals, you need more rigor to ensure our time-to-revenue is as expected much like we did in NPI. So Andy and his team have been doing this now for three years or four years. And we're doing stuff, I'll give you a couple of examples of where we are attacking EGI today, one is in automotive. And we're couple of years into that now, and we decided to get into automotive heavily. We leveraged EGI discipline to do so. Another, I alluded to EWF a few minutes ago was this compliance center, building up more capabilities, (38:29) and some others, and non-ACA Workforce Analytics, a whole suite of new products (38:37). We're doing some things in PSOL – re-platforming of PSOL's go-to-market. It definitively gives you exclusively pricing power? It definitely gives you revenue growth, which is a factor in our performance, as you've seen us exit 2014 and continue in 2015. And I think anytime you can build products to differentiate what you do versus your competition, it does add more value – the discussion goes away from pricing more to share gain you spend.
Richard F. Smith: No, it is specifically the second quarter, and then I'll come back to the balance of the year. There are two primary drivers when you look at sequential growth. And you hit one, George, which is the mortgage market. And the other is, I think I alluded to it in my comments, the WOTC contract, Workforce Opportunity Tax Credit contract, which we monetized in the first quarter this year, we did last year as well. It doesn't repeat. It's a one quarter – largely a one-quarter activity. That's the nuances, if you will, for the second quarter. And then for the balance of the year, the third quarter and fourth quarter, we look at growth rates here which are still very solid, I think you'd agree. It's really the uncertainty on a macro basis; interest rate environment, regulatory environment around the world, economic environment so on and so forth, geopolitical issues, and there's uncertainty there. That's about it.
Richard F. Smith: No. Because, as I alluded to, the data doesn't come in until third quarter. By the time we actually format it, analyze it and then start to distribute the data and analytics, it could be late fourth quarter. So I don't expect much revenue from that large contract. You got to understand the investment we've made in this business has been on two fronts; one is standing up DMI and the other is the typical stuff we invest when we acquire a company as security. That's compliance. We're in the process of applying for a license in UK for this organization, and so on and so forth. This makes (41:50). So this is a year of fairly heavy broad-based investment in TDX, also investment to bring it global into more countries. So as far as margin expansions for TDX specifically and then international, I expect modest improvement for international for this year, but then a more significant improvement as we go in 2016 because the level of spend comes down, the core TDX business continues to grow at strong double-digits, and the monetization of DMI.
Richard F. Smith: It's an interesting question. The answer is I'm not prepared to do that now, but let me give that some thought, Brett.
Richard F. Smith: Because you're right, there are a lot of similarities. It's a systematic way to bring process discipline to growth...
Richard F. Smith: ...much like NPI. So let me give it some thought. At a high level, I will tell you this. It is becoming a very meaningful number. It is contributing to our organic growth rate quarter in quarter out. Rather than just react here on the phone, let John give some thought to what's the best way to frame that up for you. But the one reason we didn't break it up for this call is because; one, we've been at it and we have some credibility internally in doing this for three years or four years now; and two, it's meaningful. So I'll come back to you.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I think FICO is the brand when it comes to scoring in the U.S. today. So I think the thing that's changed for PSOL largely is three things: one, we now have good international platform versus a U.S. platform; two, with the acquisition of TrustedID a year and a half year or so ago that gives them a whole new area of focus for growth; and three, obviously is free thing we talked about. Free market is here to stay. So be that a FICO score or any other score, getting your score for free is here to stay. And as I mentioned in the last earnings call, Trey and his team and even (45:08) and his team from the USIS side are working diligently on figuring out how to best play there. And I always tell people that there's a different way to think about that, and if you look at one of our competitors who talks about their PSOL business, they're (45:26), if you will. We sell to partners. They aggregate in their PSOL business. That reflects a much different growth profile. So as I think about it, I don't really care if it comes through our USIS channel, which it does today, or if comes through PSOL, which it may in the future. That free market is here and it's clear we've got to have a great strategy around that and the team is developing that right now.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. When we give guidance or we give a multi-year framework, Jeff, we take that very seriously. So when John and I think it's prudent to revisit the multi-year framework and make any adjustments, you guys will be the first to know. But at this juncture, largely driven by, it has nothing to do with our ability to execute. The things you mentioned, D360, new product innovation, EGI, pricing all those things. I think you know Jeff, we've been at now for eight years, nine years, 10 years, and that's all organic as we talked about as well. So the only thing that's holding us back right now is macro uncertainty, and it's just too early to make any change on the model at this juncture.
Richard F. Smith: Clearly it's the latter. You've heard me say before, leadership makes a difference. And that's now the responsibility of Rudy Ploder and then a guy within Rudy's team, we talked of before, he runs our KCP accounts, and a high potential guy in our company, Tom Madison. Those two gentlemen have brought focus and discipline and leveraging the USIS relationships. So leadership makes a difference and that's a great example.
Richard F. Smith: Now, the currencies – this is Rick. So it's the same. We gave currency impact for the year of about $0.11 when we were together in February. And as I probably said in my comments, it's still $0.11 for the year. It's $0.09. The remaining $0.02 of it will occur in the first quarter.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Andrew, I thought I mentioned in my comments, it was 25% growth in the first quarter and that's specific to TDX. Anyways, I expect it to be strong double-digit growth for the year as we talked about before and (50:16) traction.
Richard F. Smith: I think we've given the number when we bought it. We didn't give. Jeff is shaking his head, no. It's becoming a very meaningful size business for us.
Richard F. Smith: Okay. The first one on the WOTC, I'm not sure I remember all three questions. First on the WOTC was, if you took the WOTC benefit out, the growth rate for all of EWS I think went from 24% to 21%.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. (51:48) Yes. I gave some numbers earlier on the last call, Paul. Last year we were slightly above the minimum contract and we expect to be up significantly from that in this year. That was number one. Number two, we talked about another big part, which is probably even bigger on the CMS mandate is the ACA workforce analytics stuff that we talked about, which will be up over 100% this year versus last year, and also adding a lot of – number of records to the database. So it's very important to us.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, absolutely. Remember, last year they had all the issues with standing up the CMS websites. That's largely behind. The awareness is greater. The activity rate is much higher, so yes.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, that is yet to be seen on the activity base. But the good thing is we're finding people who don't have a credit file, who have some payment behavior that seems positive that you can now introduce to telcos and banks and auto lenders to potentially give them credit. But the time will tell if in fact they have a credit activity that's like the rest of our customer base. My guess is no (53:22) time will tell.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I mean I gave you a high-level overview in my comments that the fraud and (53:59) detection business which is much more than just the U.S. is growing strong double-digit for us, which is great. So if I think of specific to your questions where are we solving problems with the U.S. with fraud and ID prevention products, it is in SSA, it's in the IRS, it's in CMS, it's also a number of state agencies across the country, so it's broad based. And yes, the punch line there is, Bill, if I look at our three-year to five-year strategic plan and say what might look different three years to five years out, one of the areas we've talked about with you guys is a much larger, more impactful higher performing fraud and ID protection business, and that's why we dedicated some new resources when we structured that last year and it's just performing very well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. We've talked about this before. We've got a great leader who is an Argentine that worked for us across Latin America and then we moved him to Spain. He got Spain really on a great roll through the recession and post recession. And then we moved him and then it was Patricia Ramon (55:30) to the UK, sometime last year, continues to do a good job there. So it's the same dynamics you'd be seeing, Bill, around the world. It is innovation, it is focus on verticals that are important, just like insurance, government over there, and now collections. It is analytics, decision analytics platforms that we're deploying across multiple verticals in our European footprint.
