Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Lee. It's a fact [ph] that 2011, I think, by any measure, it was a really solid year. Our team executed at a very high level against the strategic growth initiatives that we set forth a few years ago. That combined with a modestly improving economic environment in most parts of the world gives us great momentum as we leave 2011 and enter 2012, obviously entering with our fastest core organic growth rate in the fourth quarter we've had in years.  Now looking forward. The first quarter, assuming the current exchange rates and excluding Brazil, is expected to deliver revenue growth from continuing operations between 9% and 12%. Every business unit is expected to deliver high single- to low double-digit revenue growth in the quarter. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.64 and $0.67 per share for the quarter, which will be up somewhere between 10% to 16% when compared to the first quarter of 2011.  Now a look forward for the full year. Our outlook for the full year is for solid growth from each business unit. For 2012 when compared to 2011, we're assuming no real economic improvement in the U.S. In fact, our base case is around 2% GDP growth in the U.S. and a modest recession in Europe. With that being said, I will now walk through some expectations for each of the 5 business units.  Starting with USCIS, where we expect, for the year now, USCIS to deliver solid mid- to upper single-digit revenue growth, both will be higher in the first half of the year when compared with the second half of the year as we anniversary certain products and some pricing initiatives and customer penetration wins we had in mid-2011. We'll also continue our aggressive investment in NPI to significantly enhance the long-term value of our products and services to our customers in USCIS.  Now TALX Workforce Solutions is expected to deliver upper single-digit growth for the year as they continue to drive NPI market segmentation and expand the record count for the Work Number database, somewhat like USCIS. Maybe a slightly higher first-half growth for TALX versus the second half for the same reasons.  Third, on the PSol, we'll leverage the momentum from 2011 to deliver double-digit revenue growth. Again, in 2012, we will continue to invest more in marketing to support our long-term growth outlook for that business. Our Commercial Solutions business made great progress in 2011, developing stronger market position, growing revenue, expanding their operating margin. For 2012, we expect solid double-digit revenue growth once again. International, excluding Brazil, is also expected to deliver low double-digit growth for the year, leveraging its #1 market positions in Canada and Latin America along with further market penetration in the U.K. So solid, solid growth across all 5 business units again in 2012. Overall, our operating margin for the year should expand approximately 50 basis points as we benefit from the leverage we get from the accelerated growth. For the year, we expect internal investment in CapEx to be once again in that range of $75 million to $95 million.  Now we haven't done this in a while, but I want to also to provide a framework for you to think about as we think about the next 3 years and what kind of growth we expect the business to have. And, obviously, that model I'm about to lay out will include 2012. I said before, we've got a great team, a team I'm very proud of. They're executing at a high level. That will continue. We're going to continue to capitalize on our unique assets of data, and as a result of that, I do see a clear path to a sustainable 7% to 10% top line growth over the coming years. Adjusted EPS should grow 3 percentage points faster than the revenue due to a combination of operating margin expansion year-over-year and our financial leverage. Combine that with our dividend, that represents a 12% to 15% for our shareholders as we look forward for the next 3 or 4 years. So solid model and good returns for our shareholders. So with that, operator, we'd like to open the phone line to any questions our audience might have.
Richard F. Smith: I thought I broke that out. If I didn't -- yes, so if you take out inorganic and you take out mortgage, the core growth was 8%. If you just look at total core organic growth, including mortgage, it's 9%.
Richard F. Smith: I'd call that a run-on sentence, Carter. Let me see if I can -- overall, when we think about mortgage for the company for 2012, we have built a business plan that is assuming about a 20% decline in the mortgage market. So obviously, if there's any increase or pickup beyond that 20% forecasted decline, that's a benefit for us. And conversely, if it declines at a fast rate from 20% to negative. I think -- if anything, I think that 20% is solid, if not conservative. That answers the first part of your question. By the way, if you've read some of the reports that have come out recently, the refinancing is fairly strong in the month. It was fairly strong in the month of January and is continuing in February. So rates are obviously in historic lows. That's helping, and we benefit from that. But specific to Work, you made a statement about the more origination-focused rather than refinancing. They benefit from both. And the refinancing, they also get an impact as -- and pickup as well. So if refinancing picks up, that does benefit the Work Number. And the last question you had was basically a regulatory change with California. I think you're referring to New York coming in. And it's uncertain right now. If anything, that's a potential upside for us. We have not factored in that upside into our business plan.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. One, I alluded to a little bit in my comments, and Lee may have as well, the performance you saw in the fourth quarter of USCIS was extremely broad-based, which is -- which helps. It's as broad-based as I've seen probably dating back to 2005, where you had great growth in our large FIs, great growth in our regional banking customers, great growth in telco. Auto was up, channel partners up, and just everything we had was strong growth. I've mentioned somewhere in my comments the fact that we continue to invest heavily in pricing resources and discipline, and we've been doing that for years. We stepped it up dramatically in the last 18 months in USCIS, helping us think about bundling their products, segmentation of products, positioning of products. Show you understand [ph] the values our customers get, the ROI they have and the enterprising we should have. And that's helped Rudy and his team, at least in the fourth quarter, negate some of what we typically see as price compression. As far as sustainability, yes, I think that the path we're on in USCIS of leveraging these unique data assets to expand the pie and gain share is, in fact, sustainable, that was represented in my comments, with virtually no more help from the broader market in 2012. I expect USCIS to have another really good year. On leverage, there's always mix that plays in, Andrew. I mean, if my memory is correct, jump in, Lee, I think the margin expansion was 120 basis points. First -- fourth quarter 2011 over fourth quarter 2010, that's great leverage. And you always have some mix. Mortgage had a nice little uptick in the fourth quarter. Mortgage tends to not be as high a margin as other products like OSIS. So all in all, I say it's a very, very good performance top to bottom.
Richard F. Smith: That's a great question. A word of clarification. No, I think we're back to normalized -- if normalized is the 2002, '03, '04, '05, '06 time frame, no we're not there. But it is -- it definitely is an improving -- modestly improving environment in the U.S. versus the last few years, Andrew. So my bullishness on the future is predicated upon kind of that modest improvement in the U.S. economy, a modest recession short-term in Europe, but then it's really predicated upon the team's ability to execute. And I've said this to a number of our investors and analysts over the past 6 to 9 months. We've invested heavily on the ability to execute as a company. We've invested heavily in bringing in some great talent to the company. And as a result, the team has executed at the highest level I've seen in my 6.5 years here. So it's really that, that gives me the confidence to give you a multiyear outlook.
Richard F. Smith: Oh, yes, that has been a top-to-bottom -- new leadership. I think it's been 18 months ago or so we [indiscernible] that Trey Loughran, he's brought a new team with him. A new focus on metrics -- we've got some background noise [indiscernible] on the phone. [Technical Difficulty] But heavy focus on churn, heavy focus on dispersion, heavy focus on new product innovation. We're more aggressive in the marketplace and advertising as well, driving subs, increasing our ARPU. So yes, top-to-bottom kind of overhaul of that PSol product.
Richard F. Smith: We have the vehicle, as you know -- we announced this -- when was that? Mid-last year. There were a series of triggers that allow us to do so. We have not done so yet. We're actively involved in the process of integrating the 2 companies, driving new product to market, gaining market share. So on the operational aspect, forget the ownership for a second, operationally, we're doing everything we've set out to do and may be slightly ahead of pace.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, no, David, we don't break out, at least at this juncture, the margin book. I can tell you that in general terms, where -- PSol is at a very, very high level of margin. I think the margin last year was 30%. I don't think you'll see much expansion there. You'll see businesses like Commercial at a very high level, modest upside in Commercial. Lee, you jump in here as well. I would expect in 2012 similar margins in TALX, expanding margins in USCIS and some expanding margins in International.
Richard F. Smith: Good question, David. We remain committed to that 25% to 35% that income being redistributed back to our shareholders in the form of dividend. We, in fact, have a Board meeting tomorrow. We'll discuss that tomorrow. But our anticipation will be we'll make a move up with the dividend this year.
Richard F. Smith: And the only thing I'd add there, Julio, if you think about the marketing piece of USCIS, which Lee just mentioned was 20%, a big chunk of that was actually -- is up -- it was solid in the fourth quarter. Our triggers were solid, our portfolio reviews were solid. It was just a piece of the 20% that was, I'd call discretionary that was slightly down. And as I think about that -- even if that is a little volatile, our discretionary spend, the market demand is starting to strengthen, and our execution on growth initiatives is actually in a very high level as well. So I think you have to think about that in context.
Richard F. Smith: I describe it as improvement. As -- we spent a lot of time our there with our banking clients, it's not euphoria, but it's improving. Cautiously, optimistically improving. It feels better -- if I categorize a tone today, it feels better today than it's felt in a number of years. Auto lending feels pretty good. Credit card loans and issuance feel pretty good. Refinancing is strong. Obviously, home origination and new mortgages, still sluggish. Small business lending, still a little sluggish. Midsized to large corporate lending, improving. So the overall tone would be one of modest improvement.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I don't actually recall the discussion saying we're slowing. The growth in Latin America was broad-based. It was across all countries, like we've seen now for quite some time. And not just all countries, but all -- mostly all products across all countries. So as I look at Latin America and I look at 2012 first quarter and total year, I think the growth we're seeing there is definitely sustainable.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I think it's -- obviously, leveraging the size and the scale that both these companies bring together. And that's taking the price [ph] at our workforce in other parts of Latin America, in other parts of the world, down to Brazil. And that could be things like analytical solutions, decisioning, so on and so forth, fraud products that we have that have worked very well in other parts of the world. That was really the value that the partners saw in us is a good leadership team that understands how to innovate and bring new products from one part of the world to Brazil. So that's exactly what we're doing.
Richard F. Smith: I'm not sure what you're referring to when you say minority interests. You may be thinking of Russia or something like that, but -- that's the existing companies we see today.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Both of them were -- and Lee, I'm thinking from memory here, both of the ones we referred to, I think it was the last earnings call, should anniversary. It was late third quarter, early fourth quarter of last year. I think one may have been in October and one was maybe just a month or so prior to that. And as far as the contribution of those 2 to the overall growth, I have not done the calculations, my instinct is it's not significant because the growth we're seeing in USCIS is so broad-based, again, across multiple products and almost every single vertical that we play in. So it truly is broad-based and not driven by 1 or 2 takeaways.
Richard F. Smith: Anytime, and the team is executing very nicely. They had massive headwinds, as we said, last year in the -- starting late second quarter through the fourth quarter, those headwinds have abated. And we have built a plan that's assuming there's 20%-ish decline in the mortgage market, at the end [ph] is diversifying the Work Number well beyond the mortgage markets we talked about. We're increasing the Work Number records, which obviously give them great leverage on the topline and bottom line. We talked about partnerships, we've got to go down market, so I'm highly confident.
Richard F. Smith: It's largely that. NPI is allowing us to go into new markets that we didn't serve before. It's allowing us to take share with current customers who we are serving. We're leveraging the IXi-like database over to the wealth database to create new products. We think that'll be [ph] Decision 360. So it's really a great execution by the leadership team in the U.K.
Richard F. Smith: We don't expect, in that model I just gave you, any improvement from the core market environment, which hopefully, we'll try not to be conservative. We assumed back in -- I think it was '06, '07, '08, 2% or 3%. We're assuming the same here. We assumed back then about 1 to 2 points of M&A. We're assuming the same thing here. What's really happening is because of our ability to execute the growth initiatives now at a much higher level than where we were when we first launched things like 4G and NPI and so on and so forth. We're stepping that up. And we're going to get more from our core organic growth initiatives, and that will now be 4% to 5%.
Richard F. Smith: I have no clue. That's an honest answer. We have -- each business is at a different point in their growth. What you should know is this. Over last 5 or 6 years, we have invested heavily in the growth levers for the company. So marketing has been a significant investment in new product innovation, product management, pricing segmentation, branding. Sales is invested heavily now that we're coming out this downturn, but I have no idea what those numbers are by business or in aggregate.
Richard F. Smith: I don't think there's anything changed as far as cyclicality. If I go back to -- it was such a broad-based performance. That's what's different. Every vertical through our NPI initiatives, we're able to grow year-on-year.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it's a combination of growing with our current customers and expanding the customers that we serve. And thirdly, even with the customers that we service, not just taking share but solving problems with the data assets, we couldn't solve a [indiscernible] spending more money with us..
Richard F. Smith: We've intentionally reached out to them. We went up and sat down with the team in D.C., which I think it was back in December. I had a very good conversation with them. They've been here to talk our teams. So we're taking a proactive approach with them. And at this juncture, I feel we're well prepared.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it is -- that's a good question. Just a clarification. We are customer-unique data assets able to solve problems for customers that they weren't solving before, so hence, they're spending more money. So it's, I'd say, growing to the pie. Number 2 is we're able to take our products to different verticals we couldn't service as robustly in the past, i.e., insurance, and you take share there or expand the pie. And third, we're clearly taking share from -- existing customers we have, ex share, ex is going up, or taking share where we had no share before from new customers. A combination.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I think 2 things. And, Lee, jump in. One was last -- towards the end of last year, especially the fourth quarter of 2010, I should say, not 2011, they had an unbelievable run-up of some project-based work that did not repeat. So the comps were tough, and they had a couple of large projects, as Lee mentioned in his commentary, that were viewed on the label discretionary spend that did not materialize. The underlying growth of the company, the value proposition of the product for the customers is still strong.
Richard F. Smith: If you look at the core U.S. risk business, which is the core of that BU -- I forgot the number, strong double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. And much like IXi, they have a piece of the business we call NDM [ph], which is the marketing, which is a project-based business that is somewhat discretionary. And it was that piece of business in the fourth quarter that didn't pop like we had hoped it would pop. But if you go back to my commentary, I think in my concluding comments, I talked about the forecast for 2012, first quarter and total year, and I told you I expect good, strong double-digit growth from that.
Lee Adrean: And Andrew, the thing I would add is that one of the ways we are driving growth is not simply waiting for the traditional bank customers to order credit reports for issuing credit cards. We're expanding, we're doing more with analytics, we're expanding our position in telco, we're expanding our position in insurance. And -- but to do that, we have to scale the organization. We're adding some salespeople, we're adding marketing people. So to drive the kind of growth that we're driving does require some added resources to expand our footprint, both from a product perspective as well as a customer perspective.
Lee Adrean: Yes. I think this business continues to have great profits characteristics. I think we've also tended to say that people should think about steady margin improvement, not big pops, because we are also investing in the growth opportunities to drive higher growth. So we have to get there over some period, yes, but it maybe longer than the -- what -- if you simply think about an incremental fall-through on traditional business, we're not going to get there at the rate that would imply. But we do think there's good runway.
Lee Adrean: Again, I would reemphasize. It's just not executing on the things we've always done and squeezing a little bit of incremental growth. It's expanding our footprint with new -- it's the kind of revenue growth addition we can get from new products and entering or expanding in some market segments.
Lee Adrean: Yes, I think they continue to be -- what we've said before, it's hard to plan for acquisitions, because we try to be extremely disciplined in the ones we pursue. But acquisitions, when the right ones present themselves, that will always be a priority in comparison to share buyback. Share buyback, the rewards are probably more immediate. But acquisitions that may help us expand our footprint in logical ways where we can bring leverage through our skills and capabilities, where those bring assets to us that leverage into our base, create more long-term value.
Lee Adrean: Yes, I think that's right. And I would emphasize, at a total company level, we are very committed to delivering moderate but steady improvement in margin. But business by business, we'll have some businesses where we're investing in a given year. We do not try to manage consistent, steady improvement margin for every business every year. That becomes too constraining. But at a total company, very committed to improvement.
Lee Adrean: I think what we've said for the year, the tax rate was 37% and, give or take, I would say 36% to 38%. That can float around a little bit. States are taking various actions. Frankly, the government's taking various actions. They tend to work against us, not help us, not surprisingly. But we are always looking for things that we can do. So I would simply say 37% plus or minus for the year, and it will tend to fluctuate by quarter.
Lee Adrean: Yes, it's really the -- what I would describe as discretionary project-oriented spending tends to be concentrated in our Consumer Financial Marketing Services aligned within USCIS. And even that, as some portion of that is subscription-based and some portion are the kind of one-time marketing studies or more discretionary types of projects, I haven't looked at it closely lately, but if you take even half as being discretionary and half as locked in to subscriptions, it's probably more subscription than that. And CFMS is 20% of USCIS. 20% -- USCIS is predominantly transaction-based. And as I said before, we've seen transaction activity performing very well.
Lee Adrean: Yes, I would expect free cash flow to be relatively consistent. Obviously, we get a little bit of bump because our earnings are higher. The D&A will be a little bit higher. Though cash from operations should be up some, look at CapEx in the middle of a range would be up a little bit. Rick indicated dividends are likely to be increasing more or less in line with earnings, and that will lead to free cash flow, i.e., cash from ops less CapEx and dividends, in the $250 million, give-or-take, range. And that's what we've got available for acquisitions or share repurchase.
Lee Adrean: Yes, the decline in deferred revenue really resulted from the deconsolidation of our Brazilian business, which had some deferred revenue. I think our subscription business is not a large part of what we do, but the deferred revenue on the balance sheet would generally tend to perform with our business. This year, really a function of the deconsolidation of Brazil.
Lee Adrean: I don't recall. It's going to -- it's probably a little bit less than that, just because I think we've got something that's falling off in the 12-month anniversary.
Lee Adrean: Yes. And I would add second and third quarters, excluding Brazil, Latin America was growing in 16% for us. It slowed slightly. The GDP growth generally in Latin America is slowing slightly. But with a broad range of our products, our revenue is holding quite well.
