Mark W. Begor: Sure, thanks Toni for the question. I'll start and John can jump in. It's hard to forecast how quickly USIS over current return to kind of pre-breach growth levels of that 6%, 7%, 8% that it was doing 18 months ago. We've been pretty clear that our recovery is positive. It's progressing. In my comments, I talked about that, you asked about that are there customers who don't want to do business with us. That's not the case. We've got less than a handful that – meaning one hand that we're still finalizing. Some of the security audits they're doing. The rest of our customers are back to more of a normal growth mode. Meaning, we're in there talking about competitive situations. We're in there talking about our NPIs. We're in there engaging around our Marketing Services business, our batch business. So, we're back to a more normal growth mode. But that recovery is hard to predict at how quickly we're going to get into that normal growth mode. We've seen progress, which we're very pleased with. I talked about our pipelines continue to build with our customers. I'm spending a lot of time with them. They want to take advantage of our differentiated data, our new products whether it's Ignite or InterConnect or differentiated data and the NC-plus database our TWN, Work Number database. Customer want our data and it's just going to be a matter of time. And we do expect continued improvement from third quarter to fourth quarter. We expect that we continue into 2019. It's just hard to predict when we'll actually get to that pre-breach growth level. But from my perspective, it's not a matter of if it's really just when and we expect that progress to continue.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it really I was just trying to signal and actually not signal just be clear about it. We're in active dialogs with all parties involved in that. And those discussions are positive, meaning that we're engaging with them. And I'd say that they are at an accelerated pace. And we expect those to continue with that pace in the fourth quarter as we go into 2019 and are working towards resolutions to push those forward.
Mark W. Begor: ...my comments were more broadly – we'll talk about USIS. I think our disappointment. We were pleased with USIS' progress. While it was a bit below what we had hoped for the fact that they move forward positively versus fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter that sequential improvement was important to us and quite meaningful. And what's behind my comments and John's about our outlook for, as we go forward is you go back six months ago, nine months ago, even four months ago, we had a longer list of customers that were still completing their post security incident audits. That's a very small number now. As I said less than what you count on one hand. Meaning that we'll resolve those and we're back to normal discussions. And our customers want our differentiated data. I'm spending tons of time with customers. I was with a big one on Monday, another big one last Friday. They want our differentiated data. They want our decisioning assets. So, they're engaged around getting back to growth. There is some unpredictability when you get the green light to get back in a mode of operations to be putting new products in front of them or new data assets, the unpredictability really comes about from them evaluating them, going through a purchasing process and there's a technology element of actually getting them those new products installed on their system or getting them access to our tools. We don't see any extension of the sales cycle as we try to be consistent every quarter that these are different in every situation. But with the pipelines at the highest level they've been in USIS in the last couple of years, the momentum I see in the space the way our commercial teams are engaging with customers, my involvement, Paulino's involvement that's what gives us the confidence that USIS will see continued improvement. And for your earlier question from Toni, we can't predict when we'll be back to that more normal growth mode. But we have a lot of confidence we're going to see continued improvement going forward. And as I said earlier, from our perspective, getting back to that more normal growth mode is not a matter of if, it's only timing. And we do expect to see continued improvement in fourth and then as we go into 2019.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. We're in the midst of that now. The alignment was made where we move to resources and reporting relationships back to the BUs and closer to the markets, which is an approach that I find makes a lot of sense to get decision-making closer to markets and customers. And we're going through a process now of a re-look at all of our cost efficiencies, as we do our budgeting for 2019 and we do expect some efficiency to come out and we'll be sharing those with you later in the year, for sure those will be quite visible as we have our discussion in January around our fourth quarter results.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah, I think it's early for us to give that kind of guidance on specific on margins. What we wanted to do is give you some visibility of things that we're working on in the fourth quarter. And you can do the math, with the revenue growth that we would hope to deliver in 2019 that should be helpful to margins. And cost actions that we're going to take and we don't have a sizing on that. Those should be positive for margins. And with the long-term growth model, we haven't made a determination yet of the timing of putting that back in place. We'll certainly give some guidance for 2019 as we get into – finish up the year. And we're still thinking through the right timing to put that framework back in place. I think we've tried to be consistent in our prior dialogs with you about the long-term guidance that we wanted to see some track record from USIS and that's building. So, I would say that, that's going in the right direction. But we wanted to see that continued growth from USIS, which we expect and that will be determined in that long-term framework. And the second one is, is that, we want to have some visibility for us and for you around our legal settlements and those are still uncertain. And as I mentioned, we're in active dialogs with a lot of the parties, but there's still lots to discuss and lots to work on there. So those are kind of the two big ones. And then the third would be around our Sierra spend, John mentioned that we've accelerated some spending in the second half of this year as Bryson's come on board and we're working through some of the rebuild and cloud initiatives, we don't have visibility yet on what this for 2019, I think we've been clear that it will be a significant number, but we wanted to give you some visibility that our expectation is it will be below the run rate that we're currently running at. But it'll still be a big number. It's going to be a multiyear effort and we try to be clear about that. I think those three points USIS, our legal settlements efforts and then our Sierra spend, getting those in a spot where we feel confident in discussing those with you would really be in front of putting our long-term framework back in place.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. We understand it was a comment yesterday by one of our competitors in their earnings call about share gains against an unnamed competitor that had a data security breach. So, we are guessing they were talking about us. We've – as I've been clear in our comments, we clearly – their revenue growth is stronger than ours, there is no question about that, both TU and Experian, so they're executing well in the marketplace and they are taking advantage of some of the pressures Equifax had post the data security breach. We've been consistent on prior calls that this is a competitive space that was competitive before the data security breach, it was in the last year as we've moved past the data security breach and when we're in the penalty box with customers, which we were in kind of the first half of the year and the fourth quarter last year, it's hard to do new business, it's hard to do some of the marketing solutions work. We haven't seen any loss of customers. So, we're clear about that. There's always movements between primary and secondary that happen on an ongoing basis. And as I tried to mention in my comments, we've got our own pipeline of work that we're doing and those include competitive wins that we've notched on our belt, pipeline of new deals that we're working on that we've got expectation of winning and a pipeline of deals that we're working to win. So, it's a space that has always been competitive and continues. I think the sequential improvement that you saw out of USIS in the third quarter versus second and we expect that to continue going forward. When I meet with customers, they really value our differentiated data and now that their security reviews are complete, they want to re-engage around our new products and our new insights.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. There's always work going on inside of that business as you might imagine. They're always testing new products and looking at new opportunities to offer protection products and other products to the marketplace. As you know, the biggest impact was they went dark for a year. That was intentional on our part. And when you're not doing any marketing at all – and we actually took the products off the site. Even if someone found our site, there was no products there to buy over the last 12 months. That has a significant impact on the business. And as we said, we lit up the site in October and we're doing some targeted online marketing in the fourth quarter and we expect that to accelerate. This isn't a large business for us on the direct-to-consumer business in the United States, but it's one that we want to be in and we will continue to invest either in products or in the advertising. But don't take these comments that we're like doubling down or tripling down. This is a business that we like, we want to be in. We expect it to grow in the second half of next year as we get the benefits of some of the marketing work and the online advertising work that the team is doing starting now in October and flowing into the fourth quarter and into 2019.
Mark W. Begor: Yes, it's a great question and it's one that we want to give you some more visibility about as we finalize that technology plan for 2019 and beyond. And I think you hit the nail on the head. It's clearly going to be a cost structure improvement. As we simplify our applications and our infrastructure, there should be some meaningful cost savings there. And of course the cloud should also deliver that. But we also believe there's going to be some meaningful revenue opportunities for us as we ingest data more quickly and then also bring products across – to customers and also across the globe more quickly. Today, we have to rebuild too many products when we take them from the States to Australia, Australia to Argentina et cetera. As we rebuild those products in the cloud they'll be more easily moved from one market to another. So, there's multiple layers of benefits from this that we think are going to be quite sizable. And our intent is to really differentiate ourselves from our competition with this investment in our technology infrastructure. And our goal is to share with you and the rest of the investment community, our kind of thoughts on those benefits which as you point out and we agree are multifaceted.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah, it's a tricky way, Bill, in trying anything. Congrats on your team there. But mine's not in it. But the tricky way to try to get some visibility of how long our spend is going to be. I don't think we can give – I would say, certainly its early innings. But I would say that we're making a lot of progress. We've really move forward. I would characterize in the second half of the year, in the third quarter, we expect that to continue in the fourth quarter particularly with our new CTO on board. We feel good about that progress going forward and we'll give you some clear visibility of which inning when that plan is complete and our expectation is that will be in January when we report our fourth quarter results.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. So again, so when we acquired Veda, we indicated we expected it would be a business that should grow mid to high-single digits in that range. We've seen relatively good performance over 2016 and 2017 and now through 2018. We've seen nice growth in 2018. The macro effects are certainly impacting us right now. The goal is that we should be able to continue to try to drive growth across that business as we move forward and our expectation is it should deliver consistent with our long-term expectations for the business. Now obviously there can be ups and downs in any given quarter or any given year, but the trends we see in the business we think continue to be positive, we expect to be able to continue to drive some growth in Australia. As we look forward, we're hopeful about the benefits that we'll see out of comprehensive data that's now expanding there. That's something we'll take hold slowly. But again, it's something that we're expecting to provide us with some benefits as we look forward. So overall, we continue to think the Australia acquisition is a good acquisition and we would expect this to continue to see positive growth trends.
Mark W. Begor: I wasn't trying to make a specific comment about rate – about overall growth rates for next year. Just that as we look at the business over the long-term, we think the expectations that we had for it initially continue to be reasonable. As we – when we get into providing guidance for 2019, we'll talk more specifically about Australia for next year. Obviously, there are market effects that are going on right now in terms of consumer credit, which are certainly going to negatively impact Australia in the fourth quarter and depending on the duration certainly going into next year.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Well, we talked about in our comments, right, that we thought Chile was a bit weaker in the third quarter, but we thought that was something that would recover as we got through the fourth quarter and into next year. So, Chile we do think is a short-term issue. Argentina, we'll have to see how the economy progresses. And Australia, as we indicated, we are seeing some credit tightening there. You've seen some commentary recently by government officials and the Australian banks. So, there has been a credit tightening there and that's impacting our consumer business. But overall, that business continues to grow nicely with relatively high single-digit type of growth rates and we would expect them to continue to innovate as they have. So as with all of our businesses, the ability to generate and sell new products is key to growth. And we think given the strong positions Argentina, Chile, generally in Latin America and Australia, we have that we should have the opportunity to do that as we move forward.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: And looking at 2019, I think the commentary in general was just around – was looking at history right? I think we felt good about the fact that the three big businesses grew 4% on a local currency basis and actually improved their growth from the first half rate in the third quarter. And really a significant impact on our overall growth in the third quarter was GCS and the large decline there, which we think there's a very fairly clear path as to why that's going to substantially mitigate it again the next year. So, just based on what happened this year and what's fairly clear about GCS and the trends we're seeing, it feels like the trend is positive in terms of the type of growth rates that should occur.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah. So I think, George, it's really what we covered in the script, right. So, I think we indicated market factors which clearly by far the biggest is mortgage. We're about a-third of it. And then the remainder of it was non-market factors. And then we gave you the specifics really by BU, as to how BUs will specifically impact us. So, I just probably just need to refer you back to those to our overall comments to give you the breakdown of where revenue came in below expectation.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: No. No, there was nothing there on pricing competitive that was any different than our expectations in the quarter or frankly that we've seen during the year that would be different.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: I think as we indicated, right, you're going to see more mortgage headwinds in the fourth quarter, as we think you're going to see the mortgage market be down more than 10%, which is greater than what we saw in the third quarter and you're going to continue to see the headwinds in Argentina, you'll continue to see the headwinds in Australia. So, I think the things generally impacting the business overall aren't substantially different. But we are expecting to continue to make, as Mark has said, good progress with USIS, continue to make good progress in EWS. And we do think there are some positives that should occur on International. Again, the debt management business, we would expect it to turn positive or at least flat in the fourth quarter as we wrap around the difficulties we had with the UK government contract which started in the fourth quarter of last year. Then also, we expect to see some better performance out of Latin America. So, net-net, we think that's what we're expecting to see as we look forward as we indicated.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah. So, when we indicated slightly better than 23.5%, it would have only been slightly better than 23.5%. So to dimensionalize it, you can go from a number slightly under 23.5% and compare that to 2019.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: They'll also benefit from the technology reinvestment. They get a new platform next year that we think will ease the way they launch products and the way customers can interact with us and make that substantially improve. So, they will get a benefit there in addition to the – to what Mark already referenced.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: So I don't think I spoke about third-party data costs. But in terms of the total security cost, right, we talked about this early in the year, right, that we had thought that we would see about $0.30 a share specifically related to security, technology related to security, our risk office, our transformation activity and that we expected that to impact us in the year. And a lot of that is in corporate but a substantial amount of it is also in the businesses. So that's impacting both corporate expenses as well as business – as expenses you're seeing in the businesses and therefore impacting their margin. We also indicated in the beginning of the year that there's about $0.10 specifically related to insurance and you're seeing that in corporate. So my comments I think in the script in several places are really referencing those total costs and they just happen to show up in both corporate as well as in the businesses as the businesses continue to grow out their security infrastructure and then also invest in technology.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yes. So, effectively the auto market what we saw was that we had expected to see a little bit of improvement in the auto market in the quarter. And we really didn't see that. So, I think the comment was relative to our expectations. And so we saw relative to our expectations lower revenue. Part of it certainly was the fact that we're heavily weighted to the southeast and there was certainly some impact from the storms that occurred. Part of it also is that we're weighted to subprime and you're seeing some more weakness in the subprime part of the auto space than you have overall. But we had expected to see a little bit of improvement and we really just didn't see that in the auto space.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: So, again, as we indicated in the script, right? The positive what we saw, nice growth. We saw growth both in commercial and consumer. There was a 300 basis point headwind specifically because of the mortgage market being down 10%. And despite that we saw improved performance in both of those. And yes, there was a breach impact in 3Q 2017, but it was really heavily in Financial Marketing Services. The impact in online was much less just because of the timing of the announcement, since the announcement was in September. So, I think really what we were heartened by the fact that we saw growth across both consumer and commercial and it was in an environment where we had a substantial headwind from mortgage in the period.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: So, specifically in terms of our guidance for the fourth quarter, I think we try to cover it in the script, right? The biggest market effect that we indicated affected us in the third quarter was really U.S. mortgage. And we indicated that was the largest, the most substantial by far and we are expecting further weakening there. And that's really the biggest driver in terms of a market weighted effect that impacted us in the third quarter and likely the biggest one that would impact us in the fourth quarter.
