Mark Begor: Thanks John. Wrapping up on slide 17, Equifax delivered a solid quarter with adjusted EBITDA margins and adjusted EPS above our guidance despite the challenging mortgage and hiring markets. USIS and international delivered strong quarters offsetting some weakness in the EWS Talent and Onboarding businesses, to allow us to deliver revenue at about the midpoint and EPS above guidance. The breadth and depth of our businesses and execution against our 2023 cloud and broader spending reduction program allowed us to deliver despite a challenging macro environment. Summarizing at the business unit level, Workforce Solutions continue to deliver against their long-term growth strategy. While their 4% revenue decline was pressured by mortgage and hiring macros, they were comping off a very strong 21% growth last year. We expect that growth to recover in the second half, and importantly EWS had another very strong quarter of twin record additions, adding formula payroll providers, which brings a total added since the beginning of last year to 17, and increased current records to $161 million, up $5 million from the third quarter and toward 12% versus last year, with total records growing to $631 million. Workforce delivered a very strong NPI vitality index of 25%, leveraging their cloud capabilities which will benefit them in the second half and in ‘24 and beyond. In the continued growth of Twin, strong NPI and government growth positions EWS for 15% growth in the second half. And EWS operating focus delivered 51.5% EBITDA margins, which is up over 100 basis points and stronger than we expected. Second, USIS continued their momentum for the first quarter was strong non-mortgage growth of 8% total and at the top end of their long-term framework and 4% organic, driven by online B2B non-mortgage growth of 9% total and 4% organic, as they focus on customer migrations to the Equifax Cloud. USIS delivered EBITDA margins of 36%, up over 300 basis points sequentially through revenue growth and strong cost management. International delivered strong 7% local currency growth with strong growth in what’s Latin America, Canada, India and our European credit businesses. And they delivered EBITDA margins of 24%, up 70 basis points and stronger than our expectations. As mentioned earlier, our second quarter Vitality Index of 14% is an Equifax record and was 400 bips above our 10% long-term growth framework, as we've delivered over 60 new products year-to-date, leveraging the new Equifax Cloud. The focus of our Equifax Cloud Data and Technology Transformation is in completing those North American migrations, which will allow us to further accelerate new product launches and complete legacy system decommissioning. Our Cloud native technology will differentiate Equifax and allows us to be an offense with leading systems stability and capabilities that position us to leverage AI tools to drive revenue growth and cost efficiencies. We're executing well against our 2023 cloud and broader spending reduction plan that will now deliver $210 million of savings this year, with run rate savings of $275 million in 2024. And this is up $10 million in ‘23 and $25 million in ‘24 from our April framework. We remain focused on delivering 36% adjusted EBITDA margins and over $2 per share in adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter, which sets us up well for 2024. And we're energized about receiving shareholder approval for the BVS acquisition in June, and we're on track to close this strategic and financially attractive acquisition in early August. And as mentioned earlier given the weaker than expected mortgage market, we're lowering our full year revenue guidance by $25 million to $5.3 billion at the midpoint, with full year 2023 adjusted EPS at the midpoint to be down $0.22 per share to $6.98 from the impact of the lower high – high – lower but high margin mortgage revenue. We're energized to be entering the next chapter of new Equifax as we pivot from building the new Equifax Cloud to leveraging our new cloud capabilities to drive our top and bottom line. This is an exciting time for Equifax – exciting time for Equifax, and we're convinced that our new Equifax cloud-based technology, differentiated data assets, and our new Single Data Fabric and our market leading businesses will deliver higher growth expanded margins and free cash flow in the future. And with that operator, let me open it up for questions.
Mark Begor: I'll start Manav and John can jump in. So we’ll leave the revenue leverage aside, so we have – you know we think its good visibility outside of the mortgage piece. As you know, we increased our cost program by another $10 million this year and $25 million next year. So we see additional efficiencies as we get further into the cloud completion. So combining that with the core program we announced in February, we just have a lot of visibility, because we know when contractors are leaving and when we're taking other cost actions. So that that gives us a lot of confidence in the cost side of that across all the businesses and at the corporate level.
Mark Begor: John, I'll let you jump on the hiring assumption, but you know we did mention Manav that for example in mortgage, we're seeing some mortgage originators move manual verifications back from Equifax in-house, so that had an impact us on the quarter. We expect that to continue, so that it is clearly a revenue impact and what we're seeing is that you've got mortgage originators doing less activity, so they've got people sitting in their offices and they are deciding to do some of those manual verifications in-house, so that clearly had an impact. I think there was no question that experience through, to a lesser degree, Transunion and they're kind of new focus on this or. In the marketplace we don't see that being a meaningful impact on our revenue, but they are definitely out there and they are doing more than they were a year ago. So that clearly also has an impact, particularly probably in mortgage.
Mark Begor: Then at some point on the other side it is high inflationary environment where the feds had to raise interest rates. There'll be a time – I'm not an economist, but at some point in the future, the feds going to reduce interest rates to boost economic activity. It's just the cycle that we typically have and there'll be another refi window whether that's in ’25, ’26, ‘27 but we'll be well positioned for that, and it’s been a very high incremental margins on mortgage revenue declines or mortgage revenue growth. We’ll see the other side of that at some point in the future at Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes, there's a bunch of factors driving government which is the good news for us. You know it's a very important, fast growing segment of Workforce Solutions. It's one where we have a very, very strong market position given the scale of our data set to 630 million you know historical records and our active records. You point out one of the levers you know on the re-determination, we saw some of that activity pick up in May and June and we expect that to continue in third quarter and fourth quarter and much of that to be a 2023 event which is positive. We're also seeing more ACA volume. We're getting more penetration at the state level. Remember this business, which is approaching $500 million is in a TAM that's close to $3 billion and each state and each agency at the state level are separate organizations and we have a commercial team that's headquartered at many of the state capitals that's working to bring our solutions to convert current manual activity around verifications for whether it's unemployment claims or childcare support, food support, all the other social services to convert them from manual to using our automated solution. So that's a big lever for growth is we add more states and more agencies, so that we have a pipeline. We have visibility around those relationships. Another lever is we're constantly renegotiating those individual contracts that we have. And again remember, 50 states. Think about maybe six or eight agencies in each state that we have relationships with a portion of them. The ones that we have, those contracts come up and we worked – increase price for the additional value that we're delivering. And then the other lever we have is at the federal level. We have federal programs with some of the big organizations. You mentioned one security administration, those are also growth programs for us at the government level.
Mark Begor: Yes, so we participate in all employees. We're making the point that we with our current customer base, again customers being background screeners. The customers that we have tend to over index to white collar jobs, which is why we're seeing more of an impact right now. But we have a lot of blue collar jobs coming through and employment verification work that we do. The new solution on hourly has only been in the marketplace for 30 days, so it's very new but we've seen very positive traction. We think it's not only going to drive penetration, with our existing customers, but it's also going to allow them to drive growth and their business. Meaning they can go out and pick up more volume or share in those kind of employees doing verification work. We also talked about some of the other solutions we have outside of just employment history. We've seen very positive growth in our education solution, where we have an instant solution around verifying education backgrounds which is used in a lot of white collar job. That's a newer solution for us that we've been in the marketplace for call it a year, but we're growing a lot of usage and share with that, so that's a positive for the Talent business. And then the last one is you know, we have our insights business that we acquired a couple years ago that has the incarceration data and that's another one where we're bringing new products to market and new solutions. So for talent, you've got the ability to drive penetration. That business is a north of $400 million at run rate in a $4 billion TAM, so there's a lot of penetration growth opportunity there. A lot of our new product focuses around Talent. You talked about the solution for the hourly work force that we rolled out about a month ago and then we rolled out one a couple weeks ago. It provides more flexibility about which employers our customers want to focus on foreign employee, you know that's another solution that should drive growth. So new products are a big focus of ours in the Talent vertical.
Mark Begor: It's pretty broad based. I think you look at them like we do. You see less of them, but in the first half of the year you saw companies left and right announcing either layoffs or hiring freezes. I think it was Ford a couple of weeks ago announced another white color reduction, if a company is reducing people and making those kind of announcements, they also typically have a hiring freeze in place. So there's less inbound, new hires coming in. So that clearly is not – it didn't just happen in late in the quarter, it's been happening for quite some time as we've kind of nine months into that hiring reduction that has had an impact on, is that we've been able to outgrow through pricing in 2023, through new products, through penetration, in adding new customers in the background screening space, but it's clearly had an impact, and we expected it to continue to be an impact in the second half and we've laid that into our framework.
Mark Begor: I think as you know we're going to have a $65 million of run rate benefit next year, because a lot of the actions from the broader cost and cloud program that we have in 2023 are in the second half, so that'll be a benefit. And we've talked previously that we still expect to get further cloud efficiencies in ‘24 and ‘25 as we complete the cloud. We're at 70% now. We still got that remaining 30% of Equifax to complete over the next couple of years, and as we complete that cloud we expect to see further efficiencies that will benefit our margins and in margin rate in ‘24 and ’25, including the carry over benefit of the cloud actions that we're taking you know in broader restructuring in 2023.
Mark Begor: And maybe one other point, I wouldn't think about the actions is being aligned with a revenue decline, that's not how we operate our business. The program we announced in February you expected. We talked about it last year that we would be reducing our costs as we complete the cloud. This is something we've been talking about for years. And as we said in February, in April, and again today, we're just seeing broader opportunities to improve our efficiencies as we get further into the cloud. The real backbone of these cost efficiencies and margin expansions are what we've talked about for the last three or four years and it's really driven by our ability to get closer to completion of our cloud investment.
Mark Begor: Yes, you've got to kind of break some pieces apart there. Mortgage obviously has had a huge impact on our business. It's been – we've never seen a mortgage decline like this to be 40% below – well over 40%. I think it's 45% below historic levels in the second half. It’s just never happened before, that's going to recover right. It's just a matter of when will it return to call it norm, that minus 45 and that'll be a very positive thing for Equifax, and whether it's ’24, ‘25 or ’26, the mortgage market is not going to stay at this level. People are going to buy houses, people keep moving and then add on it at some point. When rates start coming down again from these higher levels which should happen, there'll be a refi element, so that's kind of mortgage. We're very pleased, and I hope most of our investors are of our ability to continue to drive the 80% of Equifax it's not mortgage quite strongly in what you characterize as a uncertain economic environment, the diversity of our businesses. If you look at Equifax 10 years ago being primarily a credit bureau and now you – we're talking on this call predominantly around our talent vertical and government vertical that didn't exist 10 years ago. And talent you know still performing even with a macro impact and government super strong just because of the power of the unique solutions that we have. So I think that's the kind of the underlying strength of Equifax, is our non-mortgage businesses are super strong and lay on top of that, the new product initiative, it's not an initiative, it's really how we operate. We're a product led organization leveraging our differentiated data and our cloud capabilities. You know the 14% vitality in the quality, that's great momentum for the second half in ’24 and ’25, meaning that we're seeing we can leverage our differentiated data assets, our product led culture and capabilities and cloud and put new solutions in market. And those new solutions are higher price points that are going to expand our margins going forward. So that's a real positive. And then the underlying macros, I think the diversity of Equifax plays into that. So is there going to be a soft landing? My personal view is there is. I think we're kind of already feeling it and seeing it with inflation down to 3%. That's going to head towards where the fed wants it and unemployment is so low, people are still working. That's a pretty good economic environment for all businesses, but importantly ours going forward. And then you lay on top of it the completion of the cloud from a kind of timing standpoint over the next year and change. And the cost benefits that you’re seeing this year and margin benefits this year that carry into 2024, those are quite powerful in our ability to expand our free cash generation. And have – as we get into ’24. ‘25 and ’26, have significant excess free cash flow to return to shareholders at the right time.
Mark Begor: Correct. Yes, that's where we've seen it Jeff. In part of it was that customers came to us and were looking for lower pricing on the manual efforts that we do for them. I think you know we have an operation in Iowa where we do that. We opted not to chase price down because it's a low margin solution now for us, but an attractive one, and some of them moved that in-house and it was you know meaningful. Its 300 basis points of the mortgage out performance in the quarter. But no, it's isolated to that manual effort we were doing four customers. We've just seen less activity there and it's logical when you think about a mortgage originator that just has more people doing less mortgages, they can do some of that themselves. But we haven't seen the impact on the instant verification side, which is where as you know, where all our revenue and margin is.
Mark Begor: We didn't give totals, but we did talk about it as a level of decline right. So we said it impacted our out performance by about 300 basis points so.
Mark Begor: Yes, not that I would characterize as meaningful Jeff, but we don't see it in our marketplace, but we hear our so called competitors talking about their revenue growth and I don't know what the real numbers are that some of those smaller players have, but they are definitely getting revenue somewhere. We just don't feel it in our business but we continue to watch it.
Mark Begor: Yes, I know but first time I’d start with the 14%. When we set the 10% vitality goal, remember our long term run rate, pre-cloud and pre the 10% goal was 5% to 7%. And I think 5% to 7% is what most data analytics companies do and 5% to 7% is a big number. To have 5% to 7% of your revenue from new products introduced in the time frame, we picked three years. That's a pretty vibrant innovative company. We set a goal for 10% and since we set the goal we've been over achieving it and 14% in the quarter and 13% for the year. So I would start with that I'm energized about the broad based ability at Equifax across all of our business units to leverage our differentiated data, our cloud capabilities or bring new solutions to market. That's the company that you want to have as a partner if you're a customer. Someone who is innovating to bring new solutions, because remember, all of our products deliver ROI. We are not Coke versus Pepsi or doing Sprite versus Diet Coke. We're delivering a solution that's going to help our customer to originate more consumers, lower their losses, increase they're marketing hit rates you name it, we're delivering ROI. So what excites me, certainly all of the solutions in Workforce. That would be kind of number two for me beyond the 14%. Having Workforce Solutions, that I think it was 23% vitality in the quarter, and remember Workforce is the first business at Equifax to get into fully cloud native for over a year now. And they've really been able to unleash, kind of the pent-up capacity if you will to bring new solutions to market and they're doing it in every vertical. Mortgage 36, delivering a 36 month solution of historical data to our mortgage customers. To the earlier question from Jeff a few minutes ago, our so called startup competitors can't do that. They don't have the 630 million historical records. So uniquely we can deliver a 36 solution that's integral now to many mortgage originations going back three years. So that historical data is something that super energizes me. I'll jump to USIS. Our new mortgage credit file that includes the NC+ plus, 14 NC+ attributes. Really energizing to have multi data assets delivered. The mortgage credit file is, looked the same for 40 years. We're now making ours differentiated and because of the scale of the cell phone utility database that we have, our competitors can't do that. So only Equifax can have a differentiated mortgage credit file, super exciting. The solutions for talent that we already talked about, also super exciting. So we're really focused on our new product initiative. We think it's going to drive top line in margin expansion going forward, and you're seeing us outperform the 10%, which we think is a good thing for the future.
Mark Begor: Certainly mortgage, which we already talked about that. Mortgage 40% below, 45% below kind of historic normal market levels. That recovery which is going to happen at some point, whether it's ’24, ‘25 or ‘26 and how it meters in, that's going to be good news for Equifax. So it’s going to be very high incremental margin in EWS and USIS is that recovery takes place. You know at some point there'll be more stabilization in the hiring market. Once employers get more comfortable around the economy, I would expect there'd be less hiring freezes and you know some level of employment improvement going forward. So that you know is going to be a positive you know for Equifax. When the subprime market stabilizes, that's had an impact us on us over the last three quarters in USIS. That'll be you know positive for us going forward.
Mark Begor: Correct. 100%. It's just really our visibility around pipelines, government we talked a bunch about, that we can see just a visibility in that business and in the others, but we still have the same view of a no change in the macro.
Mark Begor: Yes, so what I've talked most about today and what our principle focus in is around using AI to really manage large data and multi data sets to deliver better performing scores, better performing models. You may remember we rolled out a solution called One Score in April that combines some of our differentiated data assets across USIS. We used AI modeling in that and that provides significant performance enhancement, and when you deliver a performance enhancement it's more valuable when you charge a higher price. So that's going to be our principle focus around AI and no, there's not a high cost in completing AI. There's actually a bunch of efficiencies from a DNA perspective of using AI because it's just faster. You can complete more work and we'll be more productive if you will in delivering these higher performing solutions. I thought where you were going was in our operation side, where we expect to use some of the AI capabilities to improve our call centers, our operating centers. That will clearly be a leverage point for us in 24 and beyond. But our – I believe our big leverage is going to be around having more sophisticated higher performing, products scores, models and solutions.
Mark Begor: Yes, and that one we are going to be obviously focused on maintaining our strong customer relationships. I don't know what Truework’s revenue is. Maybe it's $15 million or something or $20 million. It's a fairly small player. It doesn't have really any scale differentiated data assets. We've got at the end of the quarter 161 million records. I don't even know what their record count is, but we certainly watch them. We just don’t feel that they are having a meaningful impact on our business, but we certainly are keeping an eye on them.
Mark Begor: And then outside of EWS, I think as we talked earlier, both USIS and international were above our expectations in the quarter and we expect them to perform well in the second half also.
Mark Begor: We have a solution that does much of that Toni. We just see it, that there's a ton of friction for the customer, whether it's a mortgage originator, an auto lender, and a lot of friction for the consumer. And remember, if you think about our data set, the 161 million records that we have today or 120 million SSNs, you know that's against 160 million non-form payroll. So in non-form there's 40 million people not in our data set that are out getting mortgages and doing other products. And then when you add pension and the self-employed individuals, there's another call it close to $100 million in total. So the solution that was announced, it’s actually been in the market – I think Experian had that in the marketplace for quite some time. I'm not sure what kind of traction they're getting with it, but we just find that if there's an instant record available, it's always going to trump any of these friction filled processing, where the consumer has to put their user id and password in. In this example, the consumer would have to give there, in my case Equifax HR user id and password in order to get to my payroll records, in my sit, in my case, and most consumers that are employed in W-2 non-form payroll would have to provide those credentials if you will in order to get to that. That's against our company policy and every company policy. So there's just a ton of friction and then it's just the consumers required to do it. Where I believe there is value in some of these alternative solutions and as we talked earlier on the call, we have a manual verification team where we do manual for our customers. There’s another version of what you're talking about, is in the records that we don't have. So think about the, call it $40 million non-form payroll, the $30 million to $40 million self-employed, the $20 million to $30 million pensioners. Those records, if they are not doing a solution with Equifax like our manual or our conventional solution or something like we described, it's being done manually by the company, whether it's a mortgage originator, auto lender, you pick your solution. So it's replacing that manual to really drive speed. That's where there's value in it, but just - it's very very hard to get a lot of penetration with these solutions because of the significant friction for the consumer. And my view and what we see in the market place is it won't replace instant records.
Mark Begor: I think you're nailing at Toni about the two elements. And so on the first one you talk about really new product rollouts. The ability to roll out new products, and remember when you think about the 14 for Equifax, remember there's a bifurcation of where the different businesses are. USIS is well below the 14, because they haven't completed the cloud yet. EWS is well above 14, because they completed the cloud and are really driving those new products, and international is slightly south of the 10 or the 14. So as the businesses complete the cloud, particularly USIS and international, we would expect them to move towards the 10%, which is going to be a good thing, it's going to drive new solution there. So that's clearly one of the benefit to the cloud is the ability to leverage those scale differentiated data assets to bring more new solutions to market, and allow us to deliver long term that 10% vitality goal. Your second point is an excellent one also, and in my view it's going to be more impactful in USIS and international. Although EWS is getting real benefits of being in a cloud environment and how they're able to operate their business. The always on stability is clearly a benefit for them. The bigger benefit for Workforce is the ability to scale their data assets. There's no way they could have doubled in the last five years their twin data records without the cloud, period. It just is no way and we've gone – I think in 2018 we had something like 300,000 employers contributing to the data set, last quarter was 2.8 million. It wouldn't have happened without the cloud. So that that's another benefit of the ability to manage data that's more Workforce oriented. On the benefits of always on and faster data transmission, we believe that that's going to result in market share games. And particularly in USIS and international, where their credit file business is typically a customer will have a primary and secondary as you know. And we would expect by being always on, we're going to be a more valuable partner and allow us to move where we're tertiary or secondary into those secondary and primary positions. And I mentioned in my comments that we have deal pipelines in USIS where customers are talking to us about moving our market position, because of our investment in the cloud. Now, when will that show up in USIS revenue? Likely in ‘24 and ‘25 and ‘26 as they get you know post cloud completion and the same thing should happen in international markets where you've got that same dynamic of a customer using us and one of the other guys. We're going to be a more valuable partner being always on.
Mark Begor: Yes, truly carry over the pricing comment was really for both businesses. EWS did their normal one-one price increase that's just carrying through. But so no incremental price increase, we have no intention to do that. We basically focus on doing annual price increase in all our businesses. As you may remember back in January or February in the earnings call, we talked about a larger price increase in USIS related to one of our partners who has a credit score and everyone knows who I'm talking about, its FICO, who put through a price increase in both Equifax and Experian deliver that price increase to the marketplace when they increase the price of their credit score. So that holds through in mortgage is what we're talking about, a fairly sizable pricing crease that we mark up to maintain our margins and there's no change in that, that's just rolling through the year.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think we talked about the big market macro of less hiring taking place in ‘20. It really started two, three quarters ago. It started in the second half of 2022 when you saw companies announcing hiring freezes and layoffs and that's carried through the second quarter. That's kind of the macro that's taking place. The real opportunity for us is that we have fairly low market share of using our instant data, whether it's employment or education, our new education solution, newer education solution, for background screen. So that's where we're rolling out new products and you’re working to add new customers and get them to convert from doing manual employment verification to using our instant solution.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think as you know, there's a lot of political elements to that. That has somewhat been episodic as far as announcements and then legal challenges on it. If it happens, it would be in the second half. As you point out, it will put pressure on some of the balance sheets or operating statements, operating available income for some of those recipients. It does skew to subprime consumers. So to put more pressure on those that have outstanding student debt that's been on pause for a couple of years if that actually does get resumed. I personally think it'll be absorbable inside of the kind of economic environment that we have. What's positive for those impacted consumers is that there are individuals, most of them working. So they still have – in this employment environment they've got you know jobs and they'll have to adjust likely they're spending behavior. It may crimp their ability or desire to get new credit, but it should be a fairly small portion of the full population.
Mark Begor: Maybe quite simply is we're not. We are not seeing any impact of kind of in sourcing if you will income or employment verifications in non-mortgage. And the mortgage piece is really quite specifically around the manual operation that we have in Iowa. We saw some pressures around us reducing – requests from customers for us to reduce our pricing which would impact our margins, which are thinner if you will there than they are instant verifications, because they have capacity to do the manual verifications in house and we decided to let those move in house, but not on the instant side and not in the non-mortgage.
Mark Begor: As George, we've been talking about it for, I don't know four, five quarters. As rates were coming up, we're just seeing consumers spent more time shopping around for mortgages, and as you know, every time they click on mortgage originator website, that mortgage originator will generally before they spend much time responding they have to understand who that consumer is so they pull a credit file to see whether they are going to qualify. So that is clearly a change in behavior than call it the low interest rate environment we had in 1920 and ‘21 and the early parts of ’22, where consumers were really just taking the first mortgage they clicked on, because it was lower than their existing mortgage and a refi or met their expectations. They are just more shopping in this higher interest rate environment, which does benefit USIS. And as you know George, the EWS is generally – there's multiple pulls by EWS. There is more polls on the credit file side. But EWS is generally in the closed mortgages where they see their activity when they get further into the pipeline versus that early shopping behavior. And this is just really a prequel that the mortgage originator is doing to see whether – you know how much effort they're going to put into it and really how can they respond to that consumer about what they might qualify for.
John Gamble: And again, as Mark said, good focus on cost, we have good visibility on cost and we do – obviously we do need to see the revenue growth we're talking about. But I think we feel very good about the sequential movements we're talking about in our non-mortgage business. We delivered well in non-mortgage other than the Talent impacts we talked about in the second quarter. And then obviously we've made an assumption on the mortgage market. We think we've made a reasonable assumption, but having the mortgage market deliberate the levels we're talking about, obviously it’s also needed for us to deliver our 36% margins in the fourth quarter.
John Gamble: Well, just I think the important thing for us also is we're continuing to drive very good performance above market, right. So again, very strong performance in the first quarter at 20 points. In the second quarter effectively 20 points if you adjust for the fact that we made a decision to not participate to the same level, in what's really a not particularly profitable manual business and we talked about how that reduced our out performance by about 300 basis points. So again, on the very high margin Digital Verification Business, again about 20 points out performance. So we feel good about our continued outperformance. We also feel good about the fact that to the extent we see a faster growing mortgage market than what we forecast that will participate very clearly and we'll see the upside from that. But, we clearly saw the reduction in transaction volume when rates moved up to above seven. It's hard to predict what's going to happen when they move back below, but to the extent that we see nice growth, from that to the extent it occurs, we think will participate well.
John Gamble: And just as a reminder right, the actions we've already taken and the site control we have on cost broadly are allowing us to drive our margins higher in the third quarter and the fourth quarter substantially. So we think we've taken pretty significant actions already, which are allowing us to see nice improvement in margins.
John Gamble: You've also heard some of our competitors talk about growing their manual business, and again we think that's part of the ship. This is just business that this low margin that we're moving away from.
John Gamble: Shlomo, the other thing that’s happening right, as we continue to rapidly grow our database, so the need to do manual verifications when you use Equifax continues to decline substantially, right. So given where we are at 120 million uniques against U.S. non-firm payroll of say 160 million, we're getting to the point now where the need for a manual verification when you use Equifax is very small.
John Gamble: Sure. So really the driver was lower mortgage revenue, right. We said Workforce Solutions workers revenues down over $40 million right, so applying a very high margin to that you do get a very substantial amount of operating income. We said non-mortgage is slightly better, so for the entire company I know pieces have moved around, but in total non-mortgage is slightly better. So that wasn't a big driver a positive operating income in the changing guidance. And really the difference between the reduction of over $40 million in mortgage revenue and the down $25 million we talked about is just heavily FX which has very little flow through in terms of positive operating income, So it's really driven by the fact that we lost very high margin mortgage revenue, I mean EWS, and that really drove the reduction right. Yes, there was some cost savings, but again they weren't a big number of $10 million of incremental that we talked about. You can think that was kind of split between capital and cost. So not a big driver of recovery, so the big movement is just related to the fact that we saw the reduction in mortgage revenue.
John Gamble: So Heather, if you look at it sequentially right, what we're talking about here in terms of EWS is really nice sequential improvement. We talked about this in government right, and we think government revenue is a big driver of our improvement. When you compared to last year, obviously last year what you saw was some weakening in the back half of the year as you saw weakening talent markets, etc. So the compare is easier, but if you just look at sequentially the performance we're talking about, we expect government to improve substantially as you move through the rest of the year. Mark covered very completely what the drivers of that are. And then sequentially we're also talking about seeing talent get a little better from where we are today. A lot of it driven by product, again, as Mark covered in his prepared margin and earlier answers. And then also on consumer finance we kind of think we've hit a bottom and we're going to – we'll see slight improvements in consumer finance sequentially, which again given what the second half of last year looked like, gives us growth rates that are substantially different than we saw on the first half. So the big driver in sequential improvement certainly is government. We're seeing some sequential improvements in the other segments in EWS, but that's how we think about the improvement and we think the trend we've already seen in government supports the level of improvement we're talking about.
John Gamble: So again, adjusting for the impact of manual, we're at about 20 we're at about 20 last quarter. So yes, we'll have another impact. We’ll have more impact as we go through the rest of this year in terms of the lower levels of manual revenue, which again very low margin right so.
John Gamble: And fairly low revenue. So we'll see an impact from that if we go through the rest of this year, but we continue to expect to see nice out performance in the mortgage market.
John Gamble: And if your comparing first quarter to second quarter. The full effect of the price increase Market talking about didn't impact the first quarter, but it did the second quarter.
John Gamble: No, we are expecting to see nice improvement in international margins. I think the number you're quoting might be a little lofty. But we are expecting to see nice improvement in international margins and it's driven by the fact that they are driving revenue improvements. They generally get stronger revenue in the fourth quarter. We are expecting that to continue and they are doing a really nice job as Mark said on cost on cost management. So those are the drivers.
