Mark Begor: Thanks, John. Wrapping up on Slide 20. Equifax delivered another strong and broad-based quarter with above-market growth in 2022, more than offsetting the significant 55% decline in the US mortgage market originations. We delivered our eighth consecutive quarter of strong above-market double-digit core revenue growth and strong double-digit 12% non-mortgage growth, reflecting the power of the EFX business model and our execution against our EFX 2025 strategic priorities. At the business unit level, first, Workforce Solutions had another outstanding year, powering our results, delivering 14% revenue growth and strong organic non-mortgage growth of 24%. TWN current records reached $152 million, up 12%, and total records surpassed 600 million. Workforce also delivered a Vitality Index of over 20% from innovative new products and solutions, leveraging their cloud capabilities while further penetrating the high-growth Talent and Government verticals. USIS had a very strong finish to 2022 with fourth quarter non-mortgage growth of 10% total and 7% organic, driven by online non-mortgage growth of 19% total and 13% organic. The USIS team remains competitive and is winning in the marketplace. International delivered 12% local currency growth, their second consecutive year of double-digit growth. And our 2022 Vitality Index of 13% was a record as we delivered over 100 new products for the third consecutive year in a row. And since 2021, we completed 13 strategic bolt-on acquisitions to strengthen Equifax and identity and fraud that we expect to deliver over $450 million of principally run rate revenue going forward. And sixth, we made significant progress in 2022, executing against our EFX cloud, data and technology transformation with about 70% of North American revenue being delivered from the new Equifax Cloud. And we're laser-focused on completing our North American migration in 2023 to become the only cloud-native data analytics company. We're in the early days of leveraging our new cloud capabilities but remain confident that it will differentiate us commercially, expand our NPI capabilities and accelerate our top line. Our strong progress on the cloud allowed us to accelerate cost savings and launch a proactive restructuring across Equifax that will deliver $200 million of cost savings in 2023 that will expand our margins to 36% as we exit 2023 and position us for an uncertain economic environment. As we look to 2023, we're committed to completing our North American data and technology transformation, while delivering continued above-market revenue growth and a substantial and consistent EBITDA margin growth and a reduction in capital intensity that is a key benefit of our data and technology cloud transformation. As mentioned earlier, the cost actions were taken in 2023 reducing our spending by $200 million this year and over $250 million in 2024 will expand our margins and position us for a more uncertain economic environment. I'm energized about our strong above-market performance in 2022, but even more energized about the future of the new Equifax in 2023 and beyond. We're convinced that our new EFX cloud-based technology, differentiated data assets that are now in our single-data fabric and our market-leading businesses will deliver higher growth, expanded margins and free cash flow in the future. And with that, operator, let me open it up to questions.
Mark Begor: Yes. So I think there's a couple of levels there, Manav. As you know, we've been living through a mortgage market recession here in the United States for the last nine months and that's going to continue. And it's really unprecedented. So I think you and our investors understand that pretty clearly. It's really a massive impact on our business. And what's positive is our non-mortgage businesses are performing exceptionally well. We talked about where we've seen the impact of hiring declines in late in the year. We expect that to continue being down about 10% in 2023, and that impacts our Talent business and also our onboarding and online businesses. So that's certainly in our outlook. And then we did factor in what we would characterize as an uncertain or slowing economic environment really more in the second half of 2023. It's hard to forecast where the economy is going to do, but it certainly feels like at these higher interest rates and higher inflation, and you've got the impact of mortgage and now in the hiring space that we're going to see slowdowns as we go through 2023.
Mark Begor: Yes. So on your first half of your question, John can take the second. You're correct, Manav. In a lot of verticals, we haven't seen that economic impact yet. We're expecting to see that as we go through 2023. So that's a part of our guide and a part of our outlook in verticals like cards, like P loans, like auto, we've seen some limited economic impacts there. But as you point out, cards, for example, are still operating quite well. But given where interest rates have been and where they're going and where the Fed is signaling they're going to take them and the challenge of taming inflation, we think it was prudent to include in our outlook for 2023 a softening of the economy as we go through the year.
Mark Begor: No. Our analysis of it is it's all Q and when we talk to our customers, meaning there's just less background screens happening. I think we were watching this as we went through the fourth quarter. I think all of us saw companies as we went through the tail end of the year and they've accelerated in the first quarter here, announcing layoffs, announcing hiring freezes. That all is going to impact the hiring market. It's a bit bifurcated. I think we all know that the hiring at the, call it, the hourly wage area is still very strong. So that really wasn't impacted. This is more white collar impact, where companies are just tightening their belts and being more cautious around hiring. So we haven't seen any impact from our new product rollouts, the penetration that we have. And just as a reminder, this is a $2 billion TAM for us, is Talent. And we have a lot of penetration opportunities, meaning we're continuing to work in to bring new solutions and convert our customers from their manual work to digital, and that's what really allows us to outgrow a declining market, which we expect to continue to do in 2023. And then as we also mentioned, that same hiring impact where companies are tightening their belts around adding new resources impacted our onboarding or our I-9 business in the latter part of the year, we expect it to impact in 2022. As we said in the comments earlier, we expect both of those businesses to grow double-digit even with those market declines because of the new product capabilities, the new penetration opportunities that we have and, of course, our normal pricing that we rolled out on a 1/1, on January 1.
Mark Begor: Yes, no, they're very attractive records. We want them all. First, let me just make the point. We've got a long runway in traditional non-farm payroll. And I think as you saw a 12% growth last year in TWN records, was very, very strong. We signed, I think, 10 new partners that will come online in 2023. I think we said before that in our existing partners, think about payroll partners, there's meaningful records that we still haven't brought onboard with them. And there's a lot of incentives to do that. So that's kind of the base records. And over the last couple of years, we've scaled up resources that are going after pension records. I think it was in the third quarter last year, we signed our first pension partner to bring pension records into our data set. And we've got a pipeline of those. And process-wise, that's quite similar. If you think about pension records, they're probably in three different places, it's more than that, but three principal places. One is there are companies that are much like payroll processors that process defined benefit pensions for legacy companies that have those. So, going to those companies and developing those partnerships is strategy number one. Number two is large legacy companies process their own pension payroll, lots of them. So we're already collecting their employee payroll, so going in and collecting their pension payroll as a part of that strategy. So we know how to do that in just a matter of executing it. And then the third is in federal, state and local governments. Many of them have their own pension processing operations, so going to collect those records. So that's where we're going on the pension side. And then on the gig side, there's a lot of different strategies, individual companies, as you might imagine, going to get that and other entities that will have those gig records. And as we've talked before, it's the 114 million uniques that we have. There's about 220 million working Americans between non-farm payroll, gig and pension. So over the long-term, we've got the ability to double the scale of our records going forward. So that's a big lever for growth from workforce. I think as you know, the day we add a new record, we're able to monetize it instantly, because we're already getting inquiries for the record we don't have, right? With our 50-plus percent hit rates, as we add that 51st, 52nd set of data records, we're able to monetize instantly. So it's a very powerful part of the revenue engine and margin engine for Workforce Solutions, which is why we have such a dedicated team focusing on it. And if you think about the scale of our records, if you go back four years ago versus the 114 million uniques, we had something like 70 million and 300,000 companies. We ended last year with 2.6 million companies contributing their data to us. So the cloud has allowed us to really scale that, and there's a long runway for future growth.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question, and we believe that it's more leverage or more opportunity to really drive our digital solutions. And if you think about a mortgage originator, that clearly is under significant financial pressure now because of the reduced -- the reductions in volumes. They're looking to improve their productivity, and the only way to improve your productivity is through instant decisioning. And the goal that they always have and the leading players in the space are working to really shorten the time frame between application and closing. As you know, it's a very long time frame and that time frame has cost involved in it. It also has risk involved in it around the consumer changing. It has risk involved in it, and the consumer deciding, I'm not going to buy the home, meaning you've spent a bunch of COGS on it. And you've heard us talk before, the average mortgage originators spending $5,000 of expense in a mortgage application if they can shorten the time and take labor out of it by using instant data. That's a positive. So we expect our conversations around using our Instant data, particularly around TWN, to accelerate in this environment, meaning we're going to become more embedded and more instant, which has been a trend, as you know, over the last couple three years, even in the stronger mortgage environment. Some of that over the -- in 2020 and 2021 was challenged by the -- just the pace of the volume they had. They didn't have time to really focus on changing their processes. Now they do. So it's clearly a focus of ours, and we think a positive going forward that Instant is going to drive speed and drive productivity. And that doesn't only apply to mortgage, that applies to really all our verticals. Think about government, think about talent. If we're able -- they're under cost pressure today. And those verticals, whether you're a background screener or a government agency, improving your productivity and improving the speed of the service you deliver is very, very valuable to them. And the way to do that is to use instant data from Equifax like our twin data, our income and employment data.
Mark Begor: Yes. We're obviously quite thoughtful about that, as you might imagine, we want to make sure we're quite strategic about where we're doing it. Remember, the bulk of the actions are really related to the cloud transformation and accelerating those. So you've got a lot happening in technology. And the bulk of the actions are also in contractors. We hired a bunch of contractors to do the cloud work, and we're taking actions now when we complete that and decommission the legacy infrastructure to take those out. The rest of the actions, I would characterize as kind of normal focus and thoughtful focus around where do we have opportunities to be more efficient and more productive while protecting our focus on growth. And growth includes our new products.
Mark Begor: I think it's a great point, just to add on that. I think we mentioned on the call today that EWS new product rollouts, kind of 2x our long-term goal, north of 20% last year. And as you know, they were in the cloud a year ago, 18 months ago, and it's really shown what we envisioned happening, that the ability to bring more new solutions to market more quickly and more productively, as John pointed out, and efficiently would happen when you're cloud native. And that's part of what we expect to happen as we go through 2023, and we expect to continue in 2024, meaning we're going to have additional cloud benefits, as John pointed out in 2024, and then we get the full year run rate impact of our actions in 2023.
Mark Begor: We're not. I'd clarify with them if you want to try to understand better the top of waterfall comment. We don't know where that is or how that happens. We haven't seen them as a competitive threat in the marketplace. I think as you know, our record additions are quite substantial. We're -- we added in the quarter more records -- more unique records than they have. So we've clearly got an ability to attract new partnerships and individual relationships given the scale of the company. And then on the commercial side, our integrations are so deep and so substantial, we haven't seen an impact from a revenue standpoint. As you can see, the numbers are super strong in Workforce Solutions across all of our verticals, including mortgage. Their outperformance is exceptionally strong and hasn't slowed down.
Mark Begor: Yes. Toni, really not a lot of change from the consumer from October, meaning they're still strong. They're working -- like unemployment being so low, unemployment being so high and all the open jobs, that's a good thing for the consumer. They've clearly -- we've seen they spent down some of their COVID pandemic savings, but there's still positive savings from where they were in 2019. So that element is quite positive. Obviously, at the low end, inflation is still pressuring the subprime consumer, and we've seen some uptick in delinquencies there. But broadly, we would characterize the consumer as being quite strong. Now when we look out for 2023 here in February, that's where we talked about and we factored into our outlook a more uncertain economy, which should impact the consumer, call it, in the second half perhaps in the way we're thinking about it with these continued rising interest rates. And every day, you see another company announcing layoffs or hiring freezes. And that's going to have to have an impact at some point, and that's part of our outlook. On the B2B side, I think we talked at length about what we're seeing in the hiring space that we've already -- I just talked about. But that's impacting our businesses in background screening and talent and then an I-9 and onboarding. We still expect to grow over 10% in those two businesses because of pricing and product and penetration. But the actual volume, we expect to be down on a year-over-year basis. So that's going to have an impact.
Mark Begor: I think in the quarter, you talked about -- in the first quarter, if you exclude that in the equity impact, margins are basically flat.
Mark Begor: Yes, I'm not sure I understand the question. Could you just clarify that? About -- tech is an important function for Equifax for sure. As you know, we're a data analytics technology company. It's actually our largest number of employees and, by far, the largest number of contractors. Most of the cost savings have always been planned, and that's what we're executing in 2023 come from completing the cloud and then exiting the plan -- the contractors that we're working on that are principally contractors and exiting those out. Go ahead.
Mark Begor: Yes. We're always looking to improve our talent and upgrade it. I think we've got a very strong technology team today, but for sure. Maybe I'll answer the question a little bit differently. If you asked the question a year ago about what's it like to hire tech talent a year ago, 18 months ago, 24 months ago, it was very hard. Today, when we're hiring tech talent, which we do all the time with -- in the environment as you described, where a lot of tech companies are pulling back, that is a positive for Equifax. We're able to get great talent and it's just shorter time frames between opening a job and finding great people to come onboard in this current environment. So for sure.
Mark Begor: I think you've seen before at Equifax, if you follow it closely, that in a rising unemployment environment like in 2020, we get substantial upside from our unemployment claims business. Today, we don't have that really baked in, in 2023 because we just haven't seen that yet. But if it comes forward, that will certainly be a positive.
Mark Begor: Yes. We haven't disclosed those in the past, George. As you know, we've -- in the past, we've been very transparent around mortgage just because of the volatility, if you will, in that space and the impact it's had in Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think we talked about that, and John can jump in. But we expect those businesses to still perform very well. Remember, the underlying levers that verification has, it starts with records. So our 12% increase in records last year benefits 2023. And then we've got 10 new processors that we're going to be adding records in 20 -- during this year in 2023. So records were positive in all the different verticals that we sell into, whether it's government, talent, auto, cards, P loans, the non-mortgage verticals in verification. We've got price increases in the marketplace. We're rolling out new products in every one of those verticals that really benefit growth going forward. So that's a positive. And then just underlying penetration. Remember in every one of those non-mortgage verticals for verification, we have fairly low penetration in cards, in auto, there's a lot of penetration opportunity. P loans is pretty high. Like mortgage, we do a lot -- we have -- we cover a lot of the ground in P loans. But then you go into talent and government, there's just a lot of market penetration opportunities. So then the flip side of that is the underlying market for those. What's happening to the economic impacts in there? And the one place that we've highlighted is talent and around verification where there is some reduction in hiring, but we said that we expect that business to still be up over 10% for 2023. Government is also a vertical that if there is an economic event, there's going to be more people going for social services, which will be a positive for that vertical. We expect that to grow positively through 2023.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think that's the right way to think about it. In 2022, we set out a plan for the year at this time last year, where we didn't anticipate a mortgage market change or interest rates going up or inflation where it was. And we missed that plan. And the way our compensation structures are aligned, as you might imagine, are tied to the performance against our plan for the year, and we underperformed that. So our compensation was substantially down in 2022. In 2023, we're assuming we get back to target levels, which would be more like 21%.
Mark Begor: Yes. And we didn't break that out for you, but the $120 million is a combination of accelerating some of the cloud cost savings that we had planned. So the -- I think we said in the call earlier, no change in what we expected to deliver from the cloud savings. We're accelerating some of that into 2023. We also said we expect additional cloud cost savings in 2024 and likely some in 2025. And then on top of that, in 2023, inside the $120 million is at a broader restructuring and efficiencies across the company to deliver additional cost savings that are incremental our long-term cloud savings that we've talked about for the last couple of years.
Mark Begor: Yes. We haven't broken that out as a part of our conversation this morning. We really just highlighted that, obviously, it's a sizable number. It's going to have a very positive impact on the company, and its -- there's an incremental piece to the accelerated cloud savings.
Mark Begor: They're not. We still have a very effective ability to add new relationships. I think we talked about adding 10 that will come online this year during 2023. And we have the scale of workforce solutions, the scale of their technology, the scale of our security and capabilities and the longevity we've had in the business. So we've been in this business for over a decade, and then the ability to deliver a rev share immediately at scale for those records from a partner gives us a lot of power to continue to grow our record base. And there's a long runway in front of us of records that we'll be adding to the TWN data set.
A – John Gamble: As you look around outside the US, right, we saw a weakening in the UK. That's already occurred, started to happen in the fourth quarter, and we saw relatively weaker performance in some of the other markets around the world as well. So to free cash flow -- so as we look through 2023, Manav, we're expecting to see expanding margins, as Mark talked about, and we're expecting to see, obviously, therefore, expanding EPS as well, and we're also expecting to bring down capital spending. So we expect to see very nice growth in free cash flow as we move through 2023 sequentially, as we go through the quarters. In terms of working capital, as we've discussed in prior calls, as we were going through a significant billing system migration, we did see some increase in our accounts receivable. The bulk of that is now completed. We've completed all of North America, and there's just -- there's a little bit more to go as we go through 2023 in some of our international operations. Our internal metrics are showing a nice improvement in terms of our operational performance in those systems in terms of what we're seeing in terms of collections activity. And so although we haven't really seen it yet in the numbers you would have seen in the fourth quarter, we're expecting to start to see some benefit as we move through 2023 in terms of AR, which would affect overall working capital. So net-net, I think free cash flow, we're expecting to see, obviously, expanding margins, improving profitability, lower CapEx and then improvements as we move through the year in working capital in general.
A – John Gamble: No. Just in terms of price and product, you can see the benefit of price and product in the fourth quarter, obviously, in USIS. Very strong performance in online. We saw volume in banking. But we had very strong performance in auto and in banking and lending and cards. So -- and some of that was product and some of that was price. And you're certainly seeing it in the first quarter in EWS, right? As Mark mentioned, pricing increases going in January, and we're seeing the benefit of both product and price and in EWS with their margins expanding in the first quarter. So no difference, and you're seeing it in the performance of the business.
A – John Gamble: Yeah. Let me talk about what's driving the margins to be at those levels, right? And it is heavily driven by what Mark talked about in terms of the record growth and therefore the outperformance relative to mortgage and the very, very strong non-mortgage growth. And then the cost actions that they're taking in order to not only maintain but enhance their margins as they go through the year, right? So EWS has been executing extremely well. Obviously, if the mortgage market was to be substantially weaker, that's very high revenue and high margin -- very high-margin revenue, that would be a risk. To the extent that there is risk to revenue in general, obviously, that can be risk to margins. But overall, we think we've taken a very reasonable view in terms of what 2023 looks like for EWS. Their execution has been very strong. The record growth has been very good. They've already executed their pricing actions. Their performance in new product has been outstanding, as Mark said, growing at twice the rate of our 10% goal for Vitality Index. So we feel like we've given a very balanced view of EWS as we look into 2022.
A – John Gamble: Yeah. So I think as we talked about in the presentation, we're expecting in the fourth quarter to get to 36% EBITDA margins, driven by some recovery in revenue but also really significantly by the acceleration of the cost actions. And the cost actions have a continuing benefit in 2024. So we're expecting additional benefit from the cost actions as we go into 2024. And we're also expecting to get additional cost benefits as we continue to complete the cloud transformation beyond North America, and we'll start to start to see some of those benefits occur in 2024. So we think we still have tailwinds on the cost side that will benefit our margins as we get into 2024. And then obviously, as we get closer to 2024, we can start talking about revenue. But there certainly are cost tailwinds that continue out of 2023 and into 2024.
A – John Gamble: And just please remember, our historical record base is incredibly valuable to our customers, certainly in Talent, certainly in Government, increasingly in mortgage, we talked about mortgage 36 on in the conference call. And that's a place where we have tremendous strength in general and Verification Services and an even stronger position in historical records.
A – John Gamble: Just a reminder, EWS, which is the bulk of the mortgage business, right, their transactions tend to look a lot more like originations, right? USIS does have that shopping behavior, which is better. But EWS now it's really much closer to originations. It's a much better proxy. And so also, as we talked about, I mean, what we did is we looked at run rates and then it just assumed kind of normal seasonality. I think what you're hearing from some of the third-party forecasters is an expectation of some type of substantial recovery in the mortgage market. That could occur, and if it does, we'll benefit, okay? But right now, what we're assuming is we're going to see a market that looks a little more normal in terms of its seasonality versus this year, and we're going to wait to see that recovery before we start saying it's going to happen.
A – John Gamble: So the specific comment around mortgage, I think that was probably -- there was a large increase from a vendor, and everyone knows that. So that was a onetime effect or we'll see what happens in the future. On EWS, we've seen an increase in their royalties over time as they continue to grow partner records, and that's just part of the business model. And we think they can deliver 50% plus margins even as that grows. So it's just -- it's a cost that we have to incur in the business, but it's an extremely beneficial cost because the variable margin on those -- on the revenue that those records generate continues to be high, but those costs are increasing. The other costs I didn't mention, right, that we're offsetting is we are continuing to see duplicate costs because we're continuing to run the major US systems in credit and the major Canadian systems in credit through the middle of this year or into the third quarter. And so that duplicate cost is something we're still incurring, and that's also something that's partially offsetting the cost savings we're generating.
A – John Gamble: So in terms of the split of capital and expense, we didn't give specifics, but it's probably reasonable just to use the same split that you have in 2023. And I think I'm going to have to ask you to wait until 2024 before we talk about -- we give -- we talk about 2024 guidance. But what we did talk about, right, is there's substantial expense savings that we expect to see not just from this but also from continuing to execute on our transformation. And we do expect our margins to grow, right? So we're going to get margin enhancement through revenue growth because it's obviously -- we have obviously a high -- very high variable margins as the mortgage market even just normalizes at these levels, our revenue growth starts to accelerate. And then also, we'll get cost savings. So how do you decide to decide what goes where? It's up to you. But we do expect to see margin enhancement with a better revenue growth environment and a more stable mortgage market.
A – John Gamble: Just as a reminder, our Financial Marketing Services business was weak last year, right? And we talked about that throughout the year. And what we expect is we expect to see it kind of flatten out in 2023, part of it just because we're lapping a weak year and part of it because we think we're improving some of the product offerings we have. But -- so overall, for us, our Financial Marketing Services business was generally not strong in 2022, but we're expecting a little better performance and some growth in 2023.
A – John Gamble: I think it's about all we can add, right? So I mean, we gave fairly good visibility on how we expect margins to substantially enhance through the year, going from about 30-ish, right, to 36% by the end of the year. And we said we'll start seeing those cost savings really kick in, in the second quarter. So beyond that, not much more to say.
A – John Gamble: Yeah. So what we -- what Mark mentioned is that the way the planning was built is we assumed about a 5% non-mortgage growth. And overall, you were referring to acceleration in online, right? I'm referring to overall non-mortgage growth of about 5%, which is a little lower than it was in the fourth quarter but still very, very strong. And I think the decline from the fourth quarter is principally driven by the fact that we've assumed that we're going to see weakening economic conditions as we move through the year, right? And I think what we're doing is just reflecting that in the 2023 guidance we provided. So we think that 5% growth with a US economy that weakens through the year, we think is a very nice outcome, and it shows very good performance and continued good performance across banking across auto, across other verticals and then also a return to some level of growth -- not high, but some level of growth in our Financial Marketing Services business.
A – John Gamble: Yeah. Mortgage has a very defined price change. On January 1, it's pretty much industry wide, right? So across other verticals, generally speaking, price increases do happen early in the year but that isn't always the case, right? So they tend to be more distributed throughout the year. So it isn't as unified an event outside of mortgage. But yes, we do expect to continue to get price. We certainly had a price benefit in the fourth quarter, and we expect to continue to have price benefits as we move through 2023.
A – Mark Begor: As John pointed out, those will be executed principally the actions of the contractors and attrition in some Equifax FTEs will be executed in the first quarter, so the benefits will accelerate as we go through second, third and fourth. And then as we said, we get a benefit -- positive benefit in 2024 from the full year impact of that.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah. It's a combo of the two. We tried to be clear about that, Andrew, in our comments because of the extra efforts and additional work we did in 2022, it's allowed us to accelerate the cloud savings that we've talked to you about for multiple years. So a big piece of the $120 million is the cloud savings, but there's a meaningful increment to that of just a broader restructuring of the company to improve our efficiencies and how we operate the company. Some of that from the investments of the cloud that are outside of technology just allow us to operate more effectively. So it's a combo with the two.
A – Mark Begor: I think, John, you also said in your comments that if you look at first quarter versus fourth quarter and isolate around these expense items around incentive and equity, our margins are basically flat, which means we're absorbing a weaker mortgage market than the fourth quarter and still getting the benefits of operating leverage and price and everything else to kind of offset that ex the cost items that we had that we talked about.
A – Mark Begor: Maybe I just add to that, John. I think John mentioned, we rolled out our pricing actions late in the year in effective 1/1. So we know what those are. So that's kind of baked in. So that gives you a lot of confidence. As I mentioned earlier, and John did too, we already know some meaningful record additions that we've signed agreements for that will come in, in 2023. That's revenue and margin. We've got new products in workforce that were rolled out in 2022 that gets full year benefit in 2023. And we know our pipeline of new products we're expecting to roll out in the first quarter and second quarter from workforce going forward. So we think there's a -- we have a lot to give us confidence in our outlook there. And I think as John pointed out, to me, the factor would be if the economy is worse than we factored into this or if the mortgage market is significantly worse than we factored into this outlook, that would put pressure on that. And then we would take actions to respond to it.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah, sure. So first, we're working to try to finish the acquisition. We've been negotiating since December with the Board of Boa Vista. We're pleased with the progress, and we're -- we want to conclude that. So that's kind of priority number one. But everything we talked about in December, we're still quite energized about. First and foremost, we would bring all of the Equifax capabilities to Boa Vista, whether it's our new cloud technology our products from around the globe, our big platforms like Ignite and InterConnect, we'd really bring their capabilities up substantially versus what they have today as a standalone number two credit bureau in the market. So that is a real positive. And the underlying business is performing exceptionally well. They've got strong double-digit growth. It's a big market in Brazil that's expanding. There's a lot of alternative data available there that we would want to focus on. We just see a bunch of potential. As we pointed out, they have some unique data outside of the normal banking data that's unique to Boa Vista, which is another element that we like about it. So we're focused on completing our negotiations, so we can try to move forward in closing it.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah. I think we've been quite clear that over the last couple of years, as we completed the cloud, we were looking for new international markets to take Workforce Solutions into. As we talked on the call earlier, we've been building out businesses in Australia and Canada, and then most recently, a year ago, really in the first quarter, we launched our UK business using our new cloud capabilities and started to go into the market and talk to both individual contributors and payroll processors around adding data records. So we've made some positive traction over the last, I guess, four years in Australia and four years in Canada and over the last 12 months in the UK. We're looking to continue to grow and expand our capabilities there. We had -- I don't know the number, but we've had a handful of agreements signed in the UK, and we also signed an agreement with an entity that has tax data that is a proxy for income and employment. So that's been a positive addition in the UK. That gives us a lot of coverage so we can start rolling out solutions there. In Australia, we've got -- had an agreement with a pension administrator that brought that kind of data in, which is -- and also has the equivalent of W-2 type data in it that's quite accretive also. So it's clearly part of our strategy to continue to build out and invest into international footprint for workforce.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah. It's -- first off, it's very difficult to forecast. And I think we've shown over the last year that it's a hard thing to do. We've been pretty good about forecasting inside of a quarter, meaning out for a couple of months because the trends are pretty clear on what we're seeing on a daily and weekly basis. But as you get out a couple of quarters in this uncertain environment, it's much more challenging. And John, correct me if I'm wrong, I believe for the last year we've had our outlooks south of the other forecasts, like MBA and stuff consistently. So that's not a new approach for us. And Toni, as you know, we have real visibility to originations that are actually happening on a near-term basis, which is what we try to factor into our forecast. And you could call it bearish or conservative or, in our case, we tried to put it the most realistic outlook in place, that's what we put out there.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah. I think you know, we don't -- for competitive reasons and commercial reasons, we don't talk about any price increases. I think we've been clear that we have more pricing leverage in EWS than our other businesses. We've also been clear that we generally do our price increases effective 1/1 and roll them out in the fall or fourth quarter to our customers. And so price for EWS, USIS, International, we got real clarity because it's in the marketplace and already negotiated with our customers. So that gives us a lot of confidence in that element of our margin and revenue levers for the year.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah, that was fairly strong in 2022 and in the fourth quarter. And we would expect that to continue at a fairly strong level in certainly the first quarter, which we gave you guidance on. And I think in our broader guide for 2023, we expect kind of a broad softening in the economy in the second half, and that's factored into our outlook for the year.
A – Mark Begor: I think this is a different economic event than we've ever seen before, right? You've got interest rates increasing rapidly. You've got inflation at a level that it hasn't been in 40 years, but you also have people working. That usually doesn't tie together. Normally, you see unemployment increase as there's an economic event. And I think the real question is that -- I'm not an economist, but the real question is that -- is there going to be the so-called soft landing with interest rates and inflation? With the labor report from last Friday, it doesn't feel like that, meaning there's going to be continued interest rate increases to try to tame inflation. But the variable on all the verticals you described in financial services, where financial services companies, I ran a credit card company for a decade, where a credit card company or a financial service company will start tightening up is when people aren't working. And when they're not working, they can't pay their bills or they slow down their payment of their bills. So that's the dichotomy that we have in 2022 and I call it the early parts of 2023, is you've got an economy that clearly is seeing pressure. You've got companies that are tightening their belts, which is impacting some of our B2B volume. But you got a consumer that's still fairly healthy. Their consumer confidence is down, but they're working so they're still paying their bills. Our assumption for 2023 is that doesn't continue, meaning there's some weakening of that in the second half is kind of how we laid it out. And then, of course, on top of that, we're disproportionately impacted versus some of our peers by the massive mortgage market decline that we've had. We've been living in a mortgage recession for six-plus months, and we've got another six months until we get the first half strength of 2023 behind us. But last year, the mortgage market decline impacted us -- just the market impact of that was close to $0.5 billion, a little over $0.5 billion. So we've been living in a usual economic environment. And from our perspective, quite positively, Equifax has continued to grow through that.
A – Mark Begor: Yeah, we take price up generally in all our products every year, varying amounts dependent upon our market position and our commercial position, et cetera.
John Gamble: The only thing I'd add is as transformation completes the effort necessary to launch new products comes down substantially, right? It's one of the real benefits from cloud transformation that we've been talking about substantially. And as data is on fabric and everything is running through Ignite and InterConnect, then the level of investment necessary to launch those new products really starts to become something that we can do faster and cheaper. So as Mark said, we do a very good job of making sure we understand who is working on what. So as we reduce resource, we take it out of specifically transformation. But also as we go forward, we expect to get a lot of leverage in product launches in terms of being able to launch them faster and cheaper because they're on the transform cloud infrastructure.
John Gamble: And we've seen that in EWS by the way. It isn't something that we haven't seen. It's already happened in EWS.
John Gamble: And just really the equity impact were pretty close to flat. So we didn't -- so we tend to try to list things in order of importance. So what you can take from the listing we gave is it's fairly substantial. No, we haven't quantified our -- the total incentive and sales incentive difference year-on-year. But we're saving -- the $120 million savings is obviously quite substantial. And the most substantial area we're offsetting is that change in overall sales compensation and incentive compensation as well as equity compensation. So it's the biggest factor. Also, we are seeing increases in royalty costs. It's both in mortgage. We talked about one of our mortgage vendors, increasing prices. We do get some benefit from that on the revenue side as a pass-through, but it also significantly increases our expenses. And then also as we continue to substantially grow in Workforce Solutions, our partners, which we had an outstanding year, growing 10 new exclusive partners for in the fourth quarter, we do see royalties go up. But EWS is able to outgrow that and drive their margins higher. So anyway, those are the biggest things that we're offsetting with the -- that are offsetting the $120 million in cost savings.
John Gamble: I think what we have talked about is we were seeing -- we saw a nice growth in card in the fourth quarter in terms of volumes, not just -- our revenue was very good in banking, but also we saw a nice growth in banking and volumes in general. So that trend continues to be positive. Auto was kind of flattish, right? We think we performed well because of product, pricing and some penetration gains. So we think we did very well in online auto. We didn't see substantial market growth in auto in terms of transactions in the fourth quarter. So -- and as Mark said, as we go through next year, we've assumed a general weakening of the economy relative to where we are today.
John Gamble: And just as a reminder, as you think about USIS, right, two of the areas that are performing extremely well that are driving a lot of our growth are commercial and identity and fraud, right? So segments that are not necessarily embedded within the consumer, but where we think we have differentiated capabilities and benefits that should allow us to grow nicely in markets that may even weaken.
John Gamble: Yes. And just as a reminder, and Mark already mentioned that we're expecting total non-mortgage for EWS next year about 13%. So still very, very good and that even reflects weakness that we're going to see in ERC, right? ERC was very strong. And now with the end of that program, that pandemic-based program, you'll see a significant reduction there, which is non-mortgage, and we'll still grow 13% through that, so.
John Gamble: 2021 was a very good year, right? So our comp was strong in 2021 because 2021 was a strong year overall.
