Jeffrey L. Dodge: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to today's conference call. I'm Jeff Dodge with Investor Relations. And with me today are Rick Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Lee Adrean, Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the Investor Relations section in the About Equifax tab of our website at www.equifax.com. During this call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements to help you understand Equifax and its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in the filings with the SEC, including our 2011 Form 10-K and subsequent filings. We will refer to a non-GAAP financial measure adjusted diluted EPS attributable to Equifax, which excludes acquisition-related amortization expense. These measures are detailed in our non-GAAP reconciliation tables included with our earnings release and also posted on our website. Please refer to the non-GAAP reconciliation in our various investor presentations posted in the Investor Relations section under the About Equifax tab on our website for further details. Now I'd like to turn it over to Rick.
Jeffrey L. Dodge: It's about 1% acquisition, about 4% mortgage. Actually a little less than 4% and a little over 7% core and initiative growth.
Jeffrey L. Dodge: Okay. I want to thank everybody for participating on the call today. And operator with that, we'll conclude the call.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Lee. Let me just give you some closing comments, then we'll jump to some Q&A. I'm proud of this team. This team continues to execute at very high levels, allowing us to deliver yet another solid quarter. As you know, I think you agree, we have the broadest array of powerful consumer data assets in our industry. We've invested heavily over the years in linking this data together, as well as linking together second and third-party data. We're also investing in our analytical expertise to ensure we develop an absolute best insight out of that data. And as I stated earlier, our strategy is really resonating well with the customers in every sector in which we serve. We're now operating from a position of real strength to continue driving solid organic revenue growth for the foreseeable future. You'll hear more details about that when we have our Investor Day in December up with at the New York Stock Exchange. As we enter the fourth quarter, we see the same fundamentals continuing and now expect this momentum to continue into 2013. And again, we'll discuss in great detail the strategy and the outlook for 2013 at the Investor Day. We now expect full year 2012 revenue growth for the company, excluding Brazil, to be at or above the top end of the 11% to 12% range we quoted during the second quarter earnings call. And for adjusted earnings per share growth, additional 3 to 4 points as a result of operating in the financial leverage. This outlook assumes that mortgage marketing continues at its present rate for the remainder of the quarter and, in fact, I expect the mortgage market to continue well into 2013 at this juncture, probably at least through the first 2 quarters of 2013. For the fourth quarter, assuming current exchange rates at a continuation of the mortgage activity we've experienced, our outlook for revenue growth from continuing operations is expected to be between 8% and 10% adjusted EPS, from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.72 and $0.76 per share for the quarter. And finally, we are looking forward to visiting with you at our Investor Day on December 6 with the Stock Exchange. Given the strong positive response to date, I'd encourage you to respond RSVP at your earliest convenience so we can be sure to accommodate everyone's interest because we're -- a limited number of people can actually host in the facility. For those of you who don't -- won't be able to attend in personal, we'll be webcasting it and taking questions from our web-based audience during the Q&A session. So again, we hope we can see you there on the 6th of December. Operator, if you would please open up for questions.
Richard F. Smith: Andrew, Rick here. Just to reinforce Lee's point, I think, if you look at year-to-date trends, so 3 quarters year-to-date, 2011 versus 2012, you'll see a very positive momentum. If you look at third quarter of 2011 versus third quarter of 2012, you'll see positive growth. And to Lee's point, with the IXI and mix changes, you'd expect to see a nice move up in the fourth quarter on the margin as well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, One thing, Andrew, we've talked about now for years is that we continue to invest heavily in our strategic pricing team and we get great results, an increasing result out of the team each and every quarter. That team is focusing on bundling of our unique data assets to maximize the value we can bring to our customers and the price we can bring to our shareholders and profit to our shareholders. So I'm pleased with what they're doing. I'd say we're still at the early stages, but even though we've been out now for 6 years, I think there's a lot of runway left for us on pricing.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, Dan, one of the things that's important to note that the new home sales are, in fact, strengthening. It's on even -- depends on where you are in the country, but overall it's strengthening from a very low base. We still have a long way to go. So again, I think, it's an encouraging thing if you think about mortgage. We have a long way to go before we get back to the historical levels of 2004, '05, '06 and even '07. And then we expect that to continue to improve at a modest rate in 2013. We expect refinancing, as I mentioned before, to continue to improve -- to continue at good levels for the first -- at least first 2 quarters of 2013. The point I'll make there is, I said in my opening comments, we are innovating at very, very high levels across the company, including mortgage. We have a team in the mortgage business that has got great domain expertise, and their ability to build new products and new solutions in the mortgage market is helping us grow, regardless what the mortgage market itself does, is encouraging. As I think about margins, I don't see a significant difference in margins for refinancing versus that of original home sales. Those tend to be about the same. There are some nuances there, but generically about the same. And the margins for the new price, obviously, tend to be a little low as you start off and grow over time.
Richard F. Smith: Let's see if I can answer your question this way. We made a commitment that we see a path of continuing to grow year-on-year on margins about 25 basis points a year while continuing to grow or investing organic growth. If that's the heart of your question, yes. I see the trajectory line continuing at that 25 basis points for 2013 and beyond.
Richard F. Smith: Sure. On insurance, I think, we've mentioned that -- boy, you're testing my memory now. I think it's been a few years ago, we had a large win then. We've really pulled back in the insurance sector post the divestiture of ChoicePoint with our unique 360 data assets. We looked at that marketplace a couple of years ago, became intrigued, won a couple of nice pieces of business. So it's a continuation of what we announced then, Dan, it's just really leveraging the data 360 assets to add value and solve problems that others in the industry cannot solve. We're hiring some very good people and learning here as you get people really understand the verticals -- in this case, insurance. They bring great value and immediate value to us there. So the combination of good expertise and unique data assets is proving valuable in insurance. As it relates to the co-development, yes, that is encouraging. I mentioned to you there, it's allowing banks to co-develop with us to develop insights from their data and our data to build new solutions. That alone is manifesting itself in immediate revenue. But the most exciting thing is, as our customers get into our data assets and co-work with us, we are convinced that can lead to future new products down the road. So the incremental revenue as we look forward 2013 and '14 with these large banks. I think it's very, very encouraging, and we're leading the way there with these large banks, which is neat.
Richard F. Smith: It is -- you're right, we really ramped up our efforts in the government sector when we bought Anakam maybe 2 years ago. They brought not only product capabilities that could help us solve identity fraud issues with different arms of the government -- and I'm not going to go into a lot of details which arms they are -- but number two, it brought the context and the ability for us to actually open the way towards the combination of the Anakam two-factor authentication with our -- of our data assets and a product we called eID kind of bundling of those 3 products together is really gaining great traction across a multitude of government entities, which is really encouraging.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, great question. Yes, the answer is yes. If I think about the traction we're getting with the combination of those 3 efforts again, two-factor authentication, knowledge-based decisioning off of our database and then eID, it's -- we are going to take it to government, health care and the FIs . There's a clear need in all 3.
Richard F. Smith: Let's see if I can answer by putting some color on what's occurring in our International. Again, I think it's important to your baseline the fact that, in Latin America, we're still growing 9%; I think it's very, very encouraging. Number two, growing 7% on a local currency basis in a very troubled European market is encouraging. I didn't mention Russia. Russia, we have just great, great success in Russia and great success in India as well, as you think about International. Go to specifically, maybe some themes that are occurring in the International footprints. There's some regulatory uncertainty in a couple of places in Latin America and in Canada that the team is now working through. But that regulatory uncertainty caused a slowdown, a temporary slowdown in a couple of markets. So while the underlying market might have been a little stronger, the regulatory uncertainty caused a slowdown for a few quarters. And we're going to work through that, and the team's done a great job of that. And we'll hope to get through that uncertainty as we exit 2012, moving to 2013.
Richard F. Smith: I don't have the exact calculation, but for Chile, it's obviously important. For LatAm and for the company as a whole, it's relatively de minimis. And we haven't broken that out. And again, I think, the most important thing to think about there is we've got a great team working with the different branches of the government in Chile -- in fact, in all parts of the world -- to get through these regulatory uncertainties. So I'm confident we'll do so.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it's a pretty good level there. I think 68% to 75% seems to be a reasonable target for us, and a target we're comfortable with.
Richard F. Smith: I don't think -- we don't break that out. I don't have it off the top of my head. But here's what you should note. I said a little earlier that we have a really solid team in mortgage. They've got deep domain expertise. They are churning out new products in an unbelievable rate, leveraging all the different unique data assets we have. And I can tell you this: For the mortgage business in the U.S., it's a nice piece of growth. I don't remember the exact numbers.
Richard F. Smith: When we talk International, correct. There's stuff going on in Chile or Canada -- is much different under than the IXI issue. And the IXI issue is worth just spending a second on. It is being driven around uncertainty, not a regulatory decision at this juncture. It's uncertainty around where regulation might go, specific to a couple of attributes within the database, specifically age and location. So we're working with our customers to modify models that are as predictive to take some of the areas where they're concerned or where regulation might go out of the equation. And we're very hopeful that we get that resolved very soon.
Richard F. Smith: No. We've already proven statistically that if we modify the model to exclude the attributes that they're concerned about, it is as predictable as the old model.
Richard F. Smith: It's nothing significant. It's nits and nats as a number of people across Latin America just trying to reposition the company for the future needs a little bit in the U.K. Nothing -- no one thing is significant and no one thing is really strategic. It's a small number relative to our size of the business, $3.7 million.
Richard F. Smith: Andrew, this is Rick. I'll let Lee get the constant currency growth rate for the fourth quarter in a second as it relates to Brazil and the positive data ruling. It's important you look back in time and you go back 5 years ago. We and others were very bullish at the time that positive data would be forthcoming and will be a catalyst to revenue. Here we are 5, 6 years later, and we're still muddling around and trying to determine what that really means and when the revenue might be forthcoming. Strategically, there's no doubt about it. When the country moves to positive data, it is a good thing. It helps them with risk-based pricing and that has proven to be a catalyst for growth in our industry. At this juncture, I'm still in the sidelines. And my view is it's probably 2 years or so, maybe 3 years away, before you actually start to see revenue traction from positive data in Brazil. It's a number of years beyond that before you see significant revenue. Lee, you got...
Richard F. Smith: Dave, as you know we don't talk about acquisitions. But I mentioned, I think, it was last -- a number of times with you and others that their CEO, Mike Lowry, has made a statement a number of times in the public domain that he is interested in disposing of noncore assets, and we hope that he would see this franchise in the middle part of the country as noncore. And if he does, we stand prepared to work with him, and hope we negotiate a deal. Nothing more than that.
Richard F. Smith: Our team, which is down in Brazil this week -- in fact, they're still there and come back tonight. We have -- we have a board meeting down there this week and we'll make -- continue to make really good strides on all fronts. So as far as operational integration, product development, systems, platforms, pricing, strategy, so on and so forth, building the NPI process down there, all those things are working well. We've got a really good working relationship with ACSP, TMG and Boa Vista along with Equifax. We still remain very interested in making that platform a success going forward. As it relates to Experian buying out now up to 99.6% of Serasa, no, that has no bearing on our strategy or our optimism for the market going forward.
Richard F. Smith: I think we've mentioned somewhere in either Mike's question to Lee is the core credit marketing business, what we used to call CMS, so excluding IXI, had good growth in the quarter with a solid 7% for fourth quarter. Carter, I missed the last part of your question.
Richard F. Smith: Well, again, we answer it in 2 ways. One is that you got fluctuation seasonality in IXI throughout the year. You have a very strong fourth quarter, relatively strong second quarter, and modest performance in first and second. So yes, there was a change in marketing in IXI in the third quarter versus second quarter that will be driven the natural fluctuations you see in IXI. As far as card, card is okay. Our prescreened is up solidly. Portfolio Management is up solidly. But the overall card market still remains a little sluggish.
Richard F. Smith: Let me start with the latter and come back to Canada. CFPB, obviously, we're in very close contact and communication with them. Their whole focus now, as it relates to us and our industry, is that governance and ensuring that we have a proper governance structure in place to comply with any potential new regulations that would be forthcoming. So we're spending some time and energy just making sure that our governance process, governance structured, governance communication, governance cadence is proper, and the team is making really, really good strides there. So that's where a lot of our energy is right now with CFPB. There has been no clear mandate or new regulations imposed at this juncture. Stay tuned. As we learn, obviously, we will use this vehicle and others to communicate to you. But I think the team's done a great job. We'll continue to do a good job of responding to and reacting to CFPB. As it relates to Canada, it's always important to put it in perspective, too, because the regulatory impact there, when you look at the entire company, was de minimis. It focused on the mortgage market and regulatory change in the mortgage market, which did impact the mortgage business in Canada. The mortgage business in Canada is small relative to the total business. I think, Lee, it's 15%-ish, 20% in that range. And the specific regulation that came out in Canada, I don't remember exactly what it was. Lee, you might.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, NPI continues to run strong. We have a targeted number of 10% for vitality and you always have swings quarter-to-quarter. But the trajectory continues to be on that same pace. So it's doing well.
Richard F. Smith: That was a good quarter, solid, yes. And broad-based, too. Again, it's every business unit, every geography. We're still in that 10% range as far as vitality goes. As far as the market dynamics for Commercial, there's no real change there. It's less about what Experian or D&B are doing in the marketplace. It's more about the marketing side of our commercial business being slow. Our core U.S. risk business in the U.S. continues to operate well, and I'm hopeful. We gave a guidance, it was last quarter, but it was the total year commercial would grow in the low single digit. I'm still committed to that low single-digit number, which by default means you have that growth in the fourth quarter.
Richard F. Smith: As far as NCTUE+, it is growing extremely well. It is over twice the size of what the business was last year, and we expect it to continue to grow in the future. Most of the growth initially starts with those building solutions for those companies that provide the data, so in the telco utility arena. We're now taking that database, working with our board of NCTUE+ and taking it into other verticals such as FI and insurance. So if you look long term, there's 2 things that happen: we continue to grow the database, which adds value. We continue to diversify away from just the contributors of data to new verticals, and that will be propel growth, I'm convinced, for a number of years to come. So it is doing extremely well, Bill, to answer your question. As far as M&A pipeline, the M&A pipeline continues to be very, very strong. It centers all the things we had traditionally looked at, which is data sources, tuck-in acquisitions around the world, geographical expansions, analytics. So it's a strong pipeline, strategic pipeline, and so it's going well, all linked back to our strategy.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, it's a very competitive marketplace, and we are outspending. If you just look at the marketing spend of our team versus other very large competitors out there, we're outspent, multiples what we spent, which is remarkable. When you look at the performance that Trey and his team have continued to deliver by becoming very sophisticated in how they measure churn, how they develop new products, and the repositioning of the pricing of the products, looking at ARPU -- just has done a very good job. As far as the future, yes, I continue to see our business, as we always said, as a double-digit growth business with a 25% plus margins and the teams have deliver that. We told you that was the goal for our business for a number of years, and I see that same kind of performance going forward.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I don't remember. The answer is yes. We find U.K. growing at a slightly faster rate, but they're both in the single digits. It's not like you've got Iberia in a flat or negative growth rate. They're both growing at single-digit rates.
Richard F. Smith: We're just looking to Jeff for exact number. He said yes, it's stable versus second quarter, and maybe a slight upward trend, but nothing dramatic.
Richard F. Smith: Yes Shlomo, I will profess I don't remember the exact numbers. We just had a review on India recently. Let me give you some color on it, and Lee, if you remember the exact numbers, you can jump in. If not, we'll address it in detail on December 6 at the Investor Day. Across every operational metric you can think of as far as adding new contributors of data, number of records to file, companies to file, hit rate against the file, number of customers testing products, all those things are going extremely well and giving us the foundation for which to start building products and actually monetizing it. As far as financially at this juncture, we're still in the phase of investing and building and not yet at the point of breakeven. Financial breakeven probably comes 1 or 2 years down the road.
Richard F. Smith: I'll start with the first and look at my friend to my right, Lee, to get the others if we, in fact, break those out, if we're not, just respond that way, Lee. But as far as the company, the company has historically, since I've been here, been in the range of the teens up to as high as, I think, 22% of the total company revenue as a percent of mortgage. Obviously, with refinancing being a little stronger now than it was in the past, we're around 20%, just under -- just over 20% this particular quarter. So over a multi-year period of time, clearly within the range, you would expect versus maybe the last few years, up a bit.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I'll jump in, and Lee can talk specifically about the capital structure we're thinking. But you're right, I think we said 1.75 to 2.2 or 2.25. We're at the low end of that range. And it's always going to go up and down over a period of time, as you know. Someone asked the question earlier, how do I feel about -- I think it was Bill, feel about the M&A pipeline. The M&A pipeline is strong, and we'll continue to look at, obviously, paying a strong dividend, buying back shares where shares make sense, investing on organic growth and M&A. And at this juncture, there is some strong M&A pipeline. We'd, as always, like to continue execute against. So you're going to see it drop from 1.9%, 2% down to the 1%. And you'll see it for a time go back up. We'll continue to operate within that range and over a short period of time, you may have some anomalies like you see now.
Lee Adrean: Andrew, I think a couple of things. The most important is actually the mix of business as we flow quarter-to-quarter. For instance, from Q2, our IXI business unit, because of the way they deliver their services, tend to have the strongest quarters in Q2 and Q4. And when they get -- but their expenses are relatively ratable through the year. So IXI will contribute much more strongly to margin in Q2 and Q4. As we move from Q2 to Q3, IXI revenue fell off as they always do. And we made up some of that with mortgage. But as we increase mortgage revenue, that also drags along with it some direct cost. So simple things like mix quarter-to-quarter, a little bit of seasonality Q2 and Q4 as a result of IXI. There will be some fluctuations when mortgages surging versus moderating some. Those are some of the factors that cause quarter-to-quarter fluctuation. We really don't try to manage quarterly margin at a business unit level. There are too many things that can intervene. Obviously, we do try to drive consistent performance at a total company level, but the business units will tend to fluctuate.
Lee Adrean: Yes, and Andrew, I'd add a couple of things first. Certainly, pricing has been important, and we've talked in the last couple of quarters about some pricing initiatives from last year, which we're seeing flowing in, in our results this year. Second, there is a mix issue. When mortgage is particularly strong, our pricing into the mortgage sector tends to be more attractive than, for instance, into the credit card sector. So you can get some mix effects. The third thing, again, a different element of our strategy is we introduce additional products and services. Some of those are add-ons to the credit report revenue we already have, and that causes our combined average price to rise. And whether that's in what I've described as some of the services outside of pure traditional credit reports but flow-through USCIS, you see that addition to revenue growth on top of just pure unit price. We're actually working to come up with a little better way of measuring our average revenue per transaction, but you're seeing the effects of all 3: Pricing, the mortgage mix tends to help us when it's quite strong, but also product initiatives that we've been driving for several years.
Lee Adrean: Yes. If I look at the total of USCIS, it growing at about 15%, about 7% or so is mortgage market, about 2 points are some of the major pricing initiatives from a year ago, but we're looking at 5% or 6% just pure organic initiative growth.
Lee Adrean: Andrew, based on our current view on FX rates, we think the constant currency growth is probably going to be about 0.5 point lower than the nominal. So if we're saying 8% to 10% reported revenue growth in the fourth quarter, constant currency will be 7.5% to 9.5%.
Lee Adrean: Well, one, I think you're going to see a changing perspective on the mortgage market as time passes. The old data, you're correct, talked about a 20%-ish decline, 21% decline. I think as you exit this year, you're going to see the economists, MBA and most importantly, the top underwriters of mortgages take a different and more optimistic stance. You've already heard a few of them in their earnings call talk about that. So I think what you're going to see is far less than a 20% to 25% decline next year. I think you'll see a strong first half of the year in mortgage, and you'll see a weaker second half of the year. And whatever that number is, and as we get maybe to Investor Day, we'll have some greater transparency for you, Carter. Whatever that number is, yes, we would expect our team to perform at a significantly better rate than that market decline, and that's because of our innovation. So if you'd bear with me, wait till we get to the December Investor Day, we'll frame up for you the stake in the ground that we're putting for mortgage market, and that what we expect for our mortgage business.
Lee Adrean: The issue in Canada did not -- actually has nothing to do with our services to the mortgage market. The Canadian financial authorities are trying to reduce -- has reduced the bubble or any risk of a mortgage bubble and they have increased required down payments and made some other changes to deflate the real estate market a bit. The amortization schedules on mortgages have now been brought in from 30 years to 25 years, so payments were up a little. And they're just trying to make sure that they don't get a mortgage bubble. But what that's done very short term is slow the demand in mortgages. So it really is actions by the government to avoid the bubble, but it has weakened mortgage demand.
Lee Adrean: I think the CapEx is probably heading to a lower number than $95 million. I don't actually remember the number, but it's probably pretty linear through the year. CapEx to date is about $50 million, that would project out to about $70 million for the year. The -- I'll be honest, free cash flow, I haven't focused on it as much on. Our cash flow has been strong this year. And...
Lee Adrean: No. The seasonality of our cash flow is first quarter is low because of the timing of certain payments and the other 3 quarters tend to be roughly equivalent. We've had actually very good working capital management in the last couple of quarters. We probably can't keep doing that and making gains every quarter, but I would expect fourth quarter cash flow to be good.
Lee Adrean: Broad numbers, I think it's between 25% and 30% for USCIS, and it's about 30% of Workforce Solutions.
Lee Adrean: I'll just have 2 things. I think what we've said over the last couple of years has been 1.75 to 2x, and my calculation on our current position is about 1.4x. But that's where it will tend to float from time to time.
