Rick Smith: Patrick, let me jump in first and then John -- well, this is Rick. The performance you saw, one, we don't think is over conservative, to answer your question. Two is the performances you saw in the second quarter of outperforming the market and market is defined in many different ways, has not been a 1 quarter or 2 quarter or 1 year or 2 year anomaly, it's been long-term trend. So we continue to expect ourselves to outperform whatever the market does. We've given guidance, assuming the mortgage market that I think is pretty consistent with many economists, we expect to outperform that.
Rick Smith: You get a lot of noise quarter-to-quarter and geography-to-geography. And I don't pay much attention to that. We get great momentum in NPI, great momentum in Cambrian and across many verticals. So you may see quarter-to-quarter something outperforming and some quarter is underperforming, but long term, we still felt very good about being in that mid-single-digit growth as we spoke of high margins.
Rick Smith: I think from macro perspective, with interest rates not rising as maybe the economy had expected earlier in the year, it's not as -- you're not seeing the growth at the macro level maybe in the car business as you would have expected earlier in the year. But we have a wide range -- array of customers, and we've got some that are doing extremely well. You saw the performance in our marketing services, prescreening was really strong in marketing. Auto, even though you're seeing a plateauing of new car sales in the U.S. projecting it will be something over $17 million for the year. As, we participate on used car, Greg, as well as new car. Used car continues to grow. And we talked about our EWS business being lightly penetrated with a lot of room to grow. We signed a great contract with a partner in that arena in the last 6 months. That's continuing to fuel growth. So even though new car sales are plateauing, we continue to expect place like EWS and auto to be a good growth driver for us.
Rick Smith: Well, one, it's important to know, Greg, that we thought about fraud and ID is not just in the U.S. where we have the traditional competitors. It's in countries where we don't have necessarily traditional competitors. You go to Latin America, we plan on bringing fraud and ID we have into those countries. You think about Australia, we're really excited about bringing products like InstaTouch to Australia. So it is a global excitement that you're hearing from us, not just in the U.S. And InstaTouch is very unique. And what makes InstaTouch unique is not just the technology itself and the first mover advantage. And that's one small piece of fraud, by the way. It is also that coupled with our unique data assets that makes InstaTouch really powerful. And by the way, Greg, we also alluded to InstaTouch being a really exciting capability we're bringing to Workforce Solutions. And as you know, Workforce Solutions has the unique capability that we have in our business.
Rick Smith: Good question, George. So the strength, first of all, was in three unique areas. It was the portfolio management, it was prescreen and it's out IXI business, all three exhibited really strong growth. The correlation and connection between prescreen and online, and we talked about this last few years. There seems to be a slight decoupling. It used to almost be a one quarter lag between prescreen growth and an uptick in online. We're not seeing that necessarily that correlation. We're keeping an eye on it going forward. And if it does correlate, obviously, that's nice upside for our online business and USIS. We've not seen that direct correlation for the past few years.
Rick Smith: The confidence level, George, is extremely high, and we've got great visibility into contract-level details. And again, if you look at the first half in compared to third quarter, we saw modest growth in the first half, slight decline to flattish in the third quarter. We got that visibility. It gives us high level of confidence that fourth quarter will exit nicely in the range, and that will bode well for 2018. Okay. Operator.
Rick Smith: Yes. First of all, strategically, Brett, the priority remains the same. It's investing in organic growth, it's protecting the dividend we talked about and it's investing in share repurchase and inorganic growth. As you might guess, we have been focused the last whatever it's been, 18 months or 19 months or so, on the integration of Veda and de-leveraging. So as you think about capital allocation in the back half of this year and going into 2018, John mentioned share repurchase. We're back in that arena and expect us to get back in the arena of acquisitions as well. We do a good job of that and it's tied to our strategy. We've got a good pipeline and we have the financial capacity to do so.
Rick Smith: And Tim, to reiterate, so we have great transparency. We can look at contract level, customer level, product level, channel level and we wouldn't see replacing. We've got confidence in returning to that long-term growth model in the fourth quarter unless we saw it, and we do see it.
Rick Smith: It is, but it's extremely small. It is not closed yet, to be clear. The hope is that gets closed sometime here in the third quarter, but it will be de minimis in the third and fourth quarter. More importantly, it's strategically an opportunity for Dan to get in that world of the benefits world and sell and monetize products. So long term, we're very bullish on that, I mean in 2018, but 2017, yes, it's in our guidance but it's de minimis.
Rick Smith: Yes, it was -- by the way, the guidance we gave in the second quarter, obviously, we have full transparency in the onetime contract we had last year. So it was not a surprise on our end. Two, we remain very bullish on Australia and Asia as a whole. It can end the year with great growth. It will have a great third quarter and have a great fourth quarter. Well positioned for next year. Economic outlook remains very good for Australia. The consensus is 2.3 4 5 6 7% growth next year. Paulino, as I mentioned, is down there if he'll accelerate the adoption of some of our platforms and products and processes. So I remain very bullish on the entire region.
Rick Smith: Gunnar, the latter is the more important. As we talked about, it's a nice revenue contributor. But more importantly, it gives us the kind of the cache, the credibility in the digital market space, and we're seeing the benefit of that.
Rick Smith: Yes. Andrew, it's amazing. I say this all the time. It is -- one, the visibility into the long-term growth is phenomenal. Meaning we see the levers that we can pull to continue to grow. If I look out 5 years, I see significant growth over the next 5 years for that business just in the U.S. alone and it could even be longer. And then you say growth, planting the seeds we're planting in Canada, Australia, U.K. gives you confidence in growth for years to come even after that. So vertical penetration, expansion, I think there's a whole new world of things we can do in that entire employer space and HR space that is yet to be tapped. So I'm extremely bullish. It's been hell of a run for us since we bought that company 10 years ago. On the revenue side, on the profit side is converting the model from a BPO model to a data and analytics and insight model is remarkable. And it shows through, as you know, in the top line as well as the margin expansion. So I mean, it would not be farfetched to say that in a period of time, that may be our largest, most profitable business we have in the world.
Rick Smith: Right now, we're assuming that there is continued headwind around ACA. And if that changes, if there's no repeal and no replacement, obviously, that bodes well for the analytics business within EWS.
Rick Smith: And Shlomo, that's not new. We've had those partnerships for a long time. In many cases, long as my tenure here; in some cases like Russia where it's occurring since we've been there, but that's not a new phenomena for us.
Rick Smith: Yes, Jeff, it's largely a stabilization on DTC. And really, the slowness was not as geographic expansion in new geographies, but it might be taking products into new geographies and products into existing geographies. So to be honest, that was an execution mostly around NPI within GCS. But to your question, we do expect DTC to slow, stabilize in the fourth quarter. And again, the confidence level is very high that we'll be back in that range.
John Gamble: The big gap you saw in Q2 and Q1 between our performance and market performance, a chunk of it is trended data, right. So we had a nice growth from trended data, which started, as we said, in the third quarter of last year. And so part of that very wide gap is because of trended data revenue. But as Rick said, we'll still outperform the mortgage market as we go forward.
John Gamble: Actually, the biggest area was really consumer direct business and also some of the white label areas just didn't quite show the growth that we expected. And as Rick said, we didn't see the expanded growth through channels and geographies that we had expected we would see in the quarter, and that's just lower than we thought.
John Gamble: We also said that we're going to see for the last 9 months of 2017 growth in the high-single digits, so that includes the second quarter. And that high-single digit is at the high end of the range we indicated we'd see for Veda when we acquired them. So again, we feel very good.
John Gamble: But as an example, for the second half an employer we're expecting to see the whole employer business to grow nicely in the second half of the year, right. So kind of high single-digit range. So we've not only seen good growth in Verifier, we're seeing good growth in employer as well, and that's with a flat FWA business.
John Gamble: So minority interest generally scales with the performance of our International property because we have partners in many of our International properties around the world. So what you should see -- it doesn't tie perfectly because it -- obviously, the performance of different countries varies in any individual quarter. But in general, as you see, International growing more aggressively, you're going to see minority interest continue to go up as well. And we take that into account in our EBITDA calculation.
John Gamble: Absolutely. We have partners in multiple Latin American countries, in Spain, in Russia. So we have partners in many places around the world. Generally speaking, they have relatively small percentages, but yes, we have partners in many of our businesses around the world.
John Gamble: Well, the line item will expand in general as International does better, right, because the partnerships are broader than just Indesser, right. And the impact of minority interest is really driven by improvements in Argentina, in Chile, in Spain and in other parts of the world where we have Peru or where we have partners.
John Gamble: So we focus on different measures. So as we indicated, second quarter increase was down high-single digits and we'll probably try to variance off of that. Historically what you've seen is Equifax has outperformed the overall mortgage market by 5, 6, 7, 8 points, right. So that's kind of what the historical -- it looks like historically. It moves around quarter-to-quarter, but that's been historical move. Again, as we said, we've done much better than that for the past four quarters, and it's something that's because of trended data. Also you're seeing, as Rick mentioned, a continued improved penetration in Workforce Solutions, and that continues to drive outperformance relative to the mortgage market in general. And that, we believe, has legs for quite some time as well as new products continually being added by USIS.
John Gamble: Well, we indicated that we gave our growth rate for mortgage for all of Equifax, and we think we said up 13%, right. So I can confirm that's correct. And in terms of penetration for mortgage in the GCS, in the Workforce Solutions business, I think we believe we still have a long way to go, right. Our penetration continues to grow, but as we continue to add more records, the hit rate continues to go up substantially, so our opportunities to generate revenue off mortgage from the Workforce Solutions business is substantial.
John Gamble: The decline was specific to ACA analytics, right. Other than -- if you exclude the Workforce Analytics business, we had growth of over 5% and the remainder of Employer.
Richard Smith: Yes, let me start at a high level and drill down. Number one, if I had to prioritize a single highest growth prospect we have over the next three to five years, it's obviously The Work Number. We alluded to that, that we have had a record number of adds of employers and records to the database. We talked back, I think it was October of last year, that we had a short-term goal of getting 300 million records on that database. We have blown through that number and are over 320 million and we're on our way to 350 million. And you couple that with the penetration of different verticals, you penetrate it's get smarter in that arena and taking that then global. So Work Number is by far the number one area that I see for growth over the next five years in the U.S. and globally. Number two, obviously, NPI is always a very strong part of our growth, and that hits across many verticals and many countries. Categorically, we've talked about fraud being a very, very important market for us. We talked about InstaTouch just a second ago, and that hits all markets. Your comment on moving products around the country, we're getting better at that. That's a big part of what we are. It's cost efficient and it's effective to do. We'll continue to move things like our OSHA platform globally, Cambrian globally. Ignite will be another area in both direct and marketplace. It excites us as we port Cambrian worldwide. And oh yes, and debt services. Debt services. Interesting point in debt services, we tend to talk a lot, and there may be some questions today about Indesser. Debt Services in Indesser that the government in the UK has been a great growth driver for us. And interesting thing is over 50% of our revenue for debt services now comes from opportunities outside of Indesser and roughly 30% to 40% of it is outside of UK all together. We're deploying debt services now in virtually every country we operate around the world, and that's a great driver of growth this year, next year and beyond.
Richard Smith: It's a lot of it, Kevin. It's every vertical. We're excited. And to be very clear, we're excited about the opportunity to trend data. We're trending data right now in different verticals in different parts of the world. But every case has got a stand on its own merits. The KS list and the value you get. In auto, in a particular country, it got to stand on its own. The fact you've got a success in mortgage market has no real bearing on the adoption in that new vertical in that new country, but we're excited short term and long term about trended data.
Richard Smith: We don't break that out, but we play in both. That's what you need to know. So we are -- any time a car is financing, whether used we're there to play on verification of income, verification of employment and credit and credit score. So we're agnostic.
Richard Smith: Thank you, Andrew. Okay with that, operator, we will terminate the call. I appreciate everybody's time and interest in Equifax, and have a good day.
