Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Lee. Let me close briefly -- by briefly recapping the first half of the year and then share our general outlook for the second half, and I'll discuss some expectations specifically for the third quarter. By any measure, we had an outstanding first half of 2012, with 15% revenue growth and 21% adjusted earnings per share growth. This performance was well above our long-term growth targets, aided by, obviously, a strong mortgage refinancing market in the U.S. and strategic pricing initiatives, some operating leverage initiatives in the first half and obviously continued great execution against our growth strategies across all business units. As I kind of frame up the second half of the year for you, let me do this. Let's go back to our last earnings call. In the last earnings call, we talked about the total year coming in between 10% and 12% top line, with EPS growing at 2 to 3 points faster than that. Where are we today? We're now saying that our total year growth is slightly higher than that. Total year growth will be between 11% and 12%, with that same earnings per share acceleration of 2 to 3 points faster than the 11 to 12 points. So largely in line with what we talked about in the first quarter earnings call with slightly higher revenue. Why is that? As we sit here today, we now expect the mortgage refinancing market in the U.S. to be slightly stronger in the third quarter than we had anticipated on the last call. That'll give us a little more growth in the third quarter. Now also, as you look the balance of the year -- and by the way, we expect the mortgage market, as we did on the last earnings call, to start to decline in the fourth quarter of this year, getting more in line with our expectation of our budget, which is double-digit decline year-on-year. Also, as you think about the balance of the year, we're going to be comparing our revenue in the mortgage sector to a much stronger third and fourth quarter a year ago. So we expect the mortgage market to be, obviously, growing at a slower rate in the second half of the year than it did in the first half of the year. In addition, as we've mentioned before, we have now anniversary-ed some of our strategic pricing and operating initiatives that I've mentioned a few times. Consistent with this view and incorporating our second quarter actual results, our constant dollar full year outlook for individual business units has improved modestly. I'll go through those one by one now. We expect USCIS to deliver double-digit revenue growth at a slightly higher level than we thought previously. Workforce Solutions is now expected to deliver double-digit growth for the year versus our last call where we said upper single digit. Personal Solutions is also expected to deliver double-digit revenue growth for 2012. Commercial Solutions, where we've encountered a much tougher business environment than we originally anticipated, will likely be in the low single-digit range for the full year. International, when you exclude Brazil, should continue to deliver low double-digit growth in constant dollar growth for the year. And again, for the full year, we expect the company, when excluding Brazil, to grow top line between 11% and 12% and for adjusted earnings per share to grow the additional 2 to 3 points that we talked about. And again, this outlook assumes mortgage remains stronger and in the third quarter returns to the budget levels, which is down double-digit for the fourth quarter. For the third quarter, assuming current exchange rates and the continuation of the mortgage activity we experienced this past quarter, our outlook for revenue growth from continuing operations is between 9% and 11%, and adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.71 and $0.74 for the quarter. Finally, an important scheduling note is on December 6, we're going to be hosting an Investor Day. We’d love to have all of you come. We'll be at the New York Stock Exchange, as we did, hosted a few years ago, back in 2006 and '07. A lot more details to be forthcoming, but I wanted to give you a heads up now, so you can get this date on your calendar. So with that, operator, we'd like to open it up for questions for Lee and I.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. The -- remember the long-term goal and range we've for mortgage has been somewhere between, say, 14% and 20%. We're in that range. It's somewhere over 19% for the quarter, and of the total growth, over 6% of it comes from mortgage.
Richard F. Smith: George, I'll let Lee address that. Let me go back to one point I think it's important for those on the phone to really understand. There is no doubt that the mortgage refinancing market is a benefit to us. It's important to understand, though, it's not just the market environment itself. And you've seen the story from us for a number of years. We're out there developing a lot of new products in the mortgage market, products we never had before. Dann Adams over at the TALX team at Workforce Solutions is taking his team and penetrating new mortgage customers that we've never sold to before, gaining more share of new customers where he had lower penetration in the past. So it's not just the market itself. It's things we're doing to become a bigger, better player in the mortgage market. So it's a combination of market and us. It’s important that everyone understands that. Lee, you may want to address the leverage in USCIS.
Richard F. Smith: But Dan, I think it's also important to put it into context with the kind of -- we've given, which is our long-term models at the core non-mortgage organic growth to be between 6% and 8%. You can have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. I see no alarming trends anywhere. At 6.5%, that's clearly in the range we had expected, and I think you'll continue to expect to see that range going forward between 6% and 8% in the balance of this year and next.
Richard F. Smith: And Dan, these are consistent investments we've been making and talking about now for a few quarters. It's always important to put this into context, too. These are not a massive enterprise-wide, best-of-business kind of investments. They’re very targeted projects that will make us a better, more efficient business going forward.
Richard F. Smith: No, we’re seeing it. Auto is strong for us across the board, and going down market is a part of that contributor.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. It's -- it was old news. I love reading it so many times, so many different periodicals. It emanated, yes, I think maybe a month ago out of the, I think it was called the Columbus Dispatch, where it was first written. And what you see now is a number of different newspapers regurgitating the same story. It's nothing new.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. In the latter part, yes, we expect that to continue as I [indiscernible] on the guidance for the balance of the year. Trey and his team have done a marvelous job of understanding ARPU, positioning new products, building new products, understanding churn, reducing churn. They have got great operating metrics to run that business. Subs are on the rise, so it's a -- done a great job, and we expect it to continue.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I don't expect any significant market-based improvement. I expect a little bit of execution, some more benefits from new products, some projects that we didn't get in the first half of the year to come in the second half of the year. So it's going to be a modest improvement, but the expectation is we get back to low single digits, mid-single digits in the second half of the year.
Richard F. Smith: And Andrew, as we've said a number of times, I think it's always -- context is always important. At 25% margin, we're in the top quartile of the S&P 500 already. So it’s a balance of doing margin expansion and top line growth. And I think it's a good mix, good balance.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I think we have a proven capability as we experienced back in 2007, '08, and '09 to cut costs rapidly and leverage tools like LEAN. We truly have a world-class LEAN operation here, Julio, and there's a lot more juice to be had in LEAN across business units and COEs across the world. So God forbid, if we go back into a significant meltdown like we did in 2008, this team has proven they know how to cut costs, and they know how to deploy LEAN across the company. So we would do that again.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Actually, that's a great question. I think the key and the thing that's helped us thrive the last couple of years and to get through the recession before that is innovation. Our team is innovating. I think I mentioned in my opening comments, innovating extremely high level now on the NPI and the 4G, strategic pricing, bundling products. That's at an all-time high. And the challenge I gave the team now is now that you’re at kind of that best-in-class threshold, let’s recalibrate. And if 10% of revenue goes -- coming from products that didn't exist 4 years ago, is today's result, what should tomorrow’s goal be? And it's got to be something higher than 10%. So continuing that level of innovation and strategic pricing and bundling is key for us. The other thing, too, is to think about is we do have the benefit of having a diverse mix of customers, products, business units and geographies. And there's no doubt that's an advantage to us today and will be an advantage in the future as well.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, good question. I'll take that one. If you look at the core credit Marketing Services suite of products that we have and you exclude one particular customer, I’ll come back to that in a second, they actually displayed good core growth in the upper single digits for the quarter. We have one customer, who's been a good customer of ours for a number of years, who's taking a step back financially and trying to reassess their financial capability and where they want to deploy capital, and it slowed down dramatically their purchase of products. And I think that's going to probably last through the balance of this year as they get their financial house in order, Bill, and then they'll come back in 2013. So the core CMS business is actually doing quite well. We're seeing an uptick in card as an example when you think of acquisitions. So it's really focused on this one particular client who stepped back.
Richard F. Smith: We don't break that out, but it's important to make sure you understand, we talk about -- we're very proud what the team has done on pricing. And we always get better -- we talk about it being in millions of dollars significant every year. What we had this last year was a series of efforts, was very unique. And that unique large chunks of revenue that came through, I don't see that repeating, but we're always going to be out there thinking of bundling products, segmenting and ROI for our clients to make sure we maximize the price. We'll always get some but just not what you saw in the first half of this year and the second half of last year. So -- but we don't break that out specifically, Eric.
Richard F. Smith: No, the pricing initiatives that I referred to that were kind of unique, if you will, that were anniversary-ed are the U.S. Just what you're just seeing is a slight moderation in the macroeconomic environment around the world. But it’s still very healthy.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, what we’re doing with the work number is we’re working with the large banks and taking attributes off of the work number file or records and appending those to the credit file or the card issuers, and it's helping them make better decisions. So it's not entire work number that's appended. It attributes off of the work number file appended to the credit file, and then the card issuers are using that to make better decisions. It's really exciting.
Richard F. Smith: We're spending a lot of time with that group, with or partner TMG, with Boa Vista, with ACSP down there, up here. We're doing best practices sharing, trying to now build the product capability we built here, NPI, integrating systems, and getting out in the marketplace, making sure the marketplace understands the value of the 2, getting the data assets. So across the board, it's going well. Culturally, as you know, it's a long process to get a new culture up and running. But I’d say at this juncture, it's at our expectations from an integration perspective. As far as profitability -- let me back up. As far being received in the marketplace, David, the marketplace loves the idea of having a bigger, better, stronger, more viable competitor than we were separately. As far as financials and profitability, obviously, we don't consolidate that, so it's not fair for me to talk about their financials at this juncture.
Richard F. Smith: Well, there’s obviously an opportunity at some juncture to dividend back, and we own, as you know, 15% of the company. So I think at any case -- and Lee you can jump in. It’s a de minimis impact over the next -- where you're going to get the real impact is when we have the opportunity to increase our ownership from 15% to something far larger. But at 15%, a dividend back to us would be de minimis.
Richard F. Smith: Well, there's -- as you remember, there's no magical structure to it. It's our desire. It's their desire, they being TMG, to exit and our desire to enter. So there's no mathematical formula, there’s no predetermined timeline. When we think it's the right time and integration is fully complete and they think it's the right time from value, those negotiations will begin.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. No, when we append a work number, a series of attributes to the credit file, that revenue is recognized back at Workforce Solutions and Dann Adams’ business, not USCIS.
Richard F. Smith: No. The -- we always talk about trying to deliver 1 to 2 points of revenue growth coming from M&A strategic acquisitions. That's currently our look as well, so I -- no need to deviate from that. Our pipeline is strong around the world.
Richard F. Smith: And Steven, as I mentioned earlier, maybe you heard it's -- when you think of mortgage, you can't just think of mortgage as the market dynamics itself. USCIS is a great example. We're going to be launching new products routinely in the mortgage space that didn’t exist a couple of years ago, and that’s fueling a lot of the growth as well. So it's not just the market itself.
Richard F. Smith: No, not at all. There's -- as you might guess, we routinely look at market share, one business, lost business, price compression, price acceleration. No, it's just an overall more sluggish segment of our business than we had anticipated. But again, as I mentioned earlier, we expect that business for the total year to end up in the low single-digit growth. So we expect a better second half than we've seen in the first half.
Richard F. Smith: Absolutely. That's the financial model that we've thought through and built here and we communicated to our investors and to the sell-side guys. That's a -- through the combination of capital leverage and operating leverage that we get as a business, we should expect that 2% to 3% to continue for as far as the eye can see.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. I meant what I said. The -- I said a few quarters in a row now that the contributions of NPI are extremely broad based. It is not just every business unit. But specific to it -- to your question on international, it's every country. And international is running above 10%. You remember our goal was to get to 10% of revenue coming from products that didn't exist over the last 3 years. They're above that, so they're at the higher end and doing a great job. And that's why you're seeing growth in really tough economies like Iberia and the U.K. It's because of NPI, and the expectation is that continues.
Lee Adrean: Yes, George. In USCIS mortgage products, there's really 2 classes of products. One is we do sell credit reports through resellers to other providers who provide tri-merge reports. So when we get mortgage activity in that part, it’s high margin. We also have the tri-merge reporting and our settlement services where we have third-party expenses in our cost structure. Those are relative to our average lower margin. The average of those 2 runs about 50% incremental margins on mortgage, so part -- one of the reasons you're seeing good leverage even though a portion of our growth is mortgage-driven is we do get a slight pickup relative to our average margin when we're growing in mortgage. Obviously, the pickup is stronger when it comes in some of our other pure information offerings.
Lee Adrean: Yes. I think what you've seen is that our corporate expenses are up -- they're actually up quite a bit in the first quarter, and some of that was a timing consideration. We're up about $7 million year-over-year in the second quarter. Some of the same factors are going to play through the rest of the year. I think if you think of it as being up $5 million to $7 million a quarter over prior year, you're going to be in the right range.
Lee Adrean: Dan, if I refined it just slightly, it's probably about equally 6.5% mortgage, 6.5% core and 2% acquisition. But yes, you're in the ballpark.
Lee Adrean: Well, one thing we've talked about in prior quarters is one of the drivers of our year-over-year growth were some pricing and operating steps we took in the second quarter last year and that were greater than the typical. I mean, we're always pursuing those kinds of opportunities, but these were a couple of things that were greater than the usual scale and that we would be anniversary-ing those largely in the second quarter. And that is probably the biggest single impact.
Lee Adrean: Yes. We have stepped up our investment spending in a number of corporate initiatives, particularly infrastructure investments. We have just recently done a worldwide conversion in our HR information system to one common system. We are in the process of investing in upgraded billing and financial reporting systems and are continuing to make some investments in reducing the overall risk profile through some IT investments to strengthen our overall infrastructure. So...
Lee Adrean: Yes, Carter, I'll deal with the first part of that. The -- we are expecting roughly similar mortgage activity in the third quarter. But if you think back to last year, the third quarter was when mortgage activity really picked up. So the first half last year was very soft. The second half is very strong. So the key comparison in the third quarter is relatively consistent mortgage activity but a much more challenging comparable. That means the comp -- the contribution of growth will drop by, I would say, 1/3 to 1/2. In other words, instead of contributing a little over 6%, it's -- in a growth for the company in the second quarter, it'll be probably 3% to 4%. But that's one of the reasons, when you think about the step-down in revenue that we have led people to over the course of this year, some of it's because of the pattern of revenue growth last year.
Lee Adrean: Contribution of acquisitions in the third quarter, I think, is probably going to be closer to 1% than the 2% we reported.
Lee Adrean: No. I think one thing to keep in mind is that when we deconsolidated Brazil last year, we got a significant pop. So I think our outlook for this year reflects the fact that very strong margin improvement in the first half of the year is a result of those compares that still included the lower-margin Brazil business. And then I think we're really on trend over the next few years for that roughly 25-basis-point expansion. And one thing I'd point out, and you can really see it, we've had a couple of questions already this morning on the corporate line. We are making the kind of investments to create a platform as a company to support the kind of growth we think we can drive. Some of those investments are to drive that growth itself. Some of those investments are to create the foundation to support that growth. And to grow at the rate we think, we think the investment level we need is such that a margin expansion objective in the range of 25 basis points is the right objective.
Lee Adrean: And one thing specific, Julio, you may recall that our Employer Services or Tax -- particularly Tax Management component of our Employer Services business and Workforce Solutions grew at double-digit rates in the last downturn. It is very directly countercyclical. Obviously, the big drivers -- the strategic things we would do, but it certainly helps to have a $200-million line of business that's going to actually report stronger growth in that environment.
Lee Adrean: Yes. The unit volume and mix, well, the volume's up 9%, and our revenue per transaction on the specifically measured volumes was up 4%. We also had some benefits that get us up to the total 20% growth due to -- and some of the subscription revenue, some newer products that are priced on subscription basis, which are showing nice growth as well as some of our pricing shows up below the measured volume level.
Lee Adrean: Yes, the comment on dividend, of course, with the 15% ownership, we're accounting for that using the cost method. The only revenue or profit we would recognize is our share of dividends. And we don't anticipate material dividends in the near term. They have some continuing investment opportunities in the business, so we would expect probably likely until we buy up in our position that the contribution to P&L is de minimis.
Lee Adrean: I'm not sure there was any particular factor. I think we did see a little bit of a moderation in lending activity in the quarter. It is still -- obviously, still positive to last year but not quite as strong as the momentum we had coming into the year.
Lee Adrean: Mortgage is about 9% of online growth. Online was 20%. 9 points were mortgage. We -- as I said, some of the pricing and operational improvements that contributed were in the low single digit. What I would describe as kind of core growth was around 7%, and that's kind of a combination, roughly half and half between some new products and new customers versus just market growth.
Lee Adrean: Andrew, one thing I would point out. You phrased the question in terms of 6% to 8% core growth, or organic growth, and 2 to 3 points of leverage on top of it. Of course, our model is 6% to 8% organic, on average, 1 to 2 of acquisition, plus 2 to 3 points on top of it. If we didn't do any acquisition, we'd get a greater -- we'd add that same growth through share repurchases instead of acquisition.
Lee Adrean: I would say the tax rate for the year is probably between 36% and 37% but not the 35% of the second quarter.
Lee Adrean: Right now, I would say that I would tell you, if anything, the pressure on tax rate is probably slightly upward. States are looking for ways to add revenue, and many times, it's not major legislation and changes in tax rates but things they allow, disallow. And frankly, we're seeing the same from our friends in Washington. There's not been any major tax legislation but, boy, are they trying to disallow certain things that have been done in the past.
William A. Warmington: I wanted to ask a couple of questions about the online CIS. You mentioned that the revenue per unit, I think, was up 4%. I just wanted to ask for some color there in terms of unit volume and mix.
William A. Warmington: Got you. Okay. And then I wanted to ask also if you could talk a little bit about the dynamic you're seeing in the consumer financial products market in terms of what's happening on the demand side that you referenced around the consumer side and then also from the bank's point of view, the supply side in terms of wanting to put out those products in this environment.
William A. Warmington: Got you. And then I just wanted to ask how the NCTUE+ database was doing, how those sales were going.
Andrew W. Jeffrey: Rick, you talk about, this year, EPS growing 2 to 3 points faster than revenue. When we look at all the puts and takes for the long term of tax rate, share repurchase, et cetera, do you think that relationship is sustainable? I mean, if you're putting up the 6% to 8% revenue growth that you talk about core, that earnings should be growing 2, 3 points faster than that.
Andrew W. Jeffrey: Okay, yes. I'm just thinking about all the factors that can affect EPS in aggregate, just trying to triangulate to the sustainability of that. And tax rate was a bit of a tailwind in the second quarter. Should we think about the full year as still being around that 37% rate? I mean, the guidance maybe implies that the tax rate bumps back up in the second half.
Andrew W. Jeffrey: Sure. So that's -- and that's probably the go-forward tax rate, somewhere between 36% and 37% as we look out into future periods as well.
