Richard F. Smith: Thanks, John. I'll quickly summarize before we go to questions. As we look at 2015, we expect the U.S. mortgage market will move from a headwind to slightly positive year-on-year. We could discuss that in detail during the Q&A. We expect, however, FX will continue to represent a headwind for both revenue and EPS throughout the year. The guidance I will provide is organic growth only at this time. However, as the year unfolds, I would anticipate adding to our overall growth rate through some M&A. With that and based upon the current level of domestic and international business activity and current FX rates, we expect 2015 revenues to be between $2.550 billion to $2.6 billion. This reflects constant-currency organic revenue growth of 7% to 10% in 2015, which is up from a 4% growth rate in 2014. The strong revenue growth is partially offset by what we anticipate to be 2 to 3 points of negative impact from FX. And again, this reflects organic growth at this time. At current FX rates, we expect adjusted EPS to be between $4.20 and $4.30 per share. Excluding the $0.12 per share negative impact from FX at the current rates, this reflects 11% to 14% growth in 2015, which is beyond the upper end of our range of the long-term model we have for growth, which is 10% to 13%. This guide is consistent -- the revenue growth is consistent with the long-term business model for organic growth. We also expect our 2015 operating margin to be up over 27%, which is up nicely from the 26.5% in 2014. Also, our priorities for capital allocation have not changed. We remain committed to our dividend policy of 25% to 35% of adjusted net income, reinvesting in our business with CapEx in the range of $75 million to $100 million and continuing our acquisition focus. Given our strong cash flow and conservative debt leverage, absent any major acquisitions, we intend to continue our current significant level of stock buyback activity. And finally, we anticipate the tax rate for the year to be between 35% and 36%. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to be between $632 million and $642 million, reflecting constant-currency organic growth rate of 11% to 13%, and this will be partially offset by 2 to 3 points of FX headwind. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.00 and $1.03, which is up 12% to 16%. Excluding $0.02 per share of negative impact from FX, this reflects 15% to 18% organic growth. And also for the first quarter, we expect operating margin to finish over 27%, which is up over 100 basis points from 2014. So with that, operator, if you could please open it up for any questions our audience might have.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, Dann has done a hell of a job there and his team, David, not only taking the traditional path to adding Work Number records, but being very innovative with things like the ACA platform with different partners out there, and we're seeing an acceleration at the rate at which we're adding records. The total database ended the year well over 250 million, the active database well over 60 million. We -- as I mentioned in my opening comments, over 4,300 companies now are contributing. That's growing at a rapid clip every year. I see no reason we can't get the active records up over 100 million records in the database, in total over 300 million. And as I've always said before, both add value. The historical records, as I've mentioned on the CMS talk a few minutes ago, is a great source of revenue, and elsewhere, and you obviously know the value of the active records. And the significance of getting that database -- continuing to drive it, obviously, is incremental revenue. Every time you add a record, you get a hit, you get X amount of dollars. But as you continue to go from 30 million active to 40 million to 50 million to 60 million to 70 million, the viability that database has in high-transaction volume verticals is greatly enhanced. So we're making great progress in places like credit card, automotive, insurance as some examples.
Richard F. Smith: I don't expect a significant mix change in 2015 versus 2014, David. What you're seeing on volume is great growth in places like KCP. Again, I mentioned before, those are our 8 most strategic, larger, more complex customers that we deal with, bank and nonbank. That was great growth last year. I expect that to continue in 2015. Automotive, I think I mentioned up 17%, 3x the market growth, that will continue. There's another dynamic, David, going on, which may be of be interest to everyone here, and that is kind of a shift, which is influencing the online activity. A shift for what we call prospect data feeds, which used to reside or does reside in our business called CMS. And what customers used to do is take this mass mailing to try to target people. What we're seeing our customers want to do now more is up-sell, cross-sell current customers at the point of sale. So what you're seeing is kind of a decline in the CMS prospect data feeds and an increase in prescreened, which is an online activity. That occurred last year. I expect that trend to continue to occur in 2015.
Richard F. Smith: Greg, as you might know, the first quarter tends to be the slowest quarter for us and it tends to ramp throughout the year. It's a little stronger in the fourth quarter versus the other three. What you're seeing in the first quarter is a couple of factors. You mentioned one, yes, you follow the 10-year treasuries, you follow the interest rates and the mortgage applications are up in the first quarter. Our expectation, Greg, as I said in my opening comments, is we expect overall mortgage for the year to be a modest tailwind versus last year. You could see a little strength in the first quarter and then kind of dissipating as we go to second, third and fourth quarters. So mortgage is a little bit of a help in the first quarter. But beyond that, the number of wins we had last year across-the-board, that could be ACA or EWS and that could be automotive in USIS, a large direct-to-consumer win we talked about back in the third quarter is monetizing itself in the first quarter. So think about it as being overall great execution by the BU leaders, which is driving the first quarter growth rate at a higher level than we'd normally see, combined with some help from the mortgage market.
Richard F. Smith: I believe in the team. I believe in Trey. I think they've got a good strategy. It's a four-pronged strategy, which I laid out in the third quarter, which is, number one, to manage the core. Freemium's here to stay, no matter what. It's here to stay. So number one, he's got to manage his core business to the best of his ability, which is managing ARPU, managing churn, which they're doing. They've got great metrics. We've invested heavily in a new platform, we're calling it Renaissance [ph] within PSol, which enables them to launch products at a faster rate, better user interface and experience for the customer. Number two, he's got to leverage the headcount of his indirect model. We bought a company called TrustedID who's doing that. I mentioned $25 million worth of annual contracts that are in the pipeline, either closed or being negotiated right now. Number three, he's got to leverage everything he's doing, which is great in the U.S., to accelerate growth in Canada and the U.K. and take it to Latin America. Number four, he's in the process of developing his own free model. If you believe free is here to stay, which I do, why abdicate that responsibility to others? We're going to find a way to participate ourselves. So if he does that -- think about this as you think about building your models. Think about 2015 kind of being a transition year where performance improves throughout the year and 2016 and beyond is when we move back in that long-term growth model I communicated, which is mid- to upper-single-digit growth rates with mid- to upper-20% margins.
Richard F. Smith: You've got a couple of questions there, Ryan. I gave -- just gave the overall growth, so I think it was a portfolio with 4 different levers that we have in PSol, and that's going to be the mid- to upper-single digit. I think what you're going to see over time is a low-single-digit growth for the core legacy business and faster growth in the indirect business and faster growth in the International segments and the freemium model over time. So right now, the indirect channel is a smaller piece of the total, but one of the fastest-growing pieces of the total. And that was -- that -- our capabilities are greatly enhanced. We bought TrustedID, whenever it was, 12, 18 months ago.
Richard F. Smith: Great questions. Think about the strategy -- the growth strategy in EWS on 4 dimensions, and they're all equally important. Number one is increasing the size of the database at the fastest rate we possibly can, so going from 67 million to 70 million this year, 70 million to 100 million records. That is an enormous -- you know the math, Andrew. That's an enormous growth lever in and of itself. Number two is taking The Work Number assets to either new verticals or deeper into existing verticals. We are at the early stages, for example, in automotive. It is booming for EWS, but it's very early stages. So we need to penetrate that market deeper, faster, so on and so forth, same with credit card. So more verticals and deeper in the current verticals we participate in. Number 3, it is taking analytics to a new level. I think I talked -- I can't remember the exact numbers now, Andrew, but I talked about 40% to 50% growth in analytics. It's remarkable what we've done. And it's meaningful, I'm not going to disclose the numbers, but it's meaningful dollars to the corporation, let alone to EWS, what they have done the last couple of years in analytics. And again, that's early days as well. The fourth one, which we don't talk about a lot, but is very, very important, this is kind of my fault from years ago. When we look at the employer size -- you've got The Work Number, which is the verification side, as you know, and all the other great suite of products we have, unemployment claims, tax credit, compliance center, so on and so forth. Our mentality for years, we've owned this asset for 8 years now, it's hard to believe, but to be totally honest with you today, asset is only there to protect the core Work Number. That's kind of a tough way to wake up every morning, thinking I'm here to protect. So Dann and I, a couple of years ago, decided to change the mentality. They were bringing a great new leader in Scott Collins and really changed the culture, the capabilities and the mindset to growth. So they've gone from a just project, which means you have probably negative growth to flat, to now a business that will grow for us even though things like unemployment claims are at historical lows. So that's how I think about EWS, on those 4 levers. And as far as the organic growth in 2015, yes, I think I may have mentioned, I expect their growth rate in 2015 to once again be a stellar and it will be all-organic, stellar growth and meaningful margin expansions once again.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, let me tackle it from 2 angles, one is kind of strategic capabilities, another one will be verticals. On strategic capabilities, clearly, 2 significant growth drivers that we have experienced and will experience going forward. One is the -- what we call Decision 360, Andrew, which you're aware of. Now we have all these unique data assets. What Rudy has done is built this thing called the office or the connector. We've invested in systems. We have invested in prototyping capabilities that enable us now to take these unique data assets, pull them together and make it so much easier and faster for our customers to consume. That is really disrupting the marketplace. I think I mentioned that our top 100 clients are now consuming 3 products on average, our top KCP accounts are 4.5 to 5 products. So Decision 360, leveraging all these unique assets, is one huge strategic enabler. Number two is about 18 months, 2 years ago, we changed the organizational structure to a concept we call enterprise-wide, which is Rudy owns the relationship with all these large clients. So he takes all these unique assets and brings all those assets to the customers. That simplification of go-to-market strategy has helped. As far as verticals, that, I think, offers significant opportunity for core organic growth. Obviously, KCP, I mentioned significant growth last year. They will continue this year. Tom Madison's team have done a great job. Telco, we're uniquely positioned there. We have very unique data assets. Auto, we're growing at multiples of the market itself. In the midterm, I'd say -- what we're saying is a rebound in the home equity market. I think we talked about that last year. That will benefit Dann as well as Rudy. And I think that's a multiyear growth lever for us not just for 2015.
Richard F. Smith: It's interesting. It'll have a positive influence on margin, and I don't think that's from a pricing perspective. If you think about the margin -- and there's different buckets or categories of mortgage. As you know, prime [ph] mortgage may be a little less profitable than the online. But in general terms, an improving mortgage market does help the margins in USIS and helps the margins in EWS.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, Nick, if I could take your question and maybe just expand it a bit because there are a couple of geographies I'm particularly proud of outside the U.S. and the growth, and you mentioned one, which is Canada, but the other is U.K. I mean, as a troubled economy, it's growing double digit as you exit the year. Another's Spain. I mean, let's go look at Spain. If you look at Spain, we're growing almost double digit there as we exit the year. It's just remarkable. Those 3 countries, which are not booming economies, by any means. Canada is a commodity-based economy, they're starting to slow. So the core you are seeing there -- or the reasons you're seeing the growth in Canada, to answer your question, as well as U.K. and Spain, is the same set of strategic initiatives we have across the company, it's innovation, it's building new products, it's taking products to market faster. It's driving analytics. It's leveraging Fraud and ID. So the core strategies important to Rudy Ploder and important to Dann Adams in EWS and Trey Loughran in PSol are the same initiatives that Paulino and his team in Canada, U.K. and Spain are driving.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. So remember, ACA, you think about under 3 buckets. There is the contractual -- the contract we have at CMS. We think we've talked about it before that we'd expected last year to end the year slightly above the minimum guarantee, that's kind of what occurred, and that will accelerate, by the way, as I mentioned in my comments, in 2015. The second bucket of revenue that was definitely additive to growth was the analytics side of ACA, which we talked about, 227 accounts. Probably going to grow something like 40%, 50% this year. And the third bucket was ACA revenue growth, which I did mention in my comments, too, Nick is, every time you sell an ACA on the platform -- not every time, most times, to a company, they've got to give us their Work Number records, and many times those are Work Number records we never had before. So once we get them into the database, it's a reoccurring monetization. So all 3 of those had some assistance in fourth quarter 2014 and will accelerate in 2015.
Richard F. Smith: Well, for us, as I mentioned in my comments, we expect the company to move to a margin level of over 27% in 2015. For us to attain that, every business has got to move in the right direction, including USIS. So I expect USIS margins to continue to expand. That's just the beauty of their model, of International's model, of EWS' model, the variable cost -- the fixed cost is so high. Yes, I'd expect the margins to increase.
Richard F. Smith: It's more of the latter. It's -- I'm glad you asked the question, Brett. As we look at 2015, John and I and the BU leaders are very optimistic for the year. But to take those kind of growth rates and extrapolate those for the balance of the year, I think, is imprudent at this time. There's a lot of uncertainty where the 10-year treasuries go, what happens in Ukraine, what happens in Russia, what happens in the European economy, what happens in Greece. So not knowing or not having the clarity of what's going to happen on the macro perspective for the second, third and fourth quarter, I think it'd be imprudent to be too optimistic in the forecast we've given you now. The other thing, too, is, as I've mentioned, the forecast is largely all organic. And our philosophy is when you have a big deal like the one we won at TDX, one, getting the company integrated; and two, throwing all of the resources [ph] to get those multiyear couple of hundred million dollar opportunity up and running is the full focus of International team and of our M&A team, which is intimately involved in that. So we're kind of taking our gas -- or foot off the gas on the M&A. We'd expect that to pick up, and as I said before, in the second half of the year.
Richard F. Smith: No, to address one thing, which I'm glad you brought it up. Even though we don't disclose it anymore, our Commercial business ended the year with their highest growth rate of the year in the fourth quarter. So when you look at drag, which specific line are you looking at? CMS? Online? What are you looking at when you referenced...
Richard F. Smith: The only one thing that I think, John talked about it a little bit, is the fact that you have a big chunk of the business, CMS, that was flat and that impacts USIS in bulk [ph].
Richard F. Smith: Obviously, I'll stay at a high level, Shlomo, but you hit it on the head. We have the potential capacity to do a lot of midsized deals or some significant deals. I don't see this happening in 2015. You know my philosophy. You can only do so many large deals at a time. You want to make sure that they're operating at a level that our shareholders expect. Since I've been here in 10 years, we've done TALX, CMS, now TDX. So right now, all of our energy is really getting TDX up and running as a core business and getting us through the acquisition -- or this new win we announced up and running. So you'll see us doing deals this year, but you'll see us doing more mid- to small-sized deals. I just don't see that large, transformational deal front and center for this year. Plus, I don't really see the need to have to do a large deal this year.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, the answer is absolutely yes. And I alluded to it at very high level in my comments. We overwhelmed, in a positive way, I'd say, TDX on the integration front the second half of last year and really accelerated through the fourth quarter last year. We have supportive [ph] forecasting models down. We understand different variables. I'm very pleased with where Paulino and Andy Bodea from the operations perspective are. We've moved people over to Nottingham to assist and we are expecting double-digit growth from TDX in 2015, excluding any lift from that large deal we won in December.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, there are 2 strategies. If you just take and bifurcate the freemium into the 2 buckets, one is the organic path, which means different level of advertising, different type of advertising. And the other is the build with some sort of capability through M&A. We're looking at both. But Shlomo, I talked to the team about that and I think they get it as well. You talked about cannibalization. If we don't do something, those that exist in the marketplace will, in fact, cannibalize that for us. I would rather have our own product, which would be a high-margin product, cannibalize our core legacy business than give it to someone else. So it's a matter of fact. Over some period of time, the freemium model, I think, is going to be the dominant model. And it's either we find a way to participate ourselves or you get out altogether, I'm not going to do that. So there'll be some cannibalization, but it'd be [indiscernible].
