Richard Smith: Thanks, Lee. Just a quick recap and we'll go to some Q&A. In 2011, if you think about this, the year-over-year revenue growth should be relatively consistent each quarter throughout 2011, when compared to 2010. For the first half of the year, we will continue the strategic investments we began in the second half of 2010 that I mentioned before. We expect operating margins to begin the year at levels similar to the second half of 2010 because of those strategic investments. However, we expect that they will improve nicely as we exit 2011.  For the first quarter of 2011, assuming the current exchange rates, we expect revenue from continuing operations to be up 6% to 8% from a year-ago quarter. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.56 and $0.59, that is up 6% to 11% from continuing operations versus the first quarter of 2010. Let me refresh everyone's memory. As you know, we sold a few businesses last year. Those businesses sold contribute $0.03 of cash EPS earnings last year that are not continuing in 2011. Therefore, another way to look at it is cash EPS from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2010 was $0.53 a share. And again, we're targeting $0.56 to $0.59 a share this year. We have great confidence in the long-term health and growth of Equifax. Our disciplined execution and strategic investments should enable us to consistently deliver multiyear revenue growth in the 6% to 9% range with another one to three points of growth in adjusted EPS, resulting from operating and financial leverage. Okay, operator, we'd like to now open it up for any questions that they might have.
Richard Smith: Yes, I think, quarter-over-quarter. There's nothing unusual occurring that drives a sequential delta in International. It's more seasonality and nuances than anything. So, Carter, there is no flags of concern there at all. On the investments, we talked about a number of investments. We talked, I think last time, of adding something like 143 to 145-ish to Brazil alone on the front end of the business. We're also investing in other Latin American operations. We're investing in the U.K., as well, significantly, and almost all those investments are, again, sales, marketing and product management. So what I said earlier, Carter, as it relates to margin. That investment start in the fourth quarter of 2010, so you saw that reflect in the margins in the fourth quarter. That will continue through the first quarter and maybe the first month or two of the second quarter, and then we're done with that surge of investment. So the margin outlook I gave you, which is the first half of 2011, should look much like, in aggregate, the back end of 2010 and then improve nicely as we exit 2011.
Richard Smith: As I think about mortgage, it's an important sector for us. We are uniquely positioned to serve there, unlike anyone else. We have got the employment data, we got the income data, we got the settlement services offering, got the credit file. So it's important to us. And while the mortgage is going to be cyclical. It's obviously, as an industry, is a bit depressed at the current time. It's always going to be an important part of the bank. So it's important to us to continue to innovate and think about how we can help banks in the mortgage sector. Great example is the launching, I think we talked about it, of undisclosed debt monitoring, a really cool product. But all the banks are concerned about, make sure they understand how much debt you have from the time they -- first on [ph] until the time they close and if there's any debt you've actually taken on that's underscored at the time of the initial underwriting. That's just one of many examples of how we're trying to innovate in mortgage. To answer your question specifically, we talked about mortgage being in the teens as a percent of our total revenue, it continues to be in that range. I don't expect it long term. Even though we're innovating and growing at the rate faster than the MBA. I don't expect the mix as a percentage of total to be disproportionate or much different than the mid-teens kind of range because we're going to grow our non-mortgage products, as well.
Richard Smith: Yes, we don't expect it. But the mortgage refinancing and the mortgage boom we saw in the third quarter has already - it's started to slow. It started slow and then late third quarter, early fourth quarter. We're not expecting a strong mortgage market environment in 2011.
Richard Smith: I think he's doing a great job. Bill Canfield has been there for like a year as a consultant for him, he's helping him adjust. Dann has brought his passion, his energy, his leadership. And most importantly, he's brought his knowledge of USCIS. He and Rudy are working very, very well together on building new products, making joint calls, moving people around, so we can leverage the strength of both USCIS and the TALX product offering. So it’s making a big difference. We're accelerating new product innovation there. He's taking his analytical mindset, Carter, which is something we really have looked at in the past in taking the analytics that have really helped us in USCIS and the rest of the world and now deploying those rapidly at TALX as well. So he's done a great job.
Richard Smith: Maybe I should clarify something. I didn't say it will be lower. I don't expect the first half of 2011 to be lower than the second half of 2010. I expect it to look very much like that and then exit at a stronger rate in the second half. And to answer your question, yes, I would expect us to get year-on-year margin increase 2011 versus 2010 and continuing that in 2012 and beyond.
Richard Smith: Nothing unusual. You're seeing a modest price compression on the data. Very, very, modest compression. Actually flat pricing on the online in 2010.
Richard Smith: Let me start with the first part of your question, which is mortgage. And I kind of hit it a little bit earlier, Julio. And that is I expect innovation to allow us to drive share gain in mortgage. We have done it with ESS or we have done it with other new products. We have done it with TALX. We have done it with undisclosed debt monitoring. We launched a team, Julio, a growth team with I think it was roughly 9% or 10% of our best and brightest last year. We took them off the their jobs full time for about a month and had them go look at the mortgage market. So what else can we do in the mortgage market to add value and serve our customers in ways we haven't served before? And they came back with some amazing ideas, one of which was the UDM, but many more beyond that. So that innovative thinking about how we can add value in mortgage will enable us to grow mortgage even though the market is going to probably not be cooperative in 2011. On the online piece, the core consumer credit, you look may at it that way, what I expect there is continuing to take our product and our offerings to new verticals and do things we haven't done before. I'm really bullish on, as I mentioned before, this new database. We have a new positive telco and utility data. I expect us to make headways, by the way, in the big banks. We're doing that now at J.P. Morgan Chase, Citi, Bank of America and Wells. We got our new structure launched last year. We talked last year about delving into insurance, that’s great successes there leveraging the Decision 360 and some insurance customers. So a lot of innovation and ways to grow the core consumer credit in ways we haven't before. Specific to the environment of consumer credit, I expect it, again as I said earlier, to modestly improve in 2011 over 2010. We're seeing a slight uptick in our CMS Prescreen business. We're seeing a nice uptick in our portfolio management. We'd like to eventually think that the CMS prescreen uptick leads to more online. Kind of muted right now, but we'd expect that to pick up in 2011.
Richard Smith: One, they're cautious but becoming modestly more aggressive in getting back into the market. But still cautious.
Richard Smith: Well, the one I would say -- I don't have the exact data in front of me, so maybe I'll give you my quick reaction. The general answer is, yes. I expect margin expansion continuing in USCIS; margin expansion continuing in TALX; compression, because they invested, in International, at the first half of the year and accelerating in the second half. But one's that's really I would expect to probably have a little compression, just because it's abnormally high, is PSol. PSol on the fourth quarter, at almost 31%, is high. And that ebbs and flows, as you know, Dan, with marketing expenses. And so there's some cyclicality to that, as well. But generically, yes, USCIS expansion, TALX expansion, a little compression in PSol, a little compression in International.
Richard Smith: Dan, the one thing I didn't give you clarity on when you asked me the question on margin, I told you the USCIS should expect margin expansion next year, TALX expansion next year, modest compression of PSol just because of the marketing spend. And one I did not mention was Commercial. Commercial, you should also see nice margin expansion in 2011.
Richard Smith: Well, Andrew, I don't expect a significantly improving employment environment in the first quarter, to be honest. We expect first quarter, in fact the first half, to look much like the fourth quarter 2010 looked. Secondly, we had a nice one up in the mortgage market in 2010. That's already started to moderate a bit, and I expect that to continue. So I still am very bullish. We got great new products out there, Dann’s doing some great things. So it could be a great growth business for us with expanding margins for as far as I can see.
Richard Smith: That's a great question. Look at this, when we break out the model and you think about the core economic growth, you think about products and initiatives and then you think about M&A. The core economic growth is probably in the 1% to 3% range, product and initiatives around three points of growth and then M&A 1, 2 points on top of that over time.
Richard Smith: Thank you for the commentary on IXI. We're very pleased with it, not just a great quarter but a great year, culturally, process-wise, leadership-wise, they grew and integrated well into the company, which is great. And the combination of IXI data, the TALX data and the credit data is really making a difference in the marketplace with improvements, so thank you for noticing that. As far as acquisitions go, Andrew, we got a strong balance sheet. I don't depend on acquisitions for our growth. Some neat assets out there we always look at in all parts of the world. Geographical expansion is always interesting. Strengthening our current international footprints is always interesting to us, more data assets. More in the area of IT management is intriguing, so the opportunity for M&A is good for us today. As far as lag or time line from the time we acquire, it really varies, but some of them [ph] we actually buy. My view is you buy a company that’s already got great internal organic [indiscernible] because the synergies you get do take some time before you can actually realize those.
Richard Smith: Great point. You're right. We grandfathered rapid reporting. I think it was in the third and fourth quarter last year. You're right.
Richard Smith: Let me start at a little higher level, come quickly down to Brazil and the target markets there. So the investments we've made are in the U.K., countries outside of Brazil, in Latin America and in Brazil itself, not just Brazil. But specifically in Brazil, I talked to 140-some-odd people last time. The majority of those or in the SMEs we're also in telcos and the banks, as well.
Richard Smith: Well, we got those metrics, Michael, not [ph] on top of my head, specifically for Brazil. But if you're interested in that, Jeff, reach out to [ph] on that after the call. We have a very detailed plan that we laid out and treated much like you treat CapEx investment, Michael, if you will. Before we decided to make that kind of investment in Brazil, there was a return on investment that we have. So we have some metric price sales Jeff will get you offline.
Richard Smith: Our targeted contribution over a long period of time from new products to revenue is 10% of our revenue comes from product launched in the last three year. We call that a vitality index. It's a rolling three-year look, Eric, and you may have some ebbs and flows. If you have a particularly large product launch one year, it doesn’t repeat three years down the road. In general terms, our objective clearly is 10% from new products.
Richard Smith: We continue to look at that as you might guess routinely on our three-year planning process. But at this junction, no, I don't see a need or desire to disclose of any other piece of the portfolio at this time.
Richard Smith: No, I gave you some thinking, that as you think about the year-on-year comparison as far as the growth year-on-year, quarter-to-quarter, it’s going to look fairly similar each quarter. So it's not expected to have a ramp up as it relates to comparative growth versus 2010.
Richard Smith: I'll answer it this way. We have the ability, the balance sheet, the wherewithal to make investments as we did make investments for growth. So you’ll always see us making the right investments in CapEx, organic growth and people. However, as it relates to margins, kind of the heart of your question, as I said before, this business model has the ability to deliver incremental margin and deliver the 24% to 26% margin over time. That's the path we’re on. Even if we do decide to make incremental investments in organic growth.
Richard Smith: Great question, Shlomo, and very direct. I would like to think as we exit 2011 we're getting very close to that number and clearly at that number in 2012.
Richard Smith: I don't think it's seasonality. We had a strong growth in the account management piece of CFMS, which was great. And you saw a pickup in the prescreen as well, but some more of those event any kind of seasonality.
Richard Smith: The trends are positive, and the hope is that they obviously, the prescreen pick up eventually it will pick up in the online.
Richard Smith: On the seasonality, there's a piece to that business that is strongly back-end loaded, meaning down in [ph] fourth quarter. And as a result, the revenue tends to be higher in the fourth quarter than the prior three quarter, and as a result incremental margins there, some margins is expanded in the fourth quarter versus the first three. As far as the environment itself, the team is doing a great job, we’re gaining share on commercial going obviously at a faster rate than the market itself. So the growth prospects for commercial are great going forward.
Richard Smith: If you're being specific, there are so many things we have going on in innovation and new products, as you know. If your question is specific to the positive telco utility database and IV [ph], the answer is, yes, in 2011.
Richard Smith: Well, generically, it is expected in this environment that the private equity firms are obviously flushed with cash and getting back into the market. But where we tend to be more successful is when we are not on an auction process, but we are actually cultivating relationships with people we've known and have worked with and establish net [ph] relationship and partnership in volume, like TALX as an example. IXI is a great example of that. Anakam is a great example of that. Some more international properties [ph] is a good example of that. So generically, PE is expected to be more aggressive going forward. That's kind of our model.
Richard Smith: The benefit we get from Anakam, as I mentioned before, is they have a strong -- this is in the U.S. anyways, they have a strong working knowledge of the government sector in the U.S. They've got strong relationships there and a strong revenue stream. So we trying to leverage that in the U.S. We do a fair amount in the public sector in the U.K., as well. That's a good market for us. So the answer is yes. I don't see it as significantly changing our revenue for the product going forward, but we'll leverage Anakam, there’s strength there, and we'll continue to build out products in the U.K.
Lee Adrean: Yes, we've commented for several quarters that a portion of the emerging margin pressure in International, they come from online services in several countries being under pressure. And we were offsetting that with newer marketing services, true in the U.K. with pressure on consumer lending there, true in Spain with pressures there, true on specific sectors in Brazil and Chile as well. And we've done a great job of bringing other products to market to offset that, but not with quite as strong a margin structure as online. And we've said that for several quarters. That continues to be an issue. I think right now the greater issue is the investments we're making in reestablishing a higher rate of growth in International. I think the margin, the product mix is leveling out.
Lee Adrean: Yes, there are a couple of other revenue sources in the online business that usually move pretty much in line with the rest of online. But periodically it can cause a little bit of distortion if you simply look at transactions versus total online revenue. When we look at it, we break it down into the individual lines and get very precise. If you look purely at the online credit report business, unit revenue was flat year-over-year.
Lee Adrean: I would say on that, the key thing over the -- frankly, a good part of the last two years is if you take that measure, aggregate measure, average unit revenue has been up a number of quarters over the last two years, which has been predominantly a mix-related issue among different customer sets. We expect, going forward, that that mix is not going to be helping us further. In fact, some of the larger lenders who have become a slightly smaller portion of our mix in the last two years is they retrenched the most significantly are more likely to get a little more aggressive. So I think what you'll likely see is a return to the traditional pattern of slight reported average unit revenue declines year-over-year.
Lee Adrean: First, just a quick comparison. The $100 million of CapEx in 2010 included $29 million to buy out the lease on our building, our headquarters building, which was actually announced -- the intention to do that was announced in 2009, but the actual cash payment was in 2010. So we're in the low 70s. And we think the range from the 70s into the 90s is about at an appropriate, sustainable range, which you're right. The bulk of that is new product-oriented. So it's development staff and the software development related to new products, and then secondarily, it's the equipment to accommodate growth and then the new products. And that's a very comfortable range for us.
Lee Adrean: No, I think we would expect the comparable contributions as a percent of revenue and a comparable contribution to incremental growth in '11 or '10.
Lee Adrean: Well, 2011, as I said, we're looking at kind of mid-single-digit percentage growth, which is a slightly more than inflation but less than revenue, and it really is kind of what I would describe as normal business growth at this point.
Lee Adrean: One thing I would note, we had I think it was 30% growth in that segment, generally, CFMS in total. Some of that was still affected by the addition of IXI. I think of the traditional Credit Marketing Services as having grown at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter. What was it, pretty low base? And then very strong growth in IXI, as we've really seen, what we expected when we acquired that business. In total I think that that line of revenue kind of could grow in the very low double digits, respectively, as you truly anniversary-ed IXI now, but you're still seeing a much better environment for a Credit Marketing than we saw a year ago.
Lee Adrean: Within our free cash flow, if you take it as I defined, which is cash from operations, less CapEx, less dividends, obviously, free cash flow is after we've already funded organic growth to the fullest extent of the opportunities we have. And that reflects a dividend, that's got a dividend yield just slightly under 2% now. The remaining cash flow is going to go to a mix of acquisition, share buyback, debt reduction, we're very comfortable with where we are. We're a little bit at the lower end of our range on debt leverage. So first, we're going to look at acquisitions, and if we have the right acquisitions that add strategically to what we do and we believe we can get a good return, that's going to be the first priority. And at the current level of leverage, the remainder after acquisition would go to share repurchase.
Lee Adrean: Yes, as I think Rick has stated, we're kind of at -- we have made some important investments in our business right now. I think the direct implication of what he said is we're not going to increase from this level. If anything, we'll come off this level a little bit as we work through some key investments internationally. And with that being said, yes, it's somewhere as we cross over about 4% you'll start seeing some margin expansions.
Lee Adrean: Yes. Essentially, no. I mean, it's hard to impact the current quarter with share buybacks and certainly in a quarter where our cash flow was the lowest of the year because of some seasonal balance sheet items. It really couldn't affect the first quarter earnings per share. Our guidance is really based on the progress of the business.
