Rick Smith: Yes, thanks Gary. I will take a crack at that, this is Rick and John will jump on the same, first my comments. Overall for company I think we discussed three points of headwind and from mortgage and a little bit more headwind when you add in Workforce Solutions. We don't break out exact headwind for EWS versus USIS; you've got enough data I think you can break that down for a pretty good estimate. But mortgage is a very important part of Verification Services and has been an important part of all EWS. The components that give us confidence in our ability to offset was the same thing renewal for 11 years and I gave some color, Gary our pipeline -- our success of NPI last year was unbelievably strong and we expect the revenue in third year to be five times our revenue was in 2014, so that's unbelievable. So we just want very comprehensive review with Greg Locker and his team working for pipeline of products 2017 and 106 of breadth and depth, quality of those products in the pipeline are unbelievable. We will not launch all 106 but the number of products we're going to launch or confident in launching in again 2017 which is income or revenue are fabulous. Number two the enterprise growth initiative process we've been at now for wherever it's been seven years or so is we'll have a record year, I said that in my comments in 2016 which positions us very well for 2017. With all the core things that we have been -- the team has been delivering for our customers now for seven to 10 years.
Rick Smith: Gary one last thing, one final color might be that another contributor to incremental growth in 2017 is going to be slightly improving economies in some major places which we operate in U.S. will be modestly better in our opinion, UK will be modestly better for the full-year and Spain will be modestly better, I mentioned this before Argentina we are confident Argentina will have a GDP perspective most better year and 2017 versus 2016. So again global so modest global economic health and 80-plus-percent of all the revenues is non-mortgage we have did 15%, 17% mortgage closed. So on economies tend to grow that tends to help our core business.
Rick Smith: It's just short I will give Gary; it's a world-class so nothing sourced [ph] in any. You can think from our digital marketing companies in Silicon Valley and we have partnered with, it's a great revenue generator for us this year. More importantly than that it is giving us a market credibility in the digital marketing space by leading -- by working with and building products and solving solutions for world-class digital marketing company and we will leave it at that think of it as an on trade sales force.
Rick Smith: Great question, David. So the commentary on the guidance was for mortgage market to be down 15% and equates three points of headwind for us. Our expectation as you kind of noted there is to continue to innovate and gain share build new products and grow at much faster rate in the market or in this case decline at a much slower rate than the mortgage decline.
Rick Smith: Yes, for us if you think about the enterprise channel what we use we will take all of our products in EWS products and credit products, we are expecting automotive to be as a market relatively flat with 2016, we expect credit card issues to be up, we expect mortgage to be down. Then when you look at other markets, home equity lending to be up on the mortgage side, it's tale of two stories refinancing will be extremely negative make sure it's the exact number but home sales is expected to be up and then when you think about businesses in that environment, you think about EWS and even though automotive is a marketplace is expected to be flat, we expect significant growth in EWS because we are widely penetrated. We talked about Pfizer partnership which gives us platform to fully distribute our products to them. So we've got improving markets in some cases, stable markets in others, and declining others in aggregate that's why we get the kind of forecast we gave you for USIS but also continued strong growth in EWS because of market penetration I think is still significant.
Rick Smith: Brett, this is Rick. We take obviously as most companies do, the framework of guidance extremely service label to all parts of business John and I and many others from the company and we go into a period like this on a quarterly basis with updated guidance with those all the facts we possibly have at our fingertips and we give guidance following any unforeseen macro changes we cannot expect to follow through may be but we give guidance we think we are very likely to attain. So we try to say actually it's structuring a plan that if we tell you we're going to deliver $3.375 billion to $3.425 billion, we're going to hit that number. So I wouldn't call it conservative, I just call it, it's balanced and it's based on all the facts I hope it's done.
Rick Smith: Let me give you a response and John will jump in. The qualitative framework we are talking to investors about our ability to continue to grow with two segments so on and so forth is again the product class of 53 months last year is the strongest class we have had ever. We expected revenue five times in 2014 combine that with EGI continue to outperform and that bodes well for 2017 that's the enterprise focus its breadth and allows to budget pipeline of 106 new products in the front-end for this year. So those are all the qualitative things that I talked about that we are doing -- have been doing for quite some time on innovation.
Rick Smith: Yes great question. I think Ramsey the change really started strategically and then exactly from an execution perspective 10 years ago when we made the decision to pivot from being solely dependent on credit based data assets and largely U.S. geographic exposure to a units assets company with more geographic focus in just in U.S. and secondarily when we have the technology platforms invested in data assets or ability to build products and innovate and where you see that we have never done before, you navigate changes in macroeconomic environment that we couldn't do before. As you know, that process takes time we launched with the acquisition of TALX and NPI back in 2007 we gained momentum that we had a recession and we come out of the recession with this great robust processing capability and we continue to add the data assets and done nothing but mature, mature, mature get better every year, talk about the NPI 2.0 we launched with [indiscernible] we've got to reinvent and reinvigorate innovation that's paying great dividend, I should say.
Rick Smith: I don't know, I think about 118-year-old company growing top-line and bottom-line and NPI and EBITDA margin that has been certainly conservative. I think it's something we are very proud of. That to your point there are no emergency plans that have been pulled off the shelf it's just that one thing it'll reflect back upon the quality of the solutions we developed last year in NPI and you had the hindsight of pretty similar months of visibility that was just stronger than we expected then.
Rick Smith: Yes I think Andre we are making great progress like I mentioned in my prepared comments that we are not looking Cambrian gives us great ability to use all of our data assets we never could before. And this will be a needle where we are going to take all of our data assets and use to our company, putting in Cambrian turned about 72 months in some cases actually application value will be determined on the ROI if the customer gets them. I mentioned one more seems to be very helpful is automotive. Obviously we are doing mortgage undoubtedly another top routinely about you need to get to a point that no longer talking at 5,000 foot level at an industry about where you trended, you go to look at what type of data are you trending, how long are you trending it, what vertical you are looking at, what geography and what vertical and which sub-vertical and vertical, so is the automotive improved, sometime with the list you get there and then hence with those value, you can determine the price. We've made great progress there and we'll continue to make very good progress. I'm confident over the prior year, we have earnings calls update we will continue to have visibilities throughout this. Next step is the on payment.
Rick Smith: Obviously the indirect channel has been and will be a greater revenue contributor. But we expect growth out of both and we expect growth globally, not just in the U.S. and I think one of things you can't underestimate is the multi-year journey that that business has been on to build, launch, and work globally, we in fact we call it Renaissance it's our platform and the goal that gives you on the direct side to build, modify, launch, create products much faster than we ever did before, create a user interface that is much more friendly not knowing to do in the past as well. So that would be a great enabler for growth for those guys.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think strategically, Tim, it's the same that goes to the world, you are saying that the ballpark in EDI and EPI. So the core processes we will use to grow around the world it's on Europe. In addition to those core processes, yes you do have the industrial contract, TDX contract and you know TDX is not just in the UK, TDX is now part of our debt management strategy globally but is revenue being generated beyond just investor or government contract in the UK. Beyond that as I mentioned in my comments we are seeing a modestly improving economic environment even with Brexit in the UK, we are seeing really good performance by our team and we are seeing that for years now, we continue to really good job and executing core growth in NPI and EGI. So it's broad based.
Rick Smith: Great question. One we did great framework, the commitment we have given you our investors and ourselves is to continue to drive EBITDA margin up to that 40% range, approximately 40% once we've carried around including international. International by default is less efficient in where they operate in a USIS or a EWS is because so many geographies. So you continue to see us through couple of things. We took after reposition the business to take inefficiencies out and we've done a lot of that and we've not slightly short from on this earnings call to do just that. Number two for years now we have been at the standardization of technology platforms around the globe where you can transfer platforms from U.S. with one part of the world to another part of the world take cost out drive efficiency. So those are the two main things we have done and third if you do acquisitions over time those acquisitions become more efficient that will run and as the incremental margins. So those were and I think we guided long-term model for international in mid-30s and you are seeing a nice step up in 2016, you'll see another nice step in 2017.
Rick Smith: Again our goal is to exclude, as you know is to manage levels of investment to give us the growth rate that we, we want to customers desire the price we need to build to satisfy the problems with maximizing margin and the model we have a 7% to 10% growth, 11% to 14% multiple year -- 11% to 14% EPS growth and at least 25% margin expansion. We have a goal to get the 40% margin. There you see years like you saw last year we get 110% you can see years like you see this year we're guided over 100 basis points again and you'll see years we're down 25 basis points. So just think of the long-term model growth on revenue growth on EPS and getting to that 40% margin.
Rick Smith: Yes, it's more the latter in pivoting on product innovation is always speed but you can just quickly change it is a pipeline that's been developed for quite some time and really what happened look Manav, is we gave guidance, sort of framework, you shouldn't call guidance in October and that was a value of the time looking back in February, number of prices launched already are out that are being used are at a one rate far higher than we had thought, we could achieve at that point in time. So it's really more the latter rather than pivot to say it was launched our products do well high in share development.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think, yes, be patient with us. We have the ability to make multiple -- multiple investments for the long-term benefit of our shareholders and customers. I think its international number of Canada, UK, Australia, some places. Latin America has been a longer-term Vietnam versus a 2017. These are working really hard you will see, have seen peel back some margin and look at the assets an example, we invested nicely in the fourth quarter we will continue to invest in 2017 and standing up capabilities for the international were number. And we can do that by the way, we can do that, what you guys do, you'll have to still hit we're committed year over at a more to mid-50s kind of EBITDA margin for EWS. But think about being revenue being generated international numbers being kind of 2018, 2019 timeframe.
Rick Smith: Yes. Thank you. Goal number one we make sure that the Asian experienced Veda was integrated properly and we're getting the resources they need long-term to grow. As I mentioned in my prepared comments that is going to extremely well I see as being behind us now. So just to be on sure we're delevering as you mentioned before we got a clear strategy. We got a solid pipeline, we got a balance sheet to do acquisitions and you should expect us to think about getting back in the market of M&A.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think we bought the company we bought it because it was a great franchise, it was a great cash, there is a geographical expansion in the area we like a lot. But the gross rate as we stand up would about be the rate of internationals [indiscernible] growth rate so. When you think about the organic growth of Equifax think of Veda bringing us in a range we're taking for a company.
Rick Smith: Yes, we're ahead of schedule in deployment of platforms as you know it's taking time to contraction we get customers that from to get technology in place through could be a adoption of the customers. And the hope would be over multiple years in the future that those are enablers with different areas of growth which is facilitating potentially in faster growth.
Rick Smith: Kevin may be three points; obviously strength in the overall economy is good for us. Our customer who go to faster rate that helps us do more. Number two, corporate tax reform, if corporate tax reform is passed in a comprehensive manner the ability to company generate more earnings and [indiscernible] best practice and that ability to grow, which will help us grow that's beneficial to us. Number three is if there is a meaningful change in the regulatory landscape that helps our customers, be able to attract more customers underwrite more products and expand those are three areas that all help us.
Rick Smith: Yes so, again as our leverage comes down we will execute buybacks based on the pace of our acquisitions. So I think we're extremely successful in acquisitions, you'll see a lower level of buybacks. But, yes, we've already assumed the level of repurchases in the second half of 2017 in our guidance.
Rick Smith: Let me see if I can deconstruct your view which is a good view as stated it is in the teams you also have not too much of Veda benefit in 2017 than you have in 2016 so that's part of the contributor. Then what you are saying is true, you have very high once again very high kind of organic non-mortgage, non-HCA growth and there is no magic there, George that is the same thing we've been doing in NPI and ETI. So it's truly is broad based and if I went through I can't remember that's an example I think I gave and even U.S. the number of verticals have grown double-digit, I can do the same thing in international, I pick different countries and different verticals of different countries, I can take that verticals in the USIS and see how they are growing. It is so broad based, it's not one vertical, it's not two verticals it's not one part, two part it's a combination of all those things coming together.
Rick Smith: Yes traditionally that has been the case but pre-screen is the pre-cursor to underwriting which that puts your online stuff. So we have not explicitly baked that into guidance, what we expect though rather than what pre-screen that was actually go more lending which is good for us.
Rick Smith: Good point. So to answer your first question is ACA was not directly counted as percentage of mortgage headwind alone. We kind of say, [indiscernible] said what we knew you can do the math was a growth driver in the past; it was the growth driver to flat that is a headwind for us. The EWS has got to offset and we got to offset, thinking about the guidance that we gave you as being offset by things we are already doing, so it's a combination of NPI and EGI.
Rick Smith: Thank you. One of the things may be before hopefully you guys starting to phone is I -- just I could just two points, came up with a few right of thought things that will probably be addressed. One was around the OIS revenue when compared to others we got 4% versus what you expected from your larger point of clarification you just made some you just is that was -- that is burdened by two points, there is two points, three points of headwind from what we call direct to consumer business. Now we credit GCS, you said most of our consumer business going [ph] with the GCS. We left behind reports month to [indiscernible] experience that has been declining, that declined even faster in the fourth quarter, we've heard experience announced that reach last year in the fourth quarter and then repeat. So that three points headwind this year versus less that one in the first few quarters of the year. The other question was raised sequential margin change in EWS. I will just quickly talk about that. That was driven by two things. We got to see now total cost with mix we're still lower in the high margin from [indiscernible] you may have seen in the third quarter. Secondly as I mentioned and John mentioned we are investing nicely in setting up the international. So those are two small points that are sequentially looking to margin, EWS explain that, that business is still well and trading at 50 and mid-50s margin, so I can clarify that one. Jeff you want to finish on just talking about that is that.
John Gamble: EDS -- EWS performance in the fourth quarter as you know it's outstanding right, so again north of 20% growth, so we are not really seeing a slowdown in the performance, all you are seeing as Rick mentioned is you will see an impact from mortgage next year and then some of the growth that was contributed in 2016 from ACA we just don't see repeat. But the rest of the businesses are growing very, very well.
John Gamble: Yes, so we have assumed that we are going to remove that from our non-GAAP reporting. So we will just exclude that, since it will be very difficult for us to forecast the impact of any given quarter, our current thinking is we will exclude that. To the extent there becomes a trend in either direction that makes us have to revisit that decision, we certainly can but our guidance assumes that it will be excluded.
John Gamble: No I think the fourth quarter that the investment and marketing was a little lower than normal. Actually you're seeing margins a little higher than you would normally see. And then if you remember, earlier in the year they had quite a bit of expense to board a new major customer LifeLock and that was pretty much completed by the time you got to the fourth quarter. So you put those two things together and our margins look a little better. That's why we indicated we expect next year's margins to be slightly over 30%, but on average that's where they played out this year, we would expect the same type of thing to play out in 2017.
John Gamble: In terms of your concerns about Jeff Dodge, let me hear from your end, you can do a farewell super. You'll have an opportunity to see him again don't worry.
John Gamble: That’s a goal. Our goal is to deliver over multiple years that 7% to 10% top-line growth and that's organic growth, that's the M&A and stay committed to that. So innovation big part of it, we are going up to 10 years and also thinking today and we'll know more -- you will know more and more as we go throughout the year. What does a repeat and replace really mean? And will that be means testing. Will it be a corporate mandate? We're just taking a look-alike and our goal is to make sure we're innovating this fact as we can today to navigate headwinds as we've just did in 2017 any new headwinds making up 2018.
John Gamble: Specific to us corporate tax reform we're likely on the good side of the ledger, positive. We have been specific about how much, and we'll have a way to wait to see what it looks like. But generally speaking, it would be a positive forever.
John Gamble: Kevin, you may recall, I can't years ago was the -- well, we committed to the dividend policy that was 25%, 35% of our adjusted net income, we go back every year in the form of the dividend, that is safe as far as some of that.
John Gamble: And as Rick mentioned in his script we are seeing continued very strong double-digit growth out of EWS and then out of international and then GCS growing above their long-term model rate. So the areas of growth are really concentrated there. USIS still performing well relative to mortgage but the growth is concentrated in those businesses as we have talked about.
