Richard Smith: Great. Thanks, Lee. Let me summarize where I think we are for the balance of the year. I'll give you some comments and some specific numbers on the outlook.  We continue to be very confident on our outlook for the full year that we've communicated to you today. However, the economic -- the outlook for the remainder of the year obviously is predicated on the assumption that the resolution of U.S. debt ceiling and deficit reduction issues occurs without material disruption of the economy or the credit markets. It's an issue that's much broader than just Equifax, so assuming that is settled without massive dislocation.  For the third quarter, assuming current exchange rates, and excluding Brazil, we expect revenue growth from continuing operations to be up between 6% and 9% with operating margins between 24% and 24.5%. And with that, adjusted EPS and continuing operations is expected to be between $0.61 and $0.65 a share.  We conclude with a look towards the fourth quarter, while it is not our practice to give an outlook at this time for the fourth quarter, I want to provide you an earlier look into our expectations. In the fourth quarter, we expect revenue growth to be in the upper half of that range of 6% to 9%. Again, that is in spite the fact that mortgage comparisons will be very tough in the fourth quarter as well, so the underlying growth is strengthening. And at the same time, as I have communicated to you in the past, we expect operating margins to continue to expand into the range of 25% to 25.5% for the fourth quarter.  So operator, with that, I'd like to turn it over to you to open it up to any questions the participants might have.
Richard Smith: George, it is very broad based. Every platform we have in Latin America continues actually on a very high level. We have a great leadership team down there. Paulino Barros, who leads our International operations, bring in a new level of rigor and focus on NPI. And with that, I'm highly confident the growth rates we're seeing will continue.
Richard Smith: Well, Work Number, we just talked about a fair amount on the call. And that is the core number, which we -- is the holy grail within the Work Number, so is the instant verification online, that's growing strong double digit. It's grown strong now for 4 or 5 years. The slowdown is driven by what we call 45060 product, which is a product that we bought maybe 18 months ago. I may be off a little bit, but I think about 18 months ago. And that product is only focused today on the mortgage sector. And you know what's happening in the mortgage market, right? So the whole plan there, and what Dann Adams and his team were doing is just like the deal with the instant verification Work Number, diversifying the applications and revenue streams beyond mortgage. And as I said, in the second quarter that, that will take us some time. Pipeline is there. The activity is there. And it's my plan, as we exit 2011, we'll have a full broader diversification for 45060 which will bode well. And Talent Management should have a very strong second half of the year. There were slowdowns in TSA in the first half of the year. The diversified revenue streamed away from this TSA, and we expect good growth year-on-year in the second half of the year .
Richard Smith: Well, on revenue, of all the things we've been talking about -- I think a very, very high level of execution across the company, number one. Number two is NPI. We've talked about this now for a number of years and NPI truly is a huge part of our DNA. I mentioned in there that just the products that we launched in the last 3 years were giving us 2 or 3 points of growth. So that's driving the revenue growth. And with that, you get expanded margins. As I promised you would have, in the past, really good margin expansion. We started this year at 23.1%. We told you we'd get that 100 basis points of improvement x Brazil. That gets you to 24%, and we're going to commit to a 25% to 25.5% for the fourth quarter. So as you know, this model is highly leverageable. And in the tough years we went through, we had a high fixed cost. That's a drag on your margin. Now we're starting to execute and grow, incremental margin should flow through the bottom line, and that's the plan.
Richard Smith: If you take a look at the entire Talent Management, the entire TALX Management business, which is the Talent Management and TALX. On the TALX side, obviously, a very low concentration on government. On the Talent Management, it's still dependent, highly dependent upon the government with the diversifying everyday, getting corporate customers up. At the end of the day though, Carter, the ebbs and the flows, the ups and the downs of specifically the Talent Management piece of the business, on the overall enterprise of Equifax is negligible.
Richard Smith: Yes, you've got cyclicality in our business, so you can't just simply take that. What you should take to the bank is our commitment to get this margin, talking about 24% to 26% range. When you exclude Brazil, 25% to 27% range, we're executing against that. You can't take any one quarter because of the cyclical nature of our business and say that is the one right to next year.
Richard Smith: Yes, I think as you look at one, which is, Dan, I don't give a whole lot of credence or focus quarter-to-quarter at the BU level. You're going to have anomalies and changes there. So the fact that USCIS had a 50 basis point margin compression is not a concern to me nor should the BTU or investors. In general terms, as you see USCIS, I expect their margins like the rest of the company to continue to expand as we exit this year and going into 2012 as well.
Richard Smith: Yes, the team is executing very well. Alex Gonzalez and his team have done a very nice job there and restructured the organization. And because that focus and execution and innovation as well in the marketing piece of business as well as the risk piece of the business, we'll have a nice growth now for 7 consecutive quarters.
Richard Smith: Bill, it's a great question, and the answer is if you think of the core Work Number product, it is made up of a product that has many different attributes. In fact, over 50 different attributes. And as you think about the problem you're trying to solve, in some cases, you may need all 50 attributes in the mortgage space. In other applications like telco, credit card or others, you don't need all 53 attributes. So I can give a different cut of the Work Number, if you will, a modified Work Number at a different price point, for a much higher volume transaction. So that's a modification we've made to the Work Number a year or so ago trying to reposition it into higher growth, lower value and slower price areas while still protecting the great margin, the great value of the true Work Number with 50-some attributes.
Richard Smith: The answer is yes on both sides. Within the IXI, if we think of the Data 360 strategy which is taking the core credit file with employment data and income data, IXI data and soon to be, this platform [ph] data, we're be building out new solutions. So IXI is an integral part of the Data 360 strategy. It has been for the last year and will continue to be. Digital marketing, yes, we launched that. As you know, Bill, about a year ago, very bullish on that. It takes us into a whole different dimension and area of growth with different market characteristics in the core credit business work. So it's already delivering, and I'm very optimistic long term with that as well.
Richard Smith: We don't break that out. I think Lee said in his comments, think of workload in total terms of Equifax de minimis specific to Europe, it does contribute, but the core organic growth was strong in Europe. So it's -- by no means is workload covering up a slow growth or no growth. Core business in Europe is strong.
Richard Smith: There are multiple things that we're doing to improve the overall financial model of [indiscernible] and we have been for a couple years now. The churn rate in general terms over the past couple of years absolutely trended down. And that is benefit -- but that benefit is not a second quarter benefit but then it started back in probably 2009. So our ARPU is up and we've been able to manage churn at a very good level.
Richard Smith: Yes, I looked at a few firms in the past and putting a few firms that they've looked back and I couldn't get my head around those. It doesn't mean it's a bad deal for them. It's probably a great deal for them. Obviously, healthcare is an interesting market. It's a fragmented market. It's a market that's here to stay. I've just not found the right deal for Equifax to play in there.
Lee Adrean: Yes, when you compare share repurchase to acquisitions, the acquisitions you have to take the opportunities that present themselves when we're there. I think that our investors know we are very selective in making sure the things we do are a good fit with our business, and if we're going to be able to get value. But if they fit the strategy and complement what we do, near-term fluctuations and our stock price are not going to have a significant impact on that. Now having said that, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is a little bit below our longer-term objective. And as Rick pointed out, barring significant dislocation in the capital markets from what's going on in Washington these days and expect that, that's going to tend to move back up both because of acquisitions and share repurchase.
Lee Adrean: Yes. Yes, you should. Yes, that will tend to fluctuate some quarter-to-quarter because we do have various projects in our corporate expense line that can come and go. So you can see some fluctuation, but I think something in the mid-single digit range is probably still appropriate for the year.
Lee Adrean: And Carter, if I can pick up on that. Several of our businesses tend to have a bit of a seasonal peak in margins in the fourth quarter. PSol, historically, we've found is not as fruitful an advertising market because of the competition with holidays and what the customers are really buying at that time of the year, our IXI business tends to have a bit of a spike in the fourth quarter just because the timing of when they signed many of their contracts and a couple of other businesses. So the fourth quarter does tend to be seasonally high, but I think Rick's comment about being committed to being in the 24% to 26% range is absolutely appropriate.
Lee Adrean: Rich, most of our -- each of our country operations has both their revenue and their expenses in the local currency. And it's very hard to effectively hedge profit quotas [ph] and have an acceptable accounting treatment at the same time. So our results will tend to move somewhat with foreign exchange, which is why we're very transparent about the local currency growth versus the nominal growth.
