Mark Begor: Thanks, John. Wrapping up on Slide 15, Equifax delivered another strong quarter with 9% constant dollar non-mortgage revenue growth, which was well within our 8% to 12% long-term revenue growth framework, reflecting the power and breadth of the Equifax business model and strong execution against our EFX 2026 strategic priorities. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, a big priority for 2024 is to complete our North America cloud transformation as well as significant portions in our global markets, which will result in continued market expansion and reductions in our capital intensity as the key benefit of our data and technology cloud transformation. As we complete the cloud, we expect CapEx to increase in 2024 by over $100 million to about $475 million or under 8.5% of revenue with further reductions in 2025 allowing us to move towards our long-term CapEx goal of 7% of revenue as we exit next year. And exiting 2024 with 90% of Equifax revenue into new Equifax Cloud is a big milestone, so the team can move fully towards focusing on growth. Aligned with completing the cloud transformation is our strategic priority to drive innovation through our investments in EFX.AI. AI, ML are changing the way we develop new products in our single data fabric, build higher performing models, scores and products allow us to inject and cleanse more data and operate our consumer care centers more efficiently. We are on offense with EFX.AI. We are entering the next chapter of the new Equifax as we pivot from building new Equifax cloud to leveraging our new cloud capabilities to drive our top and bottom line. We are convinced that our new Equifax cloud differentiated data sets in our single data fabric leveraging EFX.AI and ML and market leading businesses will deliver higher growth, expanded margins and free cash flow in the future. We remain focused on executing our long-term model, delivering 8% to 12% revenue growth with 50 basis points of annual margin expansion annually. I’m energized by our strong performance in the first quarter and momentum as we begin 2024, but even more energized about the future of the new Equifax. And with that operator, let me open it up for questions.
Mark Begor: Yes. Manav, good morning. I think we have good visibility. We typically do, as you know, but there's still a lot of uncertainty. As you know, you go back using your comment on mortgage, 60 days ago, I think a lot of us were looking forward, as well as most of the experts that we have multiple rate cuts in 2024 as recently as two weeks ago, there were still people thinking there was going to be a June cut. And I think, as you know, that's kind of pushed out. Rates went up three weeks ago, two weeks ago, mortgage rates went up 20 basis points to 7%. So while there's a lot of visibility, there's still a lot of uncertainty around, I would call it, principally the mortgage market. And given we're in the first quarter, we thought it was prudent to be balanced in the framework we put forward. As you know, we beat in the first quarter. We had some things to manage in ER spend, EWS like the ERC decline or the WOTC deferral because of the change in forms. And there's always things we're managing as a company. But we thought it was prudent to be balanced given where we are in the quarter and kind of the macro of mortgage, outside of mortgage, we're pretty comfortable with the economy. And we held the year and we'll take another look at it as we go through second quarter.
Mark Begor: Yes. So we've had very strong mortgage outperformance at EWS over the last couple of years, records are a big driver of that. Obviously, we take price up every year, which we did in 2024. We've also had in the last couple of years what I would call outperformance in EWS mortgage from some of the new product introductions, principally Mortgage 36. So that's kind of the delta from 2024 outperformance, call it in the high teens to 20, down to the double-digit or low single digits. So we were kind of focused on that. As we look forward to the balance of the year, you heard us talk about the record additions which are going to benefit all of the EWS verticals, including mortgage, including the larger payroll processor that we signed. It's going to come online, kind of mid-year, that's going to add 6 million records. So those higher hit rates will benefit all of the EWS businesses in the second half as we continue to grow twin records, and also will benefit mortgage.
Mark Begor: Yes. So mortgage, I think you get – mortgage, obviously this year, we're still expecting mortgage to be down. But like, if rates stay where they are, we would expect in 2025, mortgage market to be fairly flat, in 2025 until rates come down. And I think John outlined again, what we believe that whether it's 2025, 2026 or 2027, as rates get down to what I would call a more normal level, as you know, we're at a 20-plus year high right now. Over that longer timeframe, there's a big tailwind in mortgage. For the rest of our businesses, we haven't really been impacted by rates. There's a little bit of impact in auto, those higher rates are pressuring some of the payments, if you will, for that lower end consumer and subprime and near prime. But broadly, we're performing well, where rates are from a non-mortgage standpoint, and we would expect that to continue. So when we think about kind of the long-term of Equifax, we're still committed and confident in our 8% to 12% kind of long-term framework for the company, including a point or two of M&A in that long-term framework, and that's – it's kind of current rates. And then we've got the benefit is rates come down to some level where they're going to come down to four or three and a half or whatever over the long-term. I don't think any of us expect them to go back to where they were kind of during the COVID pandemic. But as they come down, we're going to have – we believe a real tailwind as the mortgage market recovers from its levels of 50% below what we would characterize as normal.
Mark Begor: Yes. I wouldn't say, it's all dependent on hiring volumes. Obviously, hiring volumes have had an impact on us. We've been able to navigate through the hiring volumes, which are still quite low. Most companies are keeping a tight belt, as they think about where the economy is going. As far as hiring on the white collar side, obviously blue collar is super strong. There's, I don't know what is 9 million plus open jobs right now, but it's still a very vibrant economy from the hiring side. As far as that talent, we just see a big TAM there with lots of opportunity to grow. We have strong relationships with all the top players, including the two you mentioned, and we expect to continue those relationships. We've got a very aggressive pipeline of new product additions that we're continuing to roll out in the talent space. There's a lot of white space for us to penetrate, meaning background screeners that are still using manual, if you will, employment verifications. So that's an opportunity for us. So we remain very optimistic around the future for the talent vertical. And as you point out, when hiring, I would call it in the white collar side stabilizes or perhaps when rates come down and there's some increase in economic activity, we'll get some tailwind from the market side as people are expanding their businesses, and then we'll have things under our control to continue to adding records. The additional records result in higher hit rates there. The 4 million records we added in the quarter are 4 million jobs, that are now going to be able to be monetized in the hit rates we’re delivering at talent. I talked about new products, and of course, we took some price up in January and we’ll do that again in 2025. So we’re optimistic about talent. We’re super optimistic about government. As you know, with the 35% performance in the quarter, which is we see a lot of opportunities there, too.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think I’d start with the comments I had earlier. I don’t know if you heard my response to Manav question. The first quarter, we still – a lot of – we have a lot of visibility in lots of parts of the business. I think the mortgage side is less visible as was pointed out. 60 days ago, all of us thought there’d be – at least the world thought there would be a bunch of rate cuts in the second half, including one in June. Two weeks ago, the June 1 felt like it disappeared. So, given it’s the first quarter, we were very pleased with what we saw as revenue being kind of the midpoint of our guidance, which is very strong and then EPS outperformance. We thought it was prudent to hold the year and give you a good outlook of what we think second quarter is. And as I said, we’ll look at it again as we get through second quarter and have, what I would characterize is more visibility. I think any of us expected inflation to, so called spike up a little bit in the last couple of months, when we set that guide earlier in the year. But we’re confident in delivering the full year guidance that we laid out and we’ll give you an update as we get through second quarter, we’ll have more visibility at that time.
Mark Begor: Yes. We attribute when we talk to our customers, which are background screeners, that kind of softer January, February, just as kind of a very tight operating environment that most companies are operating on. Again, we over skew to white collar workers versus blue collar. Blue collar is still, I would call it red hot, meaning there’s more jobs open than people looking for them. That’s not the issue. Most companies are really watching the economy and we saw that in January, February. We did see an uptick in March and we try to operate off current trends we see and that’s still continuing in April and we expect that to kind of stay at that level. But I wouldn’t call it like a big recovery, just back closer to what we thought the year was going to be as we exited 2023.
Mark Begor: Yes, certainly in our guidance, obviously, we haven’t given guidance for 2025 yet. We’ll do that as we get through this year, we expect those cloud completions this year to benefit 2024. That’s built into our margin expansion assumptions in 2024. And then there’ll be some carryover of the second half decommissioning that we have as we complete, like the USIS cloud transformations in the kind of middle of the year and some of the international cloud transformations, same kind of timeframe, those start layering in on kind of a monthly basis as we go through this year. And those will provide some benefits as we go into 2025. So I think we’ve given and we’re happy to share some more around the margin side. The top line side is one, there’s multiple layers of how the cloud is going to benefit us from a top line standpoint. We’re going to be a differentiated partner to our customers with the always on stability from the cloud. You’ve already seen the uplift in new product innovation coming from our differentiated data in the cloud. So that’s going to continue. And businesses like USIS that have been constructed by their cloud migration efforts over the last year and change as they complete the cloud, we would expect that to accelerate their new product rollouts going forward. So we have a lot of optimism of what it’s going to do from a competitive standpoint as we complete the cloud. And as I said in my prepared comments earlier, the other big benefit is the ability for the team as we get towards the second half of the year and into 2025 to fully focus on just growing the business. Over the last almost four plus years, we’ve been growing the business, operating the business, and doing this cloud transformation. It’s a heavy, heavy lift. Getting that completed is a big, big milestone for the company. So we can really take advantage of all of our differentiated data in the cloud. Our increased focus on AI and ML, that’s going to benefit us as we go into the second half and into 2025 and beyond.
Mark Begor: Yes. The pricing pass through is a very, very big piece of the mortgage outperformance. We haven't broken down to two, but the new solution, the pre-qual that's used in the shopping stage, is a meaningful piece and we're very pleased to have that on top of the price action, you should expect us to continue to bring new solutions to market, and this is an example of that as we go forward and as we look forward to 2025 and 2026 and beyond, we'll continue to focus on new solutions from our standpoint. And I think all of us will have to see what that pricing looks like as we get into 2025 from our FICO partner there and what they decide to do next year, as well as beyond 2025.
Mark Begor: Yes, we sell our credit reports to a number of companies that provide credit monitoring to consumers in the U.S. We have our own business, and including the sell to [ph] Experian and TU to lots of others that provide credit monitoring. And we've seen some softness, particularly with the other two credit bureaus in the first quarter and actually late in the year. That's really what we referred to. And I don't know enough about what's driving that, whether they're cutting back on marketing or it's just a more competitive market. But that was an element that we just sold less credit reports that are passed through in credit monitoring solutions.
Mark Begor: Yes. So I think that the number you're quoting for government we talked about back in February, and what we're seeing is government is outperforming that. So we feel very good about our government revenue very strong in the first quarter. Yes, redeterminations are technically completed by the end of March. So yes, that revenue should decline, but we're seeing really good performance across government strength in CMS, strength in other areas, strength within the states. Really good progress as we continue to do, to expand staff both through FDA and then also directly with the states. So we feel good about our ability to continue to grow government at a stronger pace than we had previously expected in talent. But we're indicating that we expected to get back to growth, right. I mean, we saw some weakness in January and February, nice recovery in March. We're expecting that to continue. We're going to get back to growth as we go through the year. And as I just mentioned, we do feel relatively good about what we're seeing overall in our non-mortgage financing structure, so that we feel relatively good there as well. So overall, non-mortgage and verification services looks like it's performing very, very nicely. And again, just like with mortgage, as we move through the year, the substantial growth in records, the tremendous growth that we're seeing in adding new payroll processors now large and small, is going to add to the strength in all three of those areas that I just talked about. Right. Government directly, talent also, because it not only adds hit rates, it also deepens the historical file that we're able to deliver to our customers. So it makes our product even more valuable. And then obviously also in non-mortgage financing.
Mark Begor: Sure. I think the latest on that, this pushed out to late this year or early next year. It's still in a comment period. There's a lot of inputs coming in that don't support the 3B to 2B, from what we understand is including congressional inputs on that. There's also, what's on the table is to add a VantageScore in addition to the FICO score with regards to our view of timing, we don't expect anything to happen in 2024. And that's not in our guidance; it's not in our framework. And everything we see and hear that's going to be in 2025, if at all.
Mark Begor: Yes. So if you look at originations during that time period. Right. Because obviously that in historical periods that details available, it was like average $7.5 million a year. And it was something like, something under 60% would have been purchase and something over 40% on average would have been refi. That was kind of the mix that you saw during that period, on average.
Mark Begor: Yes. The place we've seen that is really in mortgage. I suspect there's some level in auto, but it's probably harder to see. And as you know, the phenomenon that changed if you go back five years ago, is just digital consumers. Five years ago, there was more face-to-face activity around a lot of big ticket transactions like a mortgage, and now it’s virtually all digital. So it’s easy for a consumer to shop around. So we have seen the increase in the shopping behavior as we went into COVID. That still continued. We believe that that’s just an element that will continue going forward that consumers have the ability to easily look at alternatives kind of digitally. And I think that’s going to be an underlying element of the mortgage market going forward, which maybe to your question, if you look back to 2015 to 2019 [ph], there were some elements of shopping in there, but it’s clearly increased. We don’t think it’s going to decrease as rates go down in a meaningful way. And rates aren’t going down to where they were before, right? During the COVID time frame, it’s hard to imagine that rates are going to go that low. So let’s say rates go from seven towards six then towards five and maybe they end up at four or something, that’s still a significantly higher rate from what people perhaps were used to during the COVID time frame when rates were so low, there will be an element of shopping going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes. I would say that was de minimis. The change – the way we think about it on a sequential basis, again, we – our customers are still kind of operating what I would call normally. So there’s that – like they’re not pulling back because they’re worried about the economy or the consumer. And that’s where you would see marketing or prescreens or digital marketing to consumers around financial products, which is where most of our businesses cut back. We just haven't seen it.
Mark Begor: We don’t think so. And we haven’t seen it. There has been – there’s various alternatives that can be used in a mortgage process. They generally have more friction, and they typically have less data. And the mortgage originators are – work hard to make sure that they’re getting the full picture of the consumer. And then the other element is the instant nature of our data. So we haven’t seen a change there, and we don’t expect one going forward. We saw a very wide utilization of our TWN income and employment data in the mortgage vertical, and we expect that to continue. And then as we add records, we’re already getting the inquiries from our customers, we’re going to have higher hit rates as we continue to grow our records.
Mark Begor: Yes. We’ve never talked about the term of any of our contracts with our partners. Those are confidential for obvious reasons. We have said, and it’s the way they’re structured, they’re generally structured with auto renewals and they auto renew. And those are happening as we speak. There’s none that are like – there’s not like a cliff of these coming. If you remember our dialogues over the last one year, two years, three years, four years, five years, we’re adding partnerships every quarter. As you add those, those have a term to them, but they’re on auto renewal, and we deliver so much value to that partner. And the – not only from the integration, which is very complex. It’s not a simple integration. As you heard earlier, we signed a large partner in the quarter that’s going to add those 6 million records, it’s going to take us two, three, four months of very intense technology and data work in order to bring those records into our environment so then they can be normalized to be delivered in our TWN report. So there’s a lot of work that goes into that integration that makes our relationships quite sticky. And then, of course, from a monetization standpoint, as we keep growing our business, our partners’ monetization grows every quarter. So there’s a very strong relationship there. And as you may know, beyond just income employment with partners like payroll processors, we’re increasingly doing our other services like I-9 unemployment claims and WOTC in partnership with those kind of companies. So we have multiple relationships. So maybe said differently, we’ve got a lot of confidence in the long-term nature of our partnerships around TWN records.
Mark Begor: Yes, you got it, Jeff. That’s the Mortgage 36. We’ve got for the second half some other innovation coming out of mortgage in EWS that we would hope will benefit the second half or certainly in 2025. So we’re always focusing on kind of new solutions that will add value. But Mortgage 36 was just a very powerful solution. And as you point out, we are lapping past that.
Mark Begor: Yes. So just as a reminder for everybody that’s still on the call, half of our records come from individual relationships through our employer vertical where we have delivered those regulatory services like UC I-9 unemployment, et cetera. So we or you, I say you tend to talk about our partner records, but a reminder that half of our records are individual relationships. And we’re growing those every month as we grow our employer business. And as you point out, we’ve got partnerships. And we tend to talk or you tend to talk about payroll processors, but they’re HR software companies. Software platforms is another way for us to partner. We’ve got a number of relationships there and a pipeline of additional relationships. We have pension administrators is another one, which is like a payroll processor but for the pension space. As you know, we’re chasing that 20 million to 30 million of defined benefit pensioners is a big pool of data assets that we have. And those are all multiyear in nature, and we have strong relationships with all of those partners that we have.
Mark Begor: Yeah. And thanks for bringing up government. It's the first time we've gotten a question on that this morning. And as you know, that business is really performing exceptionally well. And as we talked about in the quarter it's actually now our largest vertical inside of Workforce Solutions for the first quarter in Workforce Solutions history. So it's a very powerful business for us in that $5 billion TAM. We exited the year at roughly a $600 million annual run rate in that business, which obviously is well north of, slightly north of 10% of overall Equifax. So it's a vertical we like with lots of growth opportunities. There are – there's multiple levers I think John and I both talked about in our prepared comments in government. Redeterminations are a piece of that. I wouldn't think about that as like disproportionate from the other levers that we have inside of government. You may remember back in September we signed a big extension with CMS that was over a billion dollars that had a price increase in it. So that's rolling through. That's a five-year contract. You can make your own assumptions on the impact that had in the fourth quarter. And again, the first quarter is that price increase goes into effect and that has annual escalators post when we lap it in September of 2024. We signed a brand new contract in September with USDA for SNAP TANF benefits that's $190 million contract over five years. So that's rolling into the P&L and positive in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And then we've also tried to be pretty deliberate about sharing that the state penetration is also a very strong lever for growth. And we should probably think about how we can better articulate that for you. But as you probably know we have a lot of penetration opportunity primarily at the states. Government social services are delivered at the state level and we've put more and more resources at the state capitals to really drive usage of our solutions. And as a reminder a state is not an entity. Each agency within a state is really the entity that we work with, whether it's food stamps, rent support, child care support, healthcare benefits all the different social services or kind of different organizations and all types of states. So that's had a big positive for us. So it may be a bit long winded, but it's multifaceted. All of those levers and then price, right. Prices inherent in our contracts, we don't do one, one price increases in our government contracts. Those are all built in as multi-year contracts with escalators in them. But we have a lot of visibility as we enter the year when those price actions are going to lay into our P&L as we roll through the year.
Mark Begor: Strong growth in the second quarter, right, so we're going to continue with strong growth in the second quarter despite the fact that the redetermination after the pause is over. Again, as a reminder, redeterminations happen continuously. It's a requirement of government programs that you redetermine that the participants are still eligible. The difference was they were on pause during the health emergency.
Mark Begor: Yes. So first off, you hit all the right points and it's not new. It's been happening as we speak, and it's been happening over the last five plus years as more and more consumers are shopping for mortgages online. It's actually very rare that they go into a mortgage broker's office now. So that's been a huge change, and as you point out, the fact that they're not seeing the consumer results in the value of instant as well as digital data being more valuable. And then the second half of that is every vertical we'll focus on mortgage, but autos the same case cards, et cetera. They want to shorten the time between, call it inquiry or application or shopping through the closing. And mortgage is very precarious for a mortgage originator, because they're spending $3,000, $4,000, $5,000 of COGS on that closed loan. And the reason they need instant and accurate data is they need to make sure that they want to continue to invest in that application over what could be a 60, 90 day timeframe and a lot can change for the consumer around their credit. They could take on more credit and then no longer qualify for the loan. It can change about their employment. They could lose their job; change their job, et cetera. So that's why instant data is very valuable. So digitization and focus on shortening the time to complete a process plays to Equifax when we have instant data. In the case of mortgage on income and employment, and background screening for employment history in government, social services around income, those all play to us. And there's also an element of productivity, because if they're not using our solution, in the case of mortgage there's still a large number of mortgage originators that do all of their verifications manually. There's a lot of labor involved in that. As labor costs go up, you have the double benefit of both speed, actually triple speed, accuracy and productivity. So those macros play to us in mortgage and more broadly across Equifax.
Mark Begor: Toni, I shared this earlier, but you think about the 126 million individuals we have today in our data set for twin. There's 225 million out there, so we got 100 million to go, so there's a long runway for record growth and as John pointed out, we have a very active pipeline for second quarter, for third quarter, for fourth quarter. There's still a lot of momentum and enthusiasm for those that are not monetizing the records with equal crack to do so.
Mark Begor: Yes. So what we quote, right. Is our inquiry. So we quote actual inquiry data on the credit bureau. Right. And as a reminder, mortgage transactions require tri-bureau pole. So we and our peers see every transaction. Right. We know there's third parties that estimate originations. They don't know what they are. They're doing surveys and estimating a number, and we don't use that number or try to explain the difference between inquiries, which are actuals as of the day that we give them and what you're seeing from third party groups that are doing estimations. So when we're talking about mortgage inquiries in the first quarter and our estimation of mortgage inquiries for the year, it's based on actuals and what we can see transacting.
Mark Begor: Maybe a couple of things, is this the data I think you're looking at and we look at too, we found historically to be too optimistic. Mortgage originations we don't see and the industry don't see except on a six month lag. Right. That's how it's reported. It doesn't show up. And what you're looking at is surveys. These are surveys where MBA and others will go out to some of the participants and say, what do you think mortgage originations are going to be? And some of those were done probably back in February or March when the expectation was of Fed rate cuts, maybe in second quarter, which obviously doesn't feel like that's how the Fed's signaling today. So there's a lot of change in that. When we look back historically at actual originations, which again are on a six month lag compared to our inquiry activity, there's a strong alignment with it, so we don't see it differing. And what we've done for a decade is use our mortgage inquiries as a proxy for the market because that's what we see. And then trying to share with you how we're doing versus the market, which is our mortgage outperformance typically. And what it has been. Not typically, but it has been meaning how far do we grow above the market from price product in the case of EWS records or penetration into either USIS or TWN customers.
Mark Begor: Yes. Two different questions. The first one on so-called price sensitivity and I would say universally, nobody likes price, nobody likes a price increase. So from a sensitivity standpoint, there's always challenges in any of our verticals when we go out to take price up. But our customers understand the value of our data and the uniqueness of our data. So those are conversations that we work through, and we work hard to try to be balanced around what we do on price. And as you know, price is only one lever that we use at Equifax. Product is a big part of how we go to market. And product for us, you got to think about, is really bringing more ROI or value to our customer’s penetration into our verticals. We have big white space and lots of verticals, particularly in Workforce Solutions, where we're converting from manual to our instant solution. And then, of course, price. Competition maybe is a different question, you know, we think we have a very strong market position. We don't feel an impact, from the one or two participants that have much smaller businesses, in income and employment. Frankly, we think about our biggest competitor in EWS and income and employment is manual verifications. That's really the white space. And when you see the TAM, we had a TAM chart for government this quarter, and then we had a TAM for the whole business in last quarter's deck. That white space between our revenue and the TAM is all manual verifications. And our focus is on delivering our digital solution and driving penetration in there.
Mark Begor: That's a very hard question to answer. The second half in particular, first half I don't have at my fingertips. We have that. And you can reach out to Trevor or Sam, and they can help us. I think there's public data out there on that. You know, it's very available on the number of mortgages below 5%. When we think about a mortgage recovery, we think about it being multifaceted and actually mostly driven by purchase. The purchase activity has come down dramatically as what I would call as normal refis. And as you know, there's two types of refis that happen. There's rate refis when the rate decrease, which I think is your 5% point. But there's going to be some level of consumers when rates go down to 5% to 4%, whatever the rates go to, of rate refis. There's also a large number of cash out refis. There's something like $29 trillion or almost $30 trillion of untapped equity in consumers’ homes. And there's typically a fairly steady amount of cash out refis that happened. Those have been pulled back. There's still some happening, but they've been pulled back meaningfully from what we would characterize as normal because of the rapid increase in rates. And then purchase is a very big part of the mortgage business, and that's the one that's been curtailed more. There's just not a lot of housing stocks for sale. Consumers are not putting, although it's starting to pick up, but consumers are holding off upgrading from that two bedroom condo to the three bedroom house, or going from a rental property into an owned home. We would expect as rates stabilize, which they really have in the last, outside of the increase of 20 bps in the last couple of weeks, that they've kind of stabilized at this higher level. But the combination of stabilization and then some level of reduction as the Fed takes rates down is, we think will be the stimulus for, activity moving forward over the medium term, pick your, you can call it long or medium term, but meaning 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 we would expect inflation to get under control. We would expect the Fed to take rates down, likely not to where they were during the COVID timeframe, but back down to more historic normal levels in order to boost economic activity. And we think that's going to be a stimulus to start driving our mortgage revenue into that $1.1 billion of opportunity as we return to 2015 to 2019 levels.
John Gamble: Relative to our expectation for the first quarter, seven was a little lower than we expected. As we said in the script, it was really driven a lot by customer mix and channel mix, right. We saw some shifts in our customers and to some of our customers that had lower pricing than others, and that impacted our first quarter outperformance levels. Going forward for the rest of the year, we basically assume that level of mix is going to continue. And as Mark said, the growth is really driven by records. Long-term, I think we've said before that we're expecting mortgage outperformance to look pretty much like the level of outperformance excluding economy – of the economy that we're talking about for EWS in general, which is something like 11%, 12%, 13%. So I think long-term, that's the type of level we're thinking about.
John Gamble: So it translates into better mortgage revenue for USIS in total, not necessarily specifically for OIS, right. So you need to look at both OIS as well as core mortgage. But yes, inquiries translate fairly directly. Yes.
John Gamble: So again, what we're talking about is just mortgage in total, right. So and I think the trajectory for mortgage in total is what we talked about on the call, right. So we didn't really split mortgage solutions and OIS. We manage it as one kind of one single business. I understand it's on two different line items when we report, but we tend to focus on mortgage in total and trying to drive the mortgage performance overall up for the year. And I think we gave very specific information about what we expected overall mortgage is very strong, up over 25% for the full year, right, outperformance on the order of 40 points. So we think it's going to be very strong in total.
John Gamble: And just as a reminder for 2024, right, as we said in the script, our guidance reflects current activity, current run rates, which is at current rates, right. So effectively, our guidance assumes rates stay where they are.
John Gamble: Let me just add. Just got to remember a point about performance is not a large number, right? So we can see shifts about performance of several points, and it isn’t a really large number on our mortgage revenue. And that’s why you saw that we had a little bit of outperformance in inquiries. And yes, we had some out – we had some underperformance and outperformance, but we ended up with revenue on, right? So I think unfortunately what we’re talking about here is really small percentages that can be impacted by not large movements in revenue. And that’s what you’re seeing here, right? But overall, Mark covered it already, right, the real driver here of this business is consistent, large growth in records, which makes the product more valuable, which is why we expect to see continued improvement in the level of mortgage revenue as we go through the year, relatively speaking. So we feel very good about what’s going on with the products we’re offering because of the fact that we’re adding records so rapidly.
John Gamble: As you look through the year, we are expecting margins to go up. It’s obvious in our guidance, right? I talked a little bit about the fact that we have meaningful cost reductions coming as we decommission major systems in our consumer businesses in North America. We feel good about executing against those as Mark talked about. We also just – you’ve got to remember we generally have an improving mix of revenue as we go through the year, especially in the fourth quarter as mortgage declines as a percentage of our revenue. It happens every year. It’s just market, right? So as that happens, that tends to be margin accretive for us. So executing against our plans and quite honestly, the addition of records in EWS is very accretive for us as we go because obviously that’s very high margin revenue that doesn’t draw with it expense below variable cost. So we feel very good about our ability to deliver on our full year numbers.
John Gamble: Sure. So, I think the full year is down a point, principally because of employer. Right. So that some of the items we talked about certainly was yes, it's a deferral, but it's lower for the year and it doesn't all turn in 2024. And ERC is lower for the year. And so generally speaking, the reduction is principally related to employer. On mortgage, we did indicate we're seeing slightly better performance than mortgage on inquiries. Right. That we said, we had expected shopping when we gave a guidance back in February to kind of to be not as substantial in 2024. What we saw in the first quarter is it was. So we're now assuming it will continue for the entire year. And that even though they're made, the inquiries are similar to; we're expecting a little weaker level of performance in terms of outperformance. Right. That we just talked about. So that's affecting mortgage revenue overall. Non -mortgage verifier revenue really strong, that continues to be very, very good. Government's performing incredibly well, outperforming our expectations overall. We expect talent to recover. We actually had fairly good performance in kind of the non-mortgage financial services portion of the P&L. So we felt relatively good about that. So overall, non-mortgage in verification services is very good. So the real movement relative to the 8% we gave before the biggest driver is employer services and then also mortgages, is even though maybe you have a little better overall inquiries in total for the year, they're being offset by the weaker level of outperformance that we talked about. Principally driven by mix. Right. Principally driven by customer mix, which we saw in the first quarter.
John Gamble: Yes. We basically assume it's going to continue into the second quarter. Right. So we're seeing it to be at lower run rates. So we're assuming those run rates are just going to continue.
John Gamble: Yes. So we haven’t broken down all of the different markets that we have in USIS. FI and auto are two of our largest segments. So certainly the case, but we haven’t specifically given dollar values within our online services for auto and card. But they’re large within our total OIS revenue.
John Gamble: I think what we did is we’ve given a view specifically as it relates to total non-mortgage for USIS. And we talked about that in the call, both for the second quarter and for the year, right? And I think that’s the level of granular we’re going to talk about. We did indicate that we expect to see very nice performance in U.S. consumer, very nice continued growth above our long-term averages, right, with commercial, good performance also within ID and fraud right? Those we expect to continue to perform very, very well. We had very good performance in FI in the first quarter. We gave specifics on that as well. But in terms of specifics by segment, no, we don’t give guidance at that level.
John Gamble: I think talent moves back across ten, which we think is very beneficial. You asked upfront about the pipeline for new contributors. We think the pipeline is very strong. What we talked about is who we've closed. The pipeline is also strong and there's opportunities for strengthen as we go through the year. And we would expect that it would, right. So we feel very good about the pipeline of new contributors and it's growing as we continue to add more.
John Gamble: And it has some exciting new products in EWS, some of which we've already talked about, which we think should drive growth again in the non-mortgage segments, generally in verifier. So again we feel very good about the trends that you should be seeing as we go through the year and that will deliver.
John Gamble: So far what we've seen, I think in terms of the broader markets other than mortgage, right. Obviously mortgage we guided and now assuming a market that was consistent with run rates that we were seeing. As Mark said, I think expectations in the market were very different than that. And we've seen probably the market expectations move toward where we started, maybe not quite to where we were, but moved in that direction. Other than that, right. I think the only market we talk about where we've seen a little weakness is in auto, and we have seen that was a little weaker than we expected. Other than that, generally speaking, I think the markets don't look that different than when we started the year. FI looks fairly good. Right. So I think we feel fairly good and we think things are operating consistent, generally speaking with where we started the year. Right. The big impact on USIS non-mortgage that we – that we've already talked about is our sales to other bureaus. Right. And that, that was weaker than we thought, and we've now assumed that that'll continue.
John Gamble: And if you take a look at the TWN inquiries that we discussed, as well as compare them to credit, somewhat similar, and they tend to be moving directionally together. So that's something we look at closely to see how they're moving together. Because we know in one case credit, we see all the transactions because it's mandated, right. So when we think about looking at trends and trends in EWS, we try to compare them a little bit to USIS, so that we can, that's our best judge for how things are trending across both businesses.
