Mark Begor: Yeah, Andrew. Thanks for the question. And you’re right, the Workforce Solutions or TALX was only a couple of years into Equifax at the point and it was a different scale of the business. Their database was a fraction of the size it is today. It’s 2x the scale of it. There is no question that there will be pockets in our perspective. And I think John showed you some of the trends in April, where income employment data is used in personal loans or in auto, subprime auto, where we’re seeing some pressure there or declines in the recent weeks as a result of reductions in originations. There aren’t many people buying cars in the last five weeks for example. But if you look at the broader perspective of the business and where income and employment data is used, we believe that the TWN data or income and employment data is more valuable today in this economic event from COVID-19 than it was in the global financial crisis. In the global financial crisis, you had unemployment levels that were quite high. We’re going to have that again. But you didn’t have the uncertainty around consumers that were on, furlough, that had reduced salaries. You didn’t have the salary reductions that are so widespread today. And you didn’t have the pace of the scale of the unemployment waves going through the economy. And what we’re hearing from our customers is that the value of knowing if someone is working and the value of knowing how much they’re making is more important today in this economic cycle because of the unprecedented impact on consumer’s incomes in the United States is really just changes dramatically. You add to it the scale of the use of the product in mortgage, which is much larger today than it was back then, the system, the system connections that we have. We have a low interest environment today that’s going to drive refis. The purchase volume, we expect to be down during the pandemic, but with low interest rate environments and stimulus will that increase in the future. And then you have the ability of the business to continue to add data records. We’ve really scaled our capability to add records. And as you know, while we have hit rates that vary from 30% to 40%, we have 50%, 60%, 70% situations where we can’t meet a customers request for income and employment data because our database is only 50% of non-farm payroll. So as we grow the database, the revenue in that business just grows from hit rates because of the systems impact there. So that’s a bit of a long-winded discussion that - first off, we think Workforce Solutions has a really strong position in this COVID pandemic environment. And we think it has a lot of levers to continue to strengthen that position going forward. And then last, is that we really believe that if you think about data assets and value in the COVID pandemic versus the global financial crisis or prior recessions, understanding someone’s income and employment is critical. I hope that helps.
Mark Begor: Yeah. Well, there is no question. You look back, I think we shared some stats back, in 2009 we had 30,000 contributors. Those were largely - primarily large businesses. And I think you know we’ve had an intentional strategy of not only adding large businesses over the last decade and last year and current months, but also really getting to small businesses because that’s where a lot of the workforce is. And we ended the quarter I think with 700,000 companies contributing data to us. So we’re clearly getting more small businesses contributing. Where the impact of the pandemic is, it’s really going to be widespread. You think about large companies, whether they’re airlines or hotels or hospitality, restaurants, there is large companies out there that are furloughing lots of their employees, their executive team and very - and salaried employees are taking large salary reductions. So this is a pretty broad-based economic event. And as I discussed with Andrew, what we’re hearing from our customers is that understanding the impact of forbearances and delinquencies is a challenge. And it’s more challenging now than it was in the global financial crisis. But understanding, who's working? How much they're making? Has their salary been reduced? Are they on furlough at 30% reduction? Are they in a salary reduction and down 50%, is really critically important. And the pace of those changes are so rapid, meaning salary reductions happening last week. And if you think about the data assets we have and the industry has, this is the most current data asset in the industry, meaning we’re updated every pay cycle. So we have data every week or two weeks from our contributors, which makes that data incredibly valuable because of its currency. So that’s why that business is doing so well and why we expect it to do well in this economic environment. And we're not going to slow down our strategy around adding new records. As you know, we have a dedicated team, that’s all they do, is work with big companies and payroll processors to increase our data contributors, and that’s clearly a part of our strategy. You saw the growth that we had in the last year, up to 105 million records or 80 million uniques [ph] and that’s going to continue. So that’s another lever for that business in April and May and June and in the second half of 2020 as we continue to add data records going forward. While we’re pleased we have close to half of the non-farm payroll in our database, we don't have the other half. And that’s our opportunity to go work on that, which is a unique lever for growth because, as you know, the business model, the system, the system integrations, when a mortgage originator’s saving our file, if they get a hit rate on our 80 million uniques, then they use that for the income and employment verification. If they don’t, they have to go down another path. So every day that we’re adding new records, that revenue goes up in any economic cycle as they hit our database.
Mark Begor: Yeah. As you know and I’ll let John jump in. We don’t forecast mortgage. It’s not our gig. There is others that do that quite well. We look at all the mortgage forecasts when we’re doing our normal modeling, I think, as you know, and we translate that through in a pretty formulaic way into our typical forecast and guidance. And I think as John pointed out, with where the future is, it’s very hard, I think even for them to forecast what’s going to happen. So we’re not really using that beyond – we’re really focused on daily trends at this point.
Mark Begor: Okay. I think - Manav, thanks for the question. I think we and I don’t think there is any company out there that can forecast where this is going to go. How long are these lockdowns going to last? When are these going to be relaxing with economic activity? Consumers are stuck in their homes, how can they buy a car? Or how can they do a lot of financial activity? And that’s why we don't see a way to forecast 2020 versus 2009. We tried to point out some of the very powerful differences in Equifax versus the global financial crisis, which we think serves us well as we enter this COVID crisis. But we don’t know what the next stimulus package is going to be. We don’t know what's going to happen when the payroll protection program ends in September. Is there going to be another wave of layoffs? Likely, you would think. It’s hard to tell. Are people going to start flying again and going to hotels? Are they going to go to restaurants? Those things, there’s so many uncertainties. So what we focused on was try to be really transparent with you, try to help you understand the significant changes in Equifax versus 2009 with Workforce Solutions up to 37% of our business and a sizable part of our EBITDA. US mortgage which we expect to continue to grow through this pandemic because of low interest rates and refis driving that and the cost actions that we’ve taken. We’ve tried to give you the best framework we can. And as soon as we have some visibility around where we think 2020 or 2021 is going, we’ll certainly provide it. But we think we’re better positioned today than we certainly were in 2009 because of the mix of our businesses.
Mark Begor: And those, John, are happening as we speak, meaning, just with the massive spike in unemployment claims coming in and off, we’re certainly in revenue mode with those subscription agreements that we have.
Mark Begor: I think what will be interesting is that next couple of weeks, I think as everyone is watching, you’re seeing some markets start to relax the shelter in place. Chile, I think, where we have a business is starting next week. And New Zealand is starting. You see some states in the United States that are talking about relaxing that in the coming weeks. And I think that will be indicative of, you know, as we have this walk back from a shelter in place to having some levels of economic activity of what that does to our current run rates.
Mark Begor: John, maybe I could just add. I think the group on the call knows that up until today’s call, we’ve kind of talked about percentages that we see from savings from the cloud transformation. But now that we’re at kind of the end of the first quarter and heading towards the last three quarters of the year, we thought it was helpful to put some dollars in of what we expect those benefits to be in ‘21 and ‘22 and going forward.
Mark Begor: Yeah. It’s a great question. And there’s clearly been momentum. We’ve seen fairly steady, but there’s been some bumpy sequential improvement over the last couple of years post the cyber event in 2017. And as you know, USIS was impacted most significantly. And as we got into the second half of 2019 and the first quarter, you can see the non-mortgage online responding there. The win rates have been pretty broad-based. I think you know we’ve got a really strong commercially oriented leader in Sid Singh that was kind of a year and change into his role. So he’s really taking hold. He’s restructured the commercial organization in the last few months, and that’s bringing some new energy into how they’re focused in the marketplace. The new product rollouts are helpful, growing products last year, gives him more stuff to sell and his team, which I think is quite helpful. So really, there isn’t a segment that stands out. We’re focused on all of them. And I think you know we put a particular focus on fintech because that’s a space where our competitors are much stronger than we are. We’ve spooled up, I think, we’ve gone probably from a year or 18 months ago from a couple of people calling on fintech to close to a dozen today that are in that space. And of course, that has historically been growing pre-COVID much more rapidly than the normal market. So it was a space that we wanted to play in. So no good answer on anything that really stands out except that there’s just been a real focus around driving that. And the second half of your question is, are we back yet? The question, no, of course, USIS, our competitors pre-COVID, and I don’t know what their first quarter numbers look like, but I expect their non-mortgage growth - organic growth would be higher than USIS' in the United States. So that’s a growth rate we're still chasing. We still believe that our team has the potential to get back and be competitive, as exhibited by the win rates that they’re having in the marketplace. And when I think about going into the COVID pandemic and the economic impacts having that momentum from USIS still in recovery mode is positive. The fact that they have had the sequential growth and the performance in the second half of ‘19 and the first quarter performance gives me confidence that they’re going to react and support our customers in the marketplace. And then you couple that with having the - some of the unique data assets we have like TWN that the USIS team can sell in the marketplace, that can bundle with the existing credit file sales or other ways to go to market and bring value to our customers and using our new single data fabric with integrated solutions that combine our USIS data with our TWN data, those are more opportunities for that team to have more wins in the marketplace.
Mark Begor: Yeah. Like most companies, we took actions as soon as we saw the pandemic hit. As I said in my comments, we’ve got a hiring freeze in place at Equifax. But that excludes where we see we need resources for the cloud transformation or for new products. So there’s some benefits from that, that you expect, Jeff, would roll through. There’s the travel benefits. No one’s traveling. We’ll -- I would guess there’ll be no internal travel at Equifax for the rest of the year until there’s some clarity around the vaccine and there’ll be limited commercial travel. So that rolls in there. And then we also are tightening our belt around our other discretionary costs with third parties, advisers, consultants, others that are doing work that are not integral to the cloud transformation or to the - our new product rollouts. Those are areas that we’re trimming back and that - John can answer the question around the framework, and I’ll let John take that.
Mark Begor: Jeff, maybe I’ll add one more comment. From our perspective, when you think about how we're running the company, I said in my comments quite clearly and hopefully clearly, that we’re going to protect our franchise. We’ve got the financial strength to continue to make strategic investments even in this challenging economic time, and that includes the cloud transformation, which John and I both said, we’re – we’re spending what we plan to spend in 2020. And frankly, if we could find a way to accelerate the spending to accelerate the savings and benefits, we might do that. And the same with NPI. As you know, last year, we increased our spending in NPI, and that resulted in more new products. If we find opportunities to increase our spending around new products in 2020, we will do that in order to deliver in the near term you know, new products related to the recession impacts, but also for the future of Equifax. And then on the discretionary cost side, these are belt tightenings that are obviously meaningful, but are focused on areas where we won’t, in my words, impact the franchise in the future of Equifax in ‘21 and ‘22.
Mark Begor: Well, if they’re outside of their subscription, pretty quickly. Meaning they’re on the clock. That’s how the economics work.
Mark Begor: But we’re clearly in that mode with a whole bunch of like a lot of the customers in the last couple of weeks.
Mark Begor: Yeah. We don’t have a specific timetable for that. It’s a very significant contract for us, as I mentioned. It’s the largest contract in our history if we look back. It’s one that really represents the power of that income and employment data that we have in EWS. And we wanted to give you some visibility as we were talking about ‘21 and ‘22, and obviously, ‘23 and ‘24, because it’s a five year contract, that contract is going to be rolling in. And as we get closer to either the next few quarters or closer to our ‘21 guidance or the financial framework that we plan to put in place later in the year, we’ll certainly give you more specifics on that.
Mark Begor: I think maybe just - as you might imagine, what we are seeing is that the customers we deal with have pulled back on prescreens or originations. They’re raising risk scores because of the uncertainty around the consumer, which impacts their volume. And as I mentioned in my comments, you may recall that I was running GE Capital’s credit card business, which is now Synchrony, back in 2009 and those are the actions we took. Until you have some clarity around the consumer in those kind of businesses, whether it’s P loan, auto or cards, you’re going to be more conservative on your originations. On the flip side of that is, as I mentioned, which is the beauty of the business that we’re in, is the countercyclical side is in my experience, we spent more money on portfolio management and credit line increase and decrease actions in order to manage the existing book that you have because the consumer is changing so rapidly. And one area we see that we’re seeing some real traction on is increased discussions and activity around our income and employment data from Workforce Solutions in some of those spaces where we historically had less penetration or market share.
Mark Begor: Yeah. I think it’s really tough to predict what's going to happen because we’ve never seen anything like this and there’s so many uncertainties about how is the consumer going to come back? What's the stimulus going to look like? Is there going to be a second wave after the payroll protection plans here in the United States of unemployment action? So you have all those things layered in there which really impact how long this cycle is going to be and how much stimulus is going to be put at it. Clearly, we’ve seen unprecedented amounts that will be helpful. But the depth of this one, when you think about travel and the impacts from unemployment in so many sectors is just massive. Whether it will persist on the frequency post this economic event, hard to predict, I do expect the frequency of refreshing your data, refreshing your portfolio to be much more in this economic event than it was in 2009, just because there’s so many more uncertainties in this environment. The second thing I would say that I mentioned earlier in my comments that I think is going to be uniquely valuable for Equifax is income and employment data, who’ working and who’s not, is going to be - we didn’t have the database and the scale that we had in 2009 [ph]. We do today, but the volatility of people’s salaries and ability to repay their debt is so much different in this economic environment than last one. And then to your point, does that result in work number or our TWN income and employment data becoming more of the workflows going forward? I think it’s really possible. And we’re opportunistically trying to work on that. When you think about mortgage, every mortgage in the United States that’s originated for the most part pulls all three credit files and most - and they all have to really verify income and employment. We’re very integrated in that workflow, but we still have more opportunities for system to system integration. We don’t have - we only have - I say only, we only have half of the non-farm payroll. So there is a 50% of the originations or whatever the percentage is, something like that, that have to be verified in another way. So we’ll be able to grow going in that space. We don't have that same penetration in some of the other sectors. And this could result in an extended period for Workforce Solutions to increase its market share in some of those other spaces like auto, like P loans and like cards, which we’ve been working on pre-pandemic and we’re really spooling up now.
Mark Begor: John, I think it’s safe to say that the incremental margins on this incremental unemployment claim volume is quite high.
Mark Begor: And maybe, John, just to add to that, as you probably know or you may know, we sell various flavors of our Workforce Solutions TWN data. We sell system to system integration if the consumer’s going through a mortgage process and the originator hits our file, if there’s a consumer in that file, then they pull that record in the - we charge them for it, whether they’re working today or they were working six months ago, nine months ago, 12 months ago, et cetera, dependent upon the product that they pull in. We also – there’s applications or customer use cases where so-called inactive records, meaning someone was working or on our database a year ago or six months ago or two months ago and is not active today is another revenue source for us that we sell. So there’s multiple ways that we're able to sell the data, including the active records.
Mark Begor: I think it’s hard for us to see that in mortgage because that’s - mortgage is fairly strong, both in the credit file in USIS and then with the verification and Workforce Solutions. I think, as John pointed out, in USIS, our non-mortgage volume is, obviously, trends are down versus first quarter and last year. And those are going to reflect things like auto and P loans and credit cards, and it’s going to be a combination. It’s going to be primarily of them reducing originations. Part of it is just from economic activity or foot traffic, meaning with people in shelter in place, you can't buy a car. Or you can, but it’s not as much happening. And then some of it is going to be, as you described of lenders, which some I’ve talked to, and I know that's what I did in 2009, when I was running GE Capital's business, you tighten up originations, so you figure out where that - where the consumer is going to be. So you raise score cut-offs or different ways to make sure you’re protecting your book while you’re still doing some originations. But we’ve clearly seen declines in those markets, not only in the United States but in other markets around the globe.
Mark Begor: Well, there’s nothing similar about 2009. There is but I’m being a little sharp on that. This is so different. In 2009 there wasn’t shelter in place and there wasn’t every retail operation, auto dealers, you name it, shut down for months at a time. That’s dramatically different, just the economic activity. And as I mentioned earlier, as we’re starting to see some relaxation in states like here in Georgia, they’re going to allow restaurants to open in a week or two and things like that. That to me is what is one point that’s just dramatically different and you really can't compare how we performed until we get back to what I would call normal economic activity, meaning consumers are allowed to go to stores and want to go to stores and so on. Even with that, it's my view that this is going to be dramatically different than 2009 from an economic standpoint, just because of how consumers are going to operate. Are they going to go on a plane on vacation? That drives economic activity and credit cards. Are they going to put off buying a new car? The waves of unemployment are very different now than they were in 2009, and we’ve never seen, in our lifetimes, the waves of furloughs or salary reductions. It’s just never been at that scale, which obviously changes how the consumer is operating and can operate. So that’s just dramatically different. Now why we thought it was important to share that with you of what we looked like in 2009 was not about the specific percentages, but really how our - the resiliency of our business is, and we try to give you our view of how we categorize the businesses and a business like Workforce Solutions powered through the 2009 crisis is currently powering through the COVID crisis. We expect that to continue. The same with US mortgage. With low interest rates, us being over-indexed to mortgage in the United States is a good thing. It’s generating margin that we can use to reinvest in the business as that business goes forward. So I think there is more differences in similarities, but the difference is around the scale of our recession-resistant businesses being dramatically larger in this economic event versus 2009, which was the worst we’ve ever seen until now, I think, serves us well as we get deeper into this COVID economic recession.
John Gamble: And as you know, right, between MBA, Fannie and Freddie that their forecasts are extremely divergent right now. So it’s made it more difficult to rely on those. We obviously talk to them a great deal, understanding what their economists think. But as Mark said, given that no one can really forecast the economy right now, we’re heavily focused on trends.
John Gamble: Sure. So the way the business model works is it’s a subscription business in effect, where when people sign up for a subscription, they get a certain number of claims as part of the subscription. And then as they run through the subscription, they pay overages. So what’s occurring, right, is obviously is no one anticipated this level of claims. So customers are running through their annual subscription. And then when they run through that they start to pay overages. And the reason you’re seeing the revenue start to grow. But it’s at a - it isn’t consistent necessarily with movements in unemployment, it’s because of the fact that the - that as employers run through their subscription level, then they start paying for overages based on when their subscription effectively started. So that’s what you're seeing, and that’s why you’re seeing the growth rates that we’re talking about.
John Gamble: I guess, the only thing I would add to that is it has been relatively variable, right? So we look at the trends daily. And you will see meaningful changes in any given day in the level of revenue when you look year-over-year, right? And that's why we tend to look over the longer periods. But I don't think there were any really distinct trends. Probably if you looked at USIS online mortgage, you’d say it was probably somewhat trending a little bit negative. But quite honestly, we consider that in the chart that we put forward. So - but other than that, the trends, I’d say the trends are a bit variable and that’s quite honestly why we put a range on what we provided on slide 14, not because it’s a guidance range, but because there’s variability in the activity we’re seeing in the month. And the only other place we’re probably seeing some trends where we mentioned is seeing a little bit of a trend in the UK, it’s trending negatively. And in some countries, we’re seeing some stability, right? So we started to see stability in let’s say, Australia. So that’s been somewhat of a positive. But overall, the trends are relatively consistent, but they are highly variable in the period, although wobbling around the averages we gave.
John Gamble: The other point to make is we’re clear on, right, is that International, right, the percentage of online business is just lower. So the clarity on the impact of the rates that we’re giving you, the percentages we’re giving you, on the entire business is less. We think what we’ve done is reasonable, but the level of online reporting is just lower.
John Gamble: Yeah. So just looking at slide 11, right? I mean, what we tried to do was just provide some indicative levels of dollars based on 2019 actual cost levels, since that’s what we – that’s the only data that we have, that’s a complete year and available. So, we’ve talked about this in the past, right? So the COGS savings or ex D&A, and those are things that will ramp in as we start shutting systems down, right? So, as things decommission, principally starting very late this year and then going into 2021 and then 2022, you’ll see those ramp. The development expense, obviously, next year, we stop with Sierra reporting in 2021. So our development expense, you’ll actually see an increase in 2021, not because the spending is higher, the spending will actually be lower. It’s just because in 2020 and 2019, we were showing - we included some of this development spending in Sierra in separate recording, right, which we had separated. So, it wasn't included in our adjusted - in our adjusted EPS. So you’ll see an increase in dev expense, but then as we complete the transformation, you will see the dev expense starts to decline principally as we get into 2022 and to Mark’s comments. Same thing with capital, right? As you complete the US transformation, which Mark talked about completing in 2021, once that’s complete, that’s when you start seeing the capital reduction start to occur. So these things will phase in over time. D&A, D&A, I think we’d indicated was a big step-up this year. We don’t have a crystal ball into 2021. It’s unlikely you’ll see a big reduction in 2021. You could actually see somewhat of an increase based on the spending we’re seeing now. So I wouldn’t expect that. But again, that - we don’t have a crystal ball. That’s a difficult thing at this point to forecast. In terms of near term, if you’re talking about second quarter, getting some benefit from this in the second quarter, now we’ve included everything that we believe that will occur in the second quarter. And it’s the prior slide, which gives a view as to the impact on the transformation in 2020. And there, we’re actually incurring the incremental cost of transformation because we’re seeing the duplicate costs that we’ve talked about in the past and that we’ve shown on slide 10. So, hopefully, that covered your question.
John Gamble: The only thing I’d throw in there is, as you know, and I’m sure every business is dealing with, as we now work through April, May and June, we’re evaluating the funnel very closely given the effects that are happening to our customers around - because of the pandemic, so.
John Gamble: Sure. So you also specifically mentioned variable compensation. And no, it doesn’t include savings on variable compensation since the first quarter was so strong. Obviously, if that was to occur, that would be in the future. So I think Mark covered it, right? Effectively, what it is, it’s the removal of any growth we had in spending in the plan that we would have shared with you back in February. And then the real reductions come in, in the reductions in discretionary spend, which we have taken some and we’re continuing to work, and we’ll expect to have more progress there, and then also substantial reductions in T&E. And then in terms of our employee expense, effectively, we’re holding everything flat, as Mark said. So no new hiring and we’ll see the benefit of attrition. But that’s what's in the numbers today and that’s what the second quarter reflects. And that’s how we’ve done our longer term scenario planning as we plan our business through the end of 2020. Beyond that, there is no incremental benefits to cost savings in the illustrative view that we provided you on slide 14.
John Gamble: Yeah. It's just - tactically, it’s when we deliver the service, right? So when this is delivered and the claim would be filed and then the overage has occurred and we can bill for it, then the revenue would be recognized in period.
John Gamble: No. I just – I’d say, I think we gave quite good detail on non-mortgage in total, but, no, we haven’t broken it down for everybody by line of business. So I think that’s a level of granularity we’re going to hold back on. We’re okay where we are.
John Gamble: Yes. So we haven't given specific margin differences. What we have said is that Verification Services looks somewhat like the online portions of USIS, somewhat lower, right, because they have some royalty payments that are larger than what USIS might pay and that Employer Services is quite a bit below that, okay? But we haven't actually given a specific breakdown. Although given the detail we gave on split of revenue and then total margin for the BU, I think you can probably get pretty close.
John Gamble: Yeah. So I mean, effectively, the dynamic that's occurring, right, is that as we get payroll files to the extent that we have a given employer that has done a layoff so that the employment is much lower, which I think is what you’re referring to, then, yes, work number records would decline. What’s been offsetting that, right, I mean, certainly, year-on-year, but also continuing through this quarter - sorry, last quarter in the first quarter is there was a substantial increase in the number of subscribers starting really, as we talked about kind of September through the end of last year and a very large increase in records. So what you’re looking at is very large increases in records year-on-year and absolutely some offset from unemployment increasing once individuals become unemployed. And I think the dynamic that's benefiting us is the year-over-year benefit we have from what I just referenced and then also the continued work that the team is doing to add new contributors at a relatively rapid pace. So as we go through this year, we’ll have to see how those two dynamics play out in terms of our ability to add new contributors and then also the negative effect, which is - which as our contributors have lower employee bases that you see our - that impact the record base. But so far, because of the large additions in new contributors we’ve seen over the past five plus six to seven months that continues to be a net positive. As we go through the year, we’ll keep you up-to-date on what it looks like.
John Gamble: Sorry, just for clarity, we said non-mortgage is down 30% online. Total online, we said down just over 10%. I just wanted to make sure you’re comparing the right numbers, that’s all.
John Gamble: So for us, most, not all, marketing and portfolio management would be batched. So that would be an FMS. And that’s a place where we would have less visibility now, I think, as you mentioned in the call, because that batch business tends to happen for end of periods and it isn’t really as subject to reliable trends. So we’ve made assumptions about what will happen there, but they are far less based on trends. And they are based on the trends we're seeing in online. Within online, we do know by general industry type. And I think there is some detail within industry type deeper than that. But in terms of a specific use case within a lender, no, not so much, right. So for example, if someone pulls a mortgage file, we’ll certainly know who hold it. But we don’t necessarily know if it's for a refi or not or we don’t - or versus a new purchase or in some cases it’s difficult to tell if it's even for HELOC [ph].
