Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning guys. So I wanted to – Rick there’s a lot of things your throwing out in terms of initiatives that are taking place and I just wanted to parse it a little bit, when we think about this conviction going into the second half and I guess what I’m trying to figure out is, how much of the benefit really needs to be kind of cyclical and then the second part is, versus what I would consider to be kind of contractual obligations or what your seeing kind of spool up in all of your new products. I’m just trying to split those two a bit.
Dan Perlin: Okay, and then on the home equity lending side, you know that sounds like something that’s new and could be meaningful. When we think about that, I guess how fast are you seeing that kind of pace or play now and is that something that also gives you some confidence as you think about second half and just, I want to be clear where that falls in the P&L. Is that in verification services or is that up in somewhere else. Thanks.
Dan Perlin: Okay, and then just a last one, congratulations on renewing the CMS deal. But now we’ve got some framework for numbers around that. Should we come to expect that the contractual minimums is something that is just the jumping off point and you guys should earn a lot more of that revenue possibly into ’14. Thanks, I’ll jump off.
Rick Smith: Yes, it’s tough to quantify the exact breakup. But let me give you some color around it Dan. One, vertical markets, the we’ve doing, and have been doing that for a couple of years, focus on verticals like autos, for example insurance, Telco are very more frequently anticipate just a few months ago, a few quarters ago, that’s number one.  Number two, like we mentioned the acquisitions that we have, which are great strategically and they become accretive a the back end of year, that helps us.  And two, the mortgage market, as I said before, is abating almost as expected. So it really comes down to continuing to do the things that the group has been doing for a number of years now, focusing on customers needs, bundling price together in a unique way to solve this problem and executing on a high level. That combined with a little bit of market help.  I think the economy will start to improve, we’re seeing it in some of data right now in many parts of the world., is that the economy is improving; that helps us as well.
Rick Smith: Great question Dan. Its early stages and I’m very encouraged. We saw some nice volume in the end of the first quarter, we expect that to continue in the second quarter. So I think you'll see that home equity is right at the historical numbers in home equity loans in the marketplace. You’ll see us returning closer to more normal levels versus the fresh levels we’ve had last four or five years. As far as where it shows up, it predominantly shows up in our EWS business and verification of employment and income.
Rick Smith: Yes, sure I hope so Dan. Thank you for you for the congratulations on the renewal. Dan Adams is a doing a heck of a job with CMS for the last 18 months is secure, has been re-secured. There’s a lot of noise in this, and frontline of 8 million people who have signed up and you should think about it around the contractual minimums at this point and as far as ramp up you know I expect that in 2015, not 2014.
Rick Smith: Yes, thanks Paul. Yes, it’s pretty cool. Lee and his team have been working with Polk, a standalone company for a number of years now and the good news is post IHS acquisition of Polk the doors have continued to remain open. The see us a unique provider of solutions for the automotive vertical, they know this is a unique focus for us. So we've already had a couple, I mentioned one on the call which is the lost sales analysis, which is really, its helps the underwriters of risk understand why they lost the risk, how to place the risk, where the ultimate buyer ends up going and why and how they might reposition the next offering better to reduce churn of loss sales.  That is one of the many products that we are currently working with IHS on. And again, I think that’s an example. Maybe goes back to Dan’s question of what’s different, is when we restructure a company we want deep execution on different verticals like auto. You get intimate with that industry and you understand their needs and challenges. So our ability to bundle our new products is so important now and so much more effective than it would have been and that sales analysis with IHS is one example.
Rick Smith: Yes, there is nothing unusual on either side that is either drawing optimism or concern, you got some seasonality in both areas. As I look at the long term forecast for both Europe, excluding Russia, but Europe is a little solid performance outperforming the marketplace growing at multiple of GDP. I see it continuing, but I don’t see anything that is really unusual either on the upside or for the downside in that geography.
Rick Smith: Yes, good question. As I think about the tenants, the long-term growth for the company, kind of new area source and talking to you in the past about fraud and ID, prevention as being one, we talked about analytical solutions being another. So clearly we’re investing in a very heavy rate. We brought a great guy in, who's steeped in his understanding of and developing of analytical products. He's done analytics for Hewlett-Packard and he has been for about a year now.  So one, having the focus and the talent around analytics, and two, having the unique data assets available to build those new analytics and insights. I think we’re in a pretty good position, so its clearly a place where we have been and will continue to make a bet on investments in because I think we are uniquely positioned because of our unique data assets. As far as verticals, its going to start off with the verticals where we think we’re uniquely positioned with our unique dated assets, automotive is one, mortgage is one, Telco is one, insurance is one. To start with those are the key areas we can start and maybe also (Inaudible).
Rick Smith: I do for one primary reason we have developed some technical capabilities that maybe was to – maybe write the data in different ways than we could before, to do it real-time and do it cost-efficiently. Those capabilities have started late last year, early this year that continue to be the third quarter and I expect us to be in position where we can run a much faster rate, in an economical way in the fourth quarter this year. It's early days but very encouraging days.
Rick Smith: Yes, yes, great question. To make sure I understand it, I’ll expand on time the differences. We have a analytical capability that builds a company. They said give us all of your data and with that data we can analyze and tell if your complying with Affordable Care Act. Two revenue streams that have been important to acknowledge; one is we charge those hundred plus companies for that analytical solution.  Secondly, in many cases those companies that were using our platform, our analytics have not been Work Number contributors in the past. So we use this platform, analytics platform to not only solve their problem. But in many cases added a Work Number database, which has exceeded our expectations so far and so the monetization of that is once you get on the database, people start hitting that database, looking for verification and for an income and you know if those record, cost records looks like there.  So there’s two revenue streams. The latter, Work Number database lags obviously you get it at the end, cleansed and people start hitting it, project revenues is more immediate.
Rick Smith: Okay great question, and again the governments proclaimed 7 million to 8 million people that have signed up. There is so much more, in those numbers than you’ve expected. So again you can find that many of those people are retired people, so there’s more people on the record at this juncture.  So we are not seeing – I think someone asked the question earlier. If you think about 2014, think more in the framework of the minimum security by CMS and my hope is if this thing ramps up in 2015 and beyond, you’ll see revenues move well beyond the minimums, its too early to claim that now. So as I said in the past calls, as we more and more get smarter to see what’s occurring in the market place you guys will be the first to know. 
Rick Smith: I don’t have that off the top of my head, but again you got to put it in perspective. We launched anywhere from 15 to 75 new products every year. Have been so for about seven years, so its truly broad based. We don’t typically look at or get what you call home runs with products. In total it ends up being a significant number of goals. As you know there’s a vitality mix of 10% and 11% coming from possibly just three years ago. So it tends to be a bunch of singles and doubles and it’s truly in almost every geography we have around the world. 
Rick Smith: And just – that’s a good point Lee. For your benefit, those categories have been largely consistent, not just this first quarter, but as you said the last year or two, that’s an area of focus. 
Rick Smith: Yes, at this juncture we are really focused on integrating TDX, Inffinix, Paraguay and taking strategically the Inffinix and TDX platforms as I mentioned earlier to different geography. I think that’s a key to the business occupying for quite some time.  For M&A, we continue to look at M&A. We’re focused more on strategic tuck-ins than there are large deals and so it’ll always be an important part of our strategy. There’s noting that’s imminent to talk about this juncture. 
Rick Smith: Let me speak from memory. Maybe you have that later Jeff. We talked about – the MBA was – talked about being done probably in the first half of the year, modestly in the second half of the year, total year down by 30% for the year. Second quarter will improve over first quarter is it is down 15%. It maybe down 20% to 30% for the second quarter. Does that sound about right. 
Rick Smith: The trend is everyone is expecting mortgage in general, beyond MBA. The mortgage market in the second quarter was a modestly better than the first quarter.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think it’s more of a process than a product line. NPI was launched seven years ago and after we’ve waited for seven years, it runs the risk of becoming somewhat stale, when the entitlement sets in.  So its just our way of reenergizing, redefining the parameters on NPI, think about NPI. How you get new ideas in from clients and working with VC firms and Silicon Valley firms. Just to continue to make sure we got great ideas coming through the funnel. So its our way of reenergizing it and we started it late last year and its off to a great start. My hope is that this keeps the energy around NPI going for another four, five years. 
Rick Smith: It will ebb and flow, because sometimes you’ll have large products in one particular venue that will run off in a particular year, so its accounted. The last four years, as you get into the fourth year, we’re counted as part of the core to them, not the vitality. So every business unit will have its ups and downs if they have a good product launch in any one given year, so. 
Rick Smith: As far as acquisitions, we’ll obviously look. At this juncture as outlook is specifically auto to answer your question. A key focus here for us, I think we’ve assembled unique data assets that we need to succeed there. I think we’ve assembled the right partners and there are a number of key partners who have capability in the pipes into the automotive industry that they see the value we bring and we see the value they bring.  They tend to look towards commercial agreements versus hard core JVs at this juncture. I don’t see we need to do anything on the M&A front, because that obviously may change. I think we can do as we have been doing and be quite successful.  As far as CoreLogic, I’m not going to break that out. The partnerships are important to us as we get into verticals and vertical focus, to find people like CoreLogic who are very good in a particular spacing and we’re going to bring value and do bring value. It’s a win-win situation. So we are not going to quantity the size of that. 
Rick Smith: Yes, I think so. I think you think of any time we can find it, it will bring value to the mortgage market that we couldn’t bring in the past. That’s offset the revenues, yes. 
Rick Smith: I think we have. Jeff, hope you – have you given the numbers? Yes, we though that that number is around $8 million to $10 million.   
Rick Smith: Thank you. Okay, with that I’d like to thank everybody for their interest and support in Equifax and with that operator we’ll conclude the call. 
Lee Adrean: I don’t know about the dollars, but the growth was about 4%, contributed 4% to growth, so it would be roughly 4% against last year’s revenue, that’s in the low 20’s. That will actually step up some in the second quarter, because we’ll have a full quarter on TEX and also just the effective acquisition accounting. When you first do an acquisition you loose some of the differed revenue that the acquired company may have and that tends to affect the first period the most and then diminish over time. So you’ll see a somewhat bigger effect on growth in the second quarter. There is about 4% in Q1 and the next quarter the growth and contribution is probably more like 5%.
Lee Adrean: Yes, and probably something roughly similar in the second quarter. It really doesn’t start and then it falls off in the third and fourth quarter to much smaller impacts.
Lee Adrean: And George I would add two things. One, on Canada we have had continued good success with our technology and analytical services offerings. We also saw a little bit stronger growth in just our traditional online credit reporting in the first quarter and I don’t know if there’s any predictability to that. It will strengthen or weaken a little bit from time to time. I think Canada continues to be in the low to mid single digit kind of core organic growth trend. On Europe you know, we’ve been indicating that last year it tended to run at very high single digits on organic growth, but looking at a very relatively stagnant U.K. economy and the weak Spain economy reflected just great performance in growth on our part, but we’ve been flagging. That could moderate a little bit and I think that’s what we saw, that it continues to perform well across a number of product and customer segments.
Lee Adrean: The corporate line in addition to having certain of the corporate staff expenses, which tend to be pretty stable, include the number of activities that are project related, discretionary, certain investments that we make that are corporate wide and that line can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. It was down year-over-year in the first quarter, which would not be the normal trend. I would say that you should expect for the year, that the corporate line will be up, but by less than revenue, but you will see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as we have seen some times in the past.
Lee Adrean: Yes, I haven’t looked at it quite that closely. But we probably need to buy between 1 million and 1.25 million shares over the course of the year to offset the effected equity compensation. I have the average shares that could be timing. I don’t know have it right in front of me, the ending shares. My guess is the ending shares many have come down just slightly. But the average shares would be affected when it comes to that timing. We would have been buying relatively late in the quarter, because of the timing of our year-end earnings release. So its probably a function of timing and the effect on weighted average shares. 
Lee Adrean: I can give a couple of examples, some of the bigger categories. The products that we have developed from the Telco positive database are relatively larger products that have developed in the mortgage base, taking advantages of our additional sources of data. We’re bringing some of our technology decision in platforms much more broadly across our international space, and there we have high-end platforms and low-end platforms depending on the size and sophistication of our customers.  Some of the things we’ve down with identity authentication are another one of the larger categories that we’ve brought out. So those are a couple of the product families that have been the most significantly over the last year. 
Lee Adrean: My word of caution on the MBA industry is that we have had difficultly over time tightly correlating our revenue growth, but even some of the flow of closed mortgage loans with the MBA industries. There’s a lot of different sources for data. You can look at different economists and they forecast different things. So there is a lot attention on the MBA indices. Its as good an index as others, but the correlation is a little loose. So be careful about using that as our – a benchmark for our revenue. 
Lee Adrean: On the corporate expense I would expect that they growth probably in the range of 4% or 5%, although again that can change as we make decisions through the year on various projects and initiatives we want to undertake, but my current expectations would be, we might be looking at 4%, 5% growth for the year.  In international, that 25% probably a reasonable number for the second half, but that’s not a full year number, that’s a half number. Particularly as we get TDX integrated, recognizing the seasonality of its business, as well as we get through the period where we’re running off or is not able to recognize their past differed revenue, just give a nature lift in what TDX is contributing. 
