John Gamble: Absolutely. And we've indicated that the spend of the MD activities will run at least through 2019 and obviously as we move through 2018, as we have greater visibility, we'll update people on how we're doing.
John Gamble: Sure. So we said our partner and reseller, which is about 40% as ECS revenue, we said it was up mid single-digits. And our non-consumer direct revenue was up slightly. And that's really Canada and the U.K. and that was Canada growing and the U.K. declining and then ID watchdog contributed just under $5 million.
John Gamble: Yes, so I think we haven't actually spoken specifically about government contracts, but we've indicated rather that in general we continue to work with customers and that there have been some deferrals of agreements where we execute in our CMS business and our financial marketing services business. But as we talked about last quarter we said anything that's really been deferred since the cyber security incident which was in September we would assume as lost. And then going forward what we're doing is just working on winning new agreements with new customers. And as Mark walked you through, we think we're making very good progress there in moving our customers to the point of considering new transactions with us and new products with us. So what we provided was some discussion around the impacts of the cyber security incident last year. But I don't think we specifically talked about government.
John Gamble: Sure. Absolutely. So we consider trended data to be a critical part of our NPI process. We're seeing trended data growing in our business as well. We do think there's applications in auto, we do think there's applications in credit card, and trended data, quite honestly, is something we'll also start to apply around the world. So we would expect that we will see growth from those areas as we move through the future as well.
John Gamble: Yes, so we talked a little bit about this last quarter, right, so until we have clarity around the outcome of the consumer and other litigation and class action litigation, we'll likely not be executing share repurchases until we have a good understanding of what that liability may look like.
John Gamble: Sure. Some of the new products we talked about last year a little bit like for example, InstaTouch, is starting to attract interaction for us with different parts of our existing customers as well as potentially with new customers. Also we've increased our activity in terms of pursuing fintech in the fintech markets. Some of it because of the new products we have offered and has been also further reasons. So we think that's an expansion of the focus that we have had probably over the past six to eight months.
John Gamble: Generally, what should be occurring as you go up -- we're going to see GCS performance weaken, so that will be the thing that probably drives the impact more than anything else if we move through the rest of the year. We would expect you'll see the decline in consumer lightly accelerate.
John Gamble: And as Mark covered, we are also relooking at to state basically the consumer direct market broadly because that market has been changing as we know over the past several years and how much of that market we believe is continue, going to be delivered direct or through resellers and through the premium models somewhat as Mark, referenced. So we look at the market in general to see what we think has happened, we did that a couple of years ago, we are doing that again now, and then, also obviously specifically whether or not we think we have anything differentiate that would let us participate well, if we think that market is still going to, is still going to be a growing opportunity. So, still more work to do.
John Gamble: Thank you Mark and very confirmation progress with customer. So, one of the re-launching products, and then, obviously one of the impact as well as how rapidly we are able to turn them to revenue and so it's very important that we improve the engagement with customer as we are, so that we can get back to a more normal type with customer acceptance with the new products even after their launch. So, certainly an impact on NPI this year for those two reasons.
John Gamble: Yes, those we said the credit business performed very well, right with high single-digit local currency growth. So the impact really was specific to debt, with the debt service the business is very specific really mostly around the one large contract with the U.K. government. The contract itself is performing very well, we think we are collecting at rates that are above the expectations we are improving collections at rates that are above the expectations of our customer, which we think is very good. However, the funding of the project is part of the U.K. government budget cycle and we are working through that right now. Obviously, that's something that's a little bit new to us, in terms of working through the U.K. government budget cycle, but it's specific to that cycle that has resulted in a lower level of activity in the first half of this year. So we are hopeful that we will be able to work through that and as I said to move back type of performance throughout the year but it isn't a issue of the performance of the product of Aventure is performing well, it's really just very specific to the U.K. government budget cycle.
John Gamble: We should yes, but that was I think the bulk of the quarter that occurred this quarter. So you will see it in any quarter going forward. Obviously mortgage tends to be a relatively high percentage of revenue earlier in the year in the first quarter and some of the second quarter investment does tend to tail-off but actually see that live throughout the year.
John Gamble: Yes, so international actually performed very nice other than that management which we talked about international performed very nicely, the growth rate we talked about across Latin America, U.K., Canada, Australia, were all very good. We're fortunate that it looks like the economy is really in all of our major countries are going to perform we think relatively well this year and so we feel very good about that. Some of the major focus areas for them are really continuing to be around NPI, Mark already covered it right NPI is the growth engine of the company, International has long been a very strong performer in NPI, they tend to perform frequently above our goal of vitality index of 10% and the deployment of Cambrian and then our decisioning systems international in international is really accelerating and our expectation is that will allow them to deliver new products faster and develop new products faster. Also what Mark talked about in terms of delivering machine learning through Cambrian and now most of our major international markets we think is something that is going to be very beneficial as we go forward. So we're excited about it and the trend across those businesses really in the credit business has been very strong.
John Gamble: Bill, I think it's really what Mark covered in his opening comments, right. We continue to make very good progress, the discussions are ongoing, we haven't really set an end date right and quite honestly probably continue as we through much of the year as we continue to make progress with customers. This is an evolving process but as Mark indicated, very good progress and moving conversations back towards normal, backward consideration of new products and backward consideration of the type of CMS jobs that have been impacted certainly last year and through this quarter to a degree. So we think very good progress but in terms of setting an end date I don't think that's something we can do.
John Gamble: And some of the transactions on the sizzling system our acceleration of the things that have been occurring so we been moving customers to SaaS system for some time this is just going to make they go much quicker.
John Gamble: I think we said in the call a couple of times, there is no question that the USIS team is seeing some pressure, and has seen some pressure from customers. It's really around the delay of new product work while they get comfortable around our cybersecurity and data infrastructure or rebuilt. And I characterized it a couple of times you know, it feels like those conversations are moving back towards more normal discussions as they get more comfortable with the seriousness that we are invested -- and large investments we are making in our infrastructure. So, that's kind of the color that we have so far, and the team is working hard as you might imagine, to get those NPIs and other product rollouts in front of customers.
Mark Begor: But just maybe to close on that, I hope you feel and others on the phone feel our commitment to this. This is a very large effort by the team, it's a massive undertaking and it's one that we're extremely serious about and we're committed to industry leadership around data security and it will go through for sure for the rest of this year.
Mark Begor: I'll take the first crack at that and John should jump in with more color probably, but Andrew, great to connect with you here for the first time. The answer is no. We don't have that full visibility yet, we're working very hard to do that. The team has -- I would characterize is a pretty good visibility for what we're planning to do in 2018 and I think in the last quarter, John, we talked about that and decided that for you. We haven't really gone beyond '18 yet, but my expectation is that there will be work that will go beyond '18 to complete our data security and infrastructure rebuild and as we get into the second half of the year, I would hope we can give you some visibility around that.
Mark Begor: Yes, I'll start on that one and ask John to jump in too. For me it's early days on that. I've only been here for a little better than a week and a half and had some dialogs around it. Really what I want to take a hard look at is what are the opportunities? There's going to be real balance in the consumer space around a lot of the activities that we're going to deliver to consumers for free and that's something we're committed to and we're committed to giving consumers more control in access around their data and really looking at what are some of the paid services that we may offer in the future and value-added nature. So that's really the kind of calculus for me. I think I mentioned my background is kind of B2C from the synchrony updates and I got a real appreciation for both the protection of consumer data as well as a kind of value-added services you could add, you can deliver to consumers but it's going to take the better part of the second and the third quarter, I would think for us to come as a conclusions about a strategy there that we feel good about. We are going to be thoughtful about it and we will share that when we complete that analysis.
Mark Begor: Yes, it's a great question. This one is on my mind just a short time I've been here. First is I think you properly point out NPI has been a real strength of Equifax as it's you want to think that many things that attracted to be the business there. They rigor their processes around partnering with customers around bringing new products to market and we got a long history of doing that and as you also pointed out there we have had and would some resources on the technology side and other areas working on the data security breach and infrastructure we built, but we are working hard, so we fill those resources on the NPI side. So we expect there will be some pressure there. My goal is to work hard to mitigate that with the addition of resources and focus around NPI because it's important to us and important to our customers going forward. I think it's probably hard to articulate any kind of metrics around that plus there the first quarter was encouraging on the NPIs that we did bring to market versus our expectation. So even six plus months into - since the incident, we are bringing products to market but it will be real focus of ours to continue to resource that and make sure that momentum continues.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think it's a great question. Just wondered on my mind being nine days in here at Equifax and just wondered we are the heat of it obviously ramping up some projects around data security of our infrastructure rebuild. Some of the dialogue I had with the team of goals I'd like to get on the other side of this investment is speed of market with the investments we are making will allow us to bring products to market or quickly an ability to have higher dependability and liability of our infrastructure on the other side. So my goal is that after the market I hope it will improve our cost structure as we make some of these investments and first and foremost we are going to have a data infrastructure and a data security infrastructure that will be industry leading and that should position us well competitively going forward.
Mark Begor: At this time, next year I think having some visibility on our side in years around that, I think it's very, very simple and that's a great goal.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think first I'll start with - I think the team has been, has got a great plan in place and when I think about areas of interest for me nine days in is it's around the patent accountability about around all our projects, as you might imagine there is a lot of work being done here and I'm a big ownership accountability follow-up kind of leaders. So the team had prophecy to place around that, I will just say that I'm going to try to strengthen those and make sure that we are really executing on these projects on a timely basis. Second, would be around this team was operating quickly. I'm a leader that that's the high bar and also my team and that place is really around let's get these projects done and get on with the next one. Third, would be around people, we are adding a bunch of resources here and I want to make sure we are adding top talent in the organization and retaining the talent that we have, so that's an important initiative and the last one is really around customers and transparency. I try to be clear about that and I think the team in the last few months was contributing towards a lot more open in transparent conversations with our customers and that's kind of a table six for me is being really clear with our customers having really strong relationships in connections with them and those four items I rather go off really aren't different probably from what they were doing but you can take from me perhaps some emphasis and really focus on those areas as being important and how I want to lead the business.
Mark Begor: I think I mentioned in what is the prior question on NPI is there is no question, we've got some resource constraints versus pretty incident in all areas of business including NPI and as I said earlier we're working hard to backfill those resources that have been diverted over to work on the data security infrastructure rebuild and IT infrastructure rebuild. So I would say we expect to see some pressure, we want to work hard to try to mitigate that pressures we go through the year and it's it is only the first quarter and I think we said earlier the first quarter was a good start versus last year when it comes to NPI rollouts and we want to say on that important growth quarter for us.
Mark Begor: I will give you a live example from a meeting over there, a week ago Bill with one of our big customers, we spent the first 30 minutes or so giving an update on all the actions we're taking around the data security incidents, the investments and technology and in data security and the CEO of the business we were kind of halfway through our presentation and he said great dialogue let's spend the rest of the time talking about what we're going to do about partnering together help us grow. So I think that an example of that, we're going to be in this dialogue with them for as long as I can see meaning the what the next three quarters or may be longer of reporting out how we're doing but customers are counting on us making those investments, they're counting on it making the data and infrastructure security improvements. They are serious in our progress and they want to get back to talking about business and growth in our NPIs and how we can help them grow.
Mark Begor: I think their first off you hit the nail in the head. I think you laid out what we're trying to do and the opportunity for us in the benefit to come to ask our customers and the other side of this transformation and it's still early days, we're I would say the first John correct if I'm wrong but the first six months or so since the incident, most of our work was around our data security efforts and I would say in the last couple months we started to move towards lot of the infrastructure improvements that you described they have a data security elements to it but they're also going to bring a lot of simplicity; a lot of cost, hopefully improvements to us and also. Allow us to be faster the market with products because we've got a simpler infrastructure and how we interact with our customers.
Mark Begor: Yes, so I think that in the bridges that we try to provide in the script, right, we did talk and I think in each of the businesses other than GCS really in and it present there as well about security and for information cost, we in the fourth quarter we have given some very specific discussion around cost we expected to incur in 2018 related to security and IT investments as well as related to as related to insurers costs and we think we're seeing those, they're impacting our those are certainly impacting that the margins we saw on the first quarter and will likely impact throughout the year is consistent with the guidance we gave in March.
Mark Begor: We didn't really provide guidance on margins but please do remember right we're going to see continue acceleration and decline of the Consumer Direct business, so the marketing spend is out was out in the prior quarters and you can see an acceleration in the decline of it consumer direct business. So that certainly has an effect on margin.
Mark Begor: Obviously that the outcome of the decision, right, on how we are going to move forward will take into account the level of profitability we can deliver. So, at this point in time I don't think I can really address that specifically, but we will wait and see, we'll give you updates on how we are performing at USIS as we move through the year, and as we get to the point of making that decision obviously the level of profitability we think we can drive going forward will be an important consideration.
Mark Begor: Yes. So we don't generally give very specifics around NPI revenue by quarter. We tend to give it by year. And I think the update we gave today was simply to give people some perspective on the number of products that were launched in the quarter, so that we are seeing -- we are continuing to see momentum in product launches, but we had indicated pretty specifically that we would expect to see NPI revenue impacted in the year because of the customer impacts that we talked about a few times today.
Mark Begor: Yes, I think the level of detail we provided is what we can give right now, Toni. I mean, we specifically indicated that we're going to be trying to quantify dollar impact from the cybersecurity incident going forward, just because it's been so long since the event occurred that really isn't a reasonable comparison point. So at this point I think going forward we will talk about the revenue we generate and how it's moving forward, but I don't think we can provide more detail than we did in the script.
