Jeffrey L. Dodge: Thanks and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call. I'm Jeff Dodge, Investor Relations. And with me today are Rick Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and John Gamble, Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is being recorded. An archive of the recording will be available later today in the Investor Relations section in the About Equifax tab of our website at www.equifax.com. During this call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements to help you understand Equifax and its business environment. These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our core business are set forth in the filings with the SEC, including our 2014 Form 10-K and subsequent filings. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax and adjusted operating margin. It will be adjusted for certain items, which affect the comparability of the underlying operational performance. For the third quarter of 2015, adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax excluded acquisition-related amortization expense, income from the settlement of certain escrow amounts and an accrual for certain legal claims. Adjusted operating margin excludes the accrual for certain legal claims. In fourth quarter of 2015 and 2016, adjusted EPS attributable to Equifax will also exclude due diligence, transaction and integration cost related to the proposed acquisition of Veda Group. These non-GAAP measures are detailed in the reconciliation tables included with our earnings release and also posted on our website. Also please refer to our various investor presentations, which are posted in the Investor Relations section of our website for further details. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Rick.
Jeffrey L. Dodge: Okay. (38:05). The Fannie Mae one, I think it's a great one. It's a great one for consumers, it's a great one for the underwriters and it's going to be a great one for our business units of USIS and EWS. As I mentioned, I think, in my comments earlier on, we expect that to ramp up probably in late second quarter, early third quarter. Some work we've got to do, some building we've got to fine-tune to bring that to market for Fannie Mae. And it will be meaningful impact for the business units next year. I am not going to give you exact number, but trust, it will be meaningful for us at BU level. Two, if you think of trended data in general terms, I think, maybe two years ago, we started talking to you about trended data and there was an interest in getting a historical look versus a snapshot look. And the first thing we did is, built the capabilities for batch offline, we call it internally CMS. That ramped up nicely. We then through a technology investment we made in USIS and Rick Smith brought that capability to go online and that's now I think up nicely. I'm also very, very intrigued with the concept on trended data, bringing that – we're looking at right now, there is a technology requirement as well, we're bringing to EWS the concept of taking one of many different attributes we have in The Work Number database, that attribute being income and showing an underwriter or marketeer, whoever, a historical look, a trended look at their income intellectually excites myself and the team. So as I think of trended data, that will be a next evolution that we'll invest in as bringing trended data towards verification of income.
Jeffrey L. Dodge: Thank you, Paul. I think I've tried to give some color and text around ACA on past earnings calls. One, the caveat I'll give you is, we've always said it will be very meaningful for EWS, very meaningful, and it exceeds my expectations. So far beyond the expectations we had a year ago, John mentioned, I mentioned, over 700 plus accounts, strong interest level already brewing for 2016. If you follow the ACA dynamics to – in the level of fines and how those increased over the years and the appeal process, that's going to have a tail that's for many years, as we sit here today and look out. Secondly, and I alluded to it, is getting into this ACA, it can open up other doors and avenues of opportunity we didn't thought about yet, and then the IRS, appeals process, so on and so forth. So I'm not going to give you a number, Paul, but it is meaningful. And very, very – very important to us long-term, and, again, I think that I mentioned in my comments, probably the most impactful, largest, meaningful NPI we had in my 10 years here. As far as margins on International, yes, I clearly see 2015 is being the trough, if you will, on margins that was intentional. We are integrating a big acquisition for that BU, investing heavily in the UK business unit, the UK government opportunity we talked about. We're also, as John alluded to in our comments, investing heavily in technology, in analytics and platforms around the International operations to fuel growth short-, medium- and long-term. So we clearly expect 2015 to be the trough and margins to start to ramp up nicely in 2016 and beyond. Will they get back to 29%? There's one caveat for that. I think they can over time. I can't tell you what period of time, is the team is working diligently now to regionalize big pockets of costs within International and that requires technology investments to take things from countries to regions and so on and so forth. That will be a big benefactor. If we are fortunate enough to close the acquisition of Veda, we clearly expect that on EBITDA margin basis, that also be a nice lift to the EBITDA margins of International.
Jeffrey L. Dodge: With that, I think we will conclude the call. Appreciate everybody's time and support. Have a good day. Thanks.
Richard F. Smith: Thanks, John. For the fourth quarter, we expect organic revenue to be between $655 million and $665 million, reflecting constant currency organic revenue growth of 7% to 9%, that's partially offset by 2% of FX headwind. This is consistent with our comments in July that the fourth quarter organic growth would be at the high-end of our long-term range which we've talked about being 6% to 8% growth. Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.10 and $1.12, which is up 8% to 10% for the quarter. Excluding $0.02 per share of negative impact from FX, this reflects constant currency organic EPS growth of 10% to 12% for the quarter. Our year-to-date performance results – our strong year-to-date performance resulted in an increase of our full-year guidance, combined with our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2015 represents an outstanding year for our shareholders, our customers, employees and consumers. And for the full-year, we expect 2015 revenue to be somewhere between $2.652 billion and $2.662 billion, consistent with our guidance in July and up nicely from our guidance of $2.55 billion and $2.6 billion at the beginning of the year and reflects constant currency organic revenue growth of a healthy 12% for 2015. This strong revenue growth is partially offset by 3% negative impact from FX. As before – and this is only organic revenue growth and we're talking more about next year, we're getting back into the M&A game. As we expect, the operating margins to be somewhere in the range of 27% to 27.5% for the full year, which is up nice 80 basis points over 2014. 2015 adjusted EPS is now expected to be in the range of $4.46 to $4.48 per share, up from the $4.38 to $4.42 per share we guided in July and up significantly from the $4.20 to $4.30 per share guidance we gave at the beginning of the year. That growth reflects – that reflects a 15% growth in EPS for the year. On a constant currency basis, excluding $0.11 per share of negative impact from FX, at current rates, this reflects a very strong 17% to 18% growth for the year compared to 11% growth in 2014. Now, it's early, but I thought I'd give you some color on how we're thinking about 2016. And as we always do, we'll come back and give you lot more clarity and depth on the February earnings call. As we share today a look at 2016, we fully expect to be towards the upper end of our organic growth target range which is 6% to 8% with additional growth coming from successful completion of our current M&A activities. Our model that we've communicated to you or committed to you is to add over time one point, two points of growth coming from inorganic growth. If you exclude Veda, because of the size of that, our pipeline is strong. We clearly see contributing to our organic growth rate of 6% to 8%, and incremental one point or two points coming from M&A, Veda will be incremental that one point or two points. We also expect operating margins in 2016, when you exclude the impact of acquisitions, to expand nicely given the higher growth expectations we have and this is against the backdrop of an outstanding organic growth rate in 2015. So what – and we're also expecting the challenge that the mortgage market to be relatively flat in 2016. So in summary, I think you'll agree 2015 is shaping up to be yet another outstanding year for the team. And 2016, where we sit today, we're expecting another outstanding year in 2016. So, operator, with that, we'd like to open up to any questions our audience may have.
Richard F. Smith: Well, thank you for, what I think is a complement to the team. I think you captured that effectively, David. The performance you're seeing in 2013, 2014, 2015 and kind of the early looks of 2016 is a result of the last 10 years of effort of laying a foundation of culture of talent and processes like EGI, NPI and others, and we're now the benefactors of that. The performance continues to be very, very broad-based across many verticals, many countries, many products. And I feel very good, very good, as I sit here today looking out to 2016 that the growth for 2016 will also be good, as I mentioned. And we're assuming, David, in that 2016 early look, GDP growths in the economies we participate in to be relatively in line with what we're seeing this year, which is modest in the struggling economies in South America, modest growth in GDP in UK, Canada, in U.S., in the 2%, 2.5% range. So we're not expecting significant GDP or market-based improvement. As you look at longer-term, to the heart of your question, 2017, 2018, yeah, I hope eventually we do see some rebounding, some help from the economies we operate in, which would be further wind at our back.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, I think Trey, now Assad, the interim leader, and as you saw the announcements two weeks ago, Dann Adams will take that business over. I think they've done hell of a job, especially when you compare it to the market as a whole, it's changed at such a rapid pace. I think we'll all agree the free market is here to stay. But we're also of the view, after a lot of work, David, with outside consultants, there always be a place for the paid products that we offer. And we've done a number of interviews through third-party consultants that talk to consumers. And a big cross-section of that consumer base wants to and will buy the pay-for products. Having said that, free is here to stay. It's carved out a nice piece. We're winning, as you know, in the free channel right now through our USIS business, with Trey in his old job. I had a heavy hand working with Rudy on devising a strategy for the Credit Karmas and others in that arena. So simply said, I see the free business is here to stay. I'm convinced the core business can grow in the mid-single digits, with upper 20% margin. I'm convinced our indirect business has got good growth prospects for the next couple years. And lastly, I'm convinced that our International presence will continue to grow stronger.
Richard F. Smith: Well, thank you, Manav. Truly, we've got a great team. They believe in the culture of growth. They believe in the culture of helping our customers and consumers by building new solutions we couldn't build yesterday. And we've got the great data assets. We've invested in the Foundation, things like (35:15) You've heard me talk about that. Manav, you too talked about people who see it, everyone understands the importance of innovation. Our industry is by itself not a high-growth industry. And our team wants to be a part of a high-growth company and the way for us organically to get there is through innovation. And NPI and EGI are such a vital part of who we are and how we think, it's here to stay. We'll continue to always take a step back and refresh our thinking, re-energize ourselves, modify the approach, expand the approach. We're now 10 years into NPI and probably three years into EGI and those initiatives have got to be refreshed periodically to make sure that they're contemporary and thoughtful and the team is engaged. But as long as I'm going to be here, Manav, we're going to continue to strive for 10%-plus Vitality Index, because it's healthy.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, there are obviously. And by no means would I ever go into a diligence process spending any amount of money, let alone $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion, with a mindset that is check the box. We take acquisitions extremely seriously, thoughtfully. And I would prefer not to disclose the exact list of diligence items that we have highlighted. But, trust me, it will be thorough diligence. We're in the data room now. Teams will be in the country in a week. And we have a very thoughtful, exhaustive list of questions that the board and I along with the business unit leaders and COE leaders have thoroughly vetted. So thorough diligence, nowhere close to a perfunctory check the box.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, I believe the comments I made – I can check my notes here. Well, the USIS NPI pipeline is running at a rate of 50% greater than the pipeline we had in 2014, so that revenue that we'll earn out in USIS over the next three years is up 50% over the pipeline from 2014.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. That's a good question. We spend a lot of time thinking about that strategically. And many do refer to that ecosystem as evolving as you have is peer-to-peer. I'd like to think of as more kind of remote lending, unsecured remote lending rather than peer-to-peer because it tend to be a bank involved in many cases, if you're looking at Lending Club or GreenSky or Biz2Credit or others. Point one, I think that that is a marketplace that will exist. I think it – disrupt the marketplace for the traditional banking sector, the banks now choose to participate themselves. But I think it's here to stay. I think it's got good momentum, good legs. As you mentioned before, they are a user of our data today. They use both the verification of employment and income database many times as well as the core credit file and credit scores. We expect that to continue going forward. So right now I view that as being yet another – if that sector can allow maybe other people to get access to credit who couldn't get credit in normal system, it's incremental to us. If it's just displacement, the bank would underwrite today, I see it as a non-event for us. The bigger question we're thinking about strategically is how else can we play in that ecosystem. That is truly in five years, 10 years is a big robust part of the market, how do we participate in that market? And that's something we're kicking around right now.
Richard F. Smith: Great. Thank you, Shlomo. One note is, Shlomo, we've known each other now for a number of years and you know our philosophy on acquisitions, so this won't surprise maybe the rest of you or you. We have been talking with Veda now, boy, it dates back maybe four years. So it's not like this thing just dropped out of the sky one day and we said this is going to be an interesting acquisition. It's been an organization that we're trying to get to know each other for a quite some time. Two, philosophically, it's important to know that when we think of acquisitions, in Equifax, we are driven by a view of what we can bring to that company that makes that company even better rather than what does that company bring to us that makes Equifax better. I think studies will show, and there's been many studies with many consultants, when you take the path of how they help you as a core business, you oftentimes fail. So having said that, other than the geographical footprint, I think what we can bring there is some of the processes and capabilities that have made Equifax successful the last 10 years in the countries we operate now, things like our Lean process, things like Lean at the customer, things like NPI, things like EGI, Enterprise Growth Initiatives, our Cambrian technology platform, which is fabulous. And as you know, and we have been investing in that for a number of years, bringing that platform to the countries in which Veda operates to link together unstructured internet data, if you will, third-party customer data and our data and build more products than we could build in the past, I think that's a great capability. So it's really deploying some of the things you know so well, Shlomo, that we can play here into their footprint. I do think that over time and one of the things we'll have to determine, it is clearly not baked into any pro forma assumptions that we have now, but over time, if we have a really good business in that part of the world and we've got really good people, which they do, our ability to think about expanding into other geographies now that the two businesses are much bigger business throwing off a lot more EBITDA, make some investments organically and inorganically. I think when you're closer to those geographies, I'm willing to make those bets. Sitting here in Atlanta, Georgia trying to think about making investments in mid-size countries around Southeast Asia as the hub is a risk I'm not willing to take. But if we've got a good footprint in Australia, New Zealand and a few other countries, that's a risk we're willing to take as a company and that would evolve over the next few years.
Richard F. Smith: Yeah, I tried to allude to that in my comments that I had talked about NPI being very diverse with the core credit business there. I've talked about auto being strong, financial services being strong, resellers being strong, mortgage being strong. So that's power forward with 12% growth. And USIS is delivering good strong broad-based growth. There's no doubt, and we've been very open about this, the mortgage market has helped USIS and they've helped themselves, by the way, by outperforming in mortgage, as has the indirect reseller channel for DTC. But their performance, there's no other way to categorize it other than being broad-based.
Richard F. Smith: Shlomo, John, and Lee before him, have kind of helped build a foundation around tax and additional deeper looks at tax over the last X number of years. And that's starting to pay some dividends, paid dividends last year again this year. One last thought I'd say maybe to add to John's comment is go back to if we're fortunate enough to get Veda, the Australian corporate tax rate is a lower tax rate than the U.S. tax rate and many other countries we operate in. It's about 30%, 30% tax rate, so that would benefit lowering the tax rate as well.
Richard F. Smith: I think it's a great question. I think, as we've got to know the company more in-depth over the past few years, we're little more comfortable. Two, I think it's an opportunistic time as well and, Bill, there has been some articles written, maybe you probably read them. By the way, I think Manav had a very good write up, that's worth reading as well. The Australian stock market has obviously taken a beating. Foreign exchange has gone from roughly $1.1, $1-point-something to A$1, to $0.68 to $0.72, $0.73 to A$1. There is the legislation that is passed into law (57:02) from just using negative data to positive data and I think you understand there's been studies all over the world by the IMS and others that talk about how that catalyzes risk-based pricing, risk-based pricing catalyzes growth of lending, that maybe a multi-year look that's going to happen eventually. So maybe last point is we bought TDX roughly two years ago and we delevered from TDX, we've integrated TDX successfully to the balance sheet, our human capital preparedness is in a position to capitalize on a big acquisition. So all of those things kind of came together at the right time.
John W. Gamble: Excluding Veda, right, as Jeff – I think Jeff was taking you through model for International long-term. In mid-term, what we said is mid-20%s is where we are expecting the margins to end up. Yeah.
John W. Gamble: That was – it's very small, right, because, as you know, you defer expense with revenue, right? So it's just very small negative impact on margin. But again, should be accretive to both revenue and margins in 2016.
John W. Gamble: No. As Rick indicated right, we just guided fourth quarter as well as next year at the very high-end of our long-term growth rate, so up towards the 8%. And in both of those cases, we've indicated we expect mortgage to be flat or down with the market. So I think that should cover most of the question right there.
John W. Gamble: Yeah, in general, we would expect that tax – we've seen a nice trend in the tax rate the last few years down. And we would expect to see the tax rate to probably continue to move positively in the future in terms of positive to us, maybe not at the pace that you've seen over the past several years. But our expectation is you should see some continued improvement over time. We'll talk specifically about 2016, as Rick said, in February.
John W. Gamble: Yes. So the implementation can happen over one quarter to two quarters generally speaking. And then you're looking at contracts that are often times a year but can be longer than a year, right? So generally, probably, rarely shorter than a year and rarely probably longer than three years, but predominantly closer to a year.
