Mark Begor: Yes, I think the answer is yes. Those are all meaningful levers. I would add the system, system integrations in our mortgage market and other solutions is also a lever for growth. David, I think, as you know, we don't break those out specifically, but it starts with records. We've clearly got a real focus on and some real momentum in adding records to the TWN Database. As you know, we have a dedicated team that that's all they do. And we've got active dialogues going with individual corporations to bring their data to us as we add new services like UC claims and WOTC and all the myriad of services that we provide and also with other payroll processors. And as you know, in February, we announced that our plan -- and we're on track to add one of the major payroll processors records to our database in the second half of 2021, which will add meaningfully. And I think you know, our business model as we grow records, we're able to monetize those really instantly because of the inquiries that we receive just drive our hit rates up. We clearly have the ability to use price, which we talked about. I think you've seen a real increase in the focus on new products at Workforce Solutions, particularly as they're becoming cloud-enabled. It's giving them the opportunity to bring new solutions to the marketplace to really leverage their data sets. And these new solutions are typically at higher price points and delivering more value to our customers. So that's another big lever. We've talked about – in the second half that, they're continuing to focus on systems and system integrations, and we just find higher usage when customers move from accessing the TWN database through the web to system-to-system integrations, we get really all their volume, which is another big lift. And as I mentioned a couple of times, we're still on track to launch our new agreement with the Social Security Administration. It's a very meaningful contract that will go live in the second half and we expect that to be $40 million to $50 million in run rate. So there's a large amount of levers available for Workforce Solutions. As you point out, it starts with records. And while we've grown records to 90 million uniques in the quarter, as you know, there's 155 million non-farm payroll. So there's a lot of room between 90 million and $155 million as we continue to grow towards having the full data set. And then we talked before that we're also widening dataset beyond W-2 income, including 1099 and other data sources as we look for other ways to include other portions of the U.S. population around are they working and how much do they make.
Mark Begor: Well, it’s - there's a lot of leverage, as you could see in the first quarter results. I think you're talking about Workforce Solutions. We're continuing to invest in the business. There's no question about that. But with the revenue growth that we're getting on both the mortgage and non-mortgage side in Workforce Solutions, there's real operating leverage that we expect to continue through 2021.
Mark Begor: And then I would add to it, too, that I hope you caught our comments around, we really feel like the Equifax Cloud is providing benefits. Our NPI focus is providing benefits that will benefit our mortgage business as well as our non-mortgage business. And. of course, the majority of Equifax is non-mortgage, but the initiatives that we launched over the last couple of years, the investments that we've made over the last couple of years, we feel are starting to pay off. When you talk about USIS, we mentioned many times even over the last year, on each of these quarterly calls that we feel a real strength in the marketplace by our USIS team competitively. Commercially, how they're going to market, I think, we've talked about we've rebuilt that team a year ago and there's some room momentum there. And again, the focus on new products, those are driving revenue growth and we guided up 100 basis points in our vitality index. The bulk of that is going to come in our non-mortgage business.
Mark Begor: Yes. Non-mortgage is obviously more than financial services. I'll come back to that, but we've talked a bunch about our government vertical, which is growing quite positively. Our Employer Services is non-mortgage. Our talent solutions business, so we talked about the growth there. And I think specifically, you're talking about non-mortgage verification. So, I'll go back to that versus non-mortgage broadly in workforce because we've got a bunch of levers that are outside of verification that are growing quite positively, again, excluding the negative impact of UC Claims on a year-over-year basis. So in financial services, as you know, mortgage is our largest in verification, for sure and we're getting real leverage and outgrowing the market there. So first, records health everywhere, right? So, in -- whatever the solution is, as we grow our records and, of course, they're up 10% year-over-year and we've got a clear path to increase them in 2021, and that's part of our framework. Those hit rates are good in any vertical you're in, whether it's mortgage or auto or government, et cetera. So records are number one. We’ve had a real focus on new products broadly in Equifax and in Workforce Solutions. And then you talk about some of the verticals, we're seeing increased usage in auto, where -- kind of year ago or two years ago, it was more of a subprime usage along with the credit file. Now we're seeing it more in near prime. So there's just more usage in the auto sector and broader usage at those lower credit scores. So that's helping there. Personal loans has always been a pretty strong space for us in the Fintech market for verification, using it because if you think about a personal loan, it's $10,000, $20,000, $30,000, it's a very large transaction. And verifying how much someone makes and are they employed at the time of the loan is a very important lift in the predictability. And then we've talked really for the last, I think, three or four quarters about the fact that we're seeing a number of card issuers take our data and, of course, a sliver of our data. We don't – given the depth of data that they would have in a mortgage application and using it in originations, in other applications in the card space. And we've got now, I believe, two of the large card issuers that are using our data ad origination, along with the credit file, which is a big breakthrough. We've been chasing this market for some time. I'm an old card originator. I did that for a decade before Equifax. The predictability of adding is someone working and how much do they make to the credit file enhances every credit decision period. And it was really around getting our database to scale. And we've talked the last couple of quarters that as we've gone over 50% hit rates in the database, as we get to that 90 million uniques versus the $155 million non-farm payroll, it becomes a data set that's more usable because you get more hit rates. So, that's another thing that we -- reason we think we're getting more new uses of it in things like that cards.
Mark Begor: We have not. We actually hear mostly about it from you, meaning the sell-side. And we talked many times that we think we have a strong franchise. The scale of our database is extremely large. I think of the 90 million uniques at 115 million actives, the ability to get those kind of records is quite challenging, we believe, meaning to have a database that's usable. And having a database that has 1 million or 2 million or 3 million or 10 million records, it's just very challenging for -- to take that to market. When we can deliver over 50% hit rates, it just is quite challenging. And I think you know, 60% of our records come from individual companies and we get those records through long-term relationships. We've been doing this for a decade. We have a full suite of services. We provide HR managers that allow us access to those records and we provide that service, the income employment piece of that for free to the company and to their employees, and it's a real benefit to them. So, those kind of services are really required, we think, to have a database of our scale. And as we've talked, the other 35% or so of our database comes from payroll partnerships and the bulk of those are exclusive, meaning we're an exclusive arrangement, they're not going to provide those records to someone else. So, we think that's quite challenging. And you add on top of that, that we've been investing in this business for over a decade. We've put about $2 billion into it, including a couple of acquisitions just in the last 30 days to strengthen Workforce Solutions. In the last two or three years, we probably invested $200 million to $300 million in the technology of the business. This is -- requires a massive investment. And I'm not sure the competitor you reference is thinking about or planning to have the kind of investments that we have. And just to be clear, we intend to protect and grow our franchise.
Mark Begor: Yes. It's a great question. It's one that's been a deliberate focus of ours. You've heard us talk about it for the last couple of years that it's a fast-growing space, the ID and broad space globally is, I don't know, $18 billion, something like that, growing at 20%. You've seen -- we've had growth there. We've been in it for a long time. We have a lot of existing differentiated data assets at Equifax around ID and fraud and the Kount acquisition was quite strategic for us. They have real scale. And I think as a reminder, they play in the retail e-commerce space. Have real scale around their interactions. I think it's 32 billion consumer interactions per year. They've got 400 million unique e-mail addresses verified. They've got cellphone addresses are verified, IP addresses. So just a wealth of data. And the power is really combining their data with ours. And that's really why we acquired Kount. And as you point out, it also brings us into a new vertical. We weren't in the retail e-commerce space and that's where Kount plays. And, of course, we're going to bring Kount and their data into financial services, banking, telco, insurance, where we play. So that's why we acquired Kount. The answer is yes. You heard me comment earlier this morning on the call that, when we think about new M&A or additional M&A, ID and fraud is a place that we want to continue playing in. We see opportunities. We have opportunities in our pipeline to continue to strengthen the combination of Equifax and Kount going forward. And then when you -- your question of scale, from our perspective, the combination of Equifax and Kount gets us into kind of a strong market position, but it's a huge market at $18 billion. So, there's a lot of room to grow and we look at product introductions. We're investing in like our new Luminate platform, gets us more capabilities organically in this marketplace. And as I mentioned earlier, we're rolling that out. And then acquisitions like Kount really strengthen our data assets and the combination of Equifax and Kount is quite powerful. So, you should look for us over the coming years to find ways to grow. Certainly, we're going to invest organically, but also to invest through M&A to strengthen this. We like the space and we want to be bigger in it.
Mark Begor: I think we said, Andrew, that it was fairly broad-based. And some of the marketing spend is card issuers starting to, I would characterize, restart originations but that's the marketing piece. That doesn't necessarily result in loan growth yet. I think that's the -- starting to spend money and starting to put new offers out in the marketplace that presumably would result in some loan growth either in second or third quarter, but there's a lag on that between the marketing spend and when those originations go on their books and become loans. Broadly, I would say, what we hear from the U.S. customers is an element of confidence that wasn't in place certainly for most of 2020, certainly, the early parts of 2021. And I think as we've all seen vaccine rollouts in the United States really accelerate and now really, everyone over age 16 can get one, that's resulting in consumer confidence as we seen it in retail spending. And that you've seen banks in their earnings releasing reserves, so I think there's an element of confidence of we're moving towards a more normal economy. I would say, we're not there yet, but we saw some real increases what I would call in confidence and it's in our numbers in March and as we moved into April.
Mark Begor: So auto was stronger than card, right? So if you just kind of tier our structure, auto was stronger than card and identity and fraud was also very strong.
Mark Begor: Yes. First off, Craig, welcome. I think this is your first Equifax call or at least in recent times. So, it's great to have you covering the company.
Mark Begor: On the people side, I would say our employment will be fairly stable. There's some areas where we're investing, like in product resources, in some technology areas. But at the same time, I think you know, we've got plans to reduce some of our technology costs as the cloud transformation unfolds. So, there'll be some reductions in that area, which is in our framework. So, I wouldn't think about big changes in our employment. But you should think about Equifax being on offense, meaning we're investing with our strong performance. And, of course, our acquisitions that we talked about, the five acquisitions bring incremental employees into our headcount, which is in our framework that we've shared with you. With regards to the return to office, we've been open since last June. We've been very careful about that. It's been really up to our team, if they want to come in. We've limited our occupancy to 50%, no more than 50%, and of course, exercising all those protocols. And we've seen in the last -- I don't know, 30 to 60 days as vaccine rollouts have increased, an increase of people coming back to our office. And what we've been telling our employees, when you're vaccinated come back and start operating with Equifax. We also announced post whatever our full reopening is, which is hard to see what that date is. We're going to -- we introduced what we call an Equifax Flex Day, where we're going to have some flexibility in our workforce that they can pick on one day per week with their managers approval to work remotely. And it was really a reflection on that there are many benefits that we learned over the last year that we can be productive from working from home, but so-called 4/1, meaning we're going to work from the office at least four days per week is a reflection that we're a collaborative culture, the teamwork is how we operate, whether it's doing NPIs or technology or new customer solutions, we think that happens best in the office. And to your question about we don't expect our cost to go up. We haven't changed our footprints. We don't expect them to go down as a result of this return to office.
Mark Begor: Yes, we don't talk a lot about price, but if you think about our U.S. businesses, which is really - I'll leave our consumer business aside GCS, but you think about USIS and Workforce Solutions. We focus on new product rollouts that become incremental margin and many times at a higher price point because they're delivering incremental value to the customer. So, that's one way to get revenue pricing margins. Workflow Solutions is clearly our most differentiated business and differentiated data asset and has more ability to bring more value to our customers that we can monetize with different price points of the solutions we're delivering. And if you think about it, if you look at our hit rates now that are over 50%, and you go back two years ago when they were, I don't know, pick the right number, 40%, 50%-plus hit rate is more valuable to our customers, becomes a data asset that they can use more broadly in their solutions. So, Workforce is clearly a business that has more ability to drive its top line through multiple levers that we've talked about a couple of times on this call.
Mark Begor: Yes. Toni, I think about it quite naturally. What we saw and what I would have done when I was running GE Capital's credit card business is when you get in a tough economy, you tighten up originations and stop spending marketing money. In the first place you stop spending marketing money is with third parties, meaning lead gen companies. Same thing when you come out of a difficult environment, the first place you'll start is your own, you have more confidence in that. It's generally lower cost. It's more efficient desire predictability, and that's what we're seeing. And we do expect our indirect to improve, but it's going to be lag some at least the framework we put together and happened later in the year.
Mark Begor: Yes. There aren't many of them. We know who all of it – they all are, and we talk to them all the time. There are a handful of companies like i2Verify and HIREtech. And as you may know, you've followed us for a while that we've made acquisitions like this over the last couple, three, four, five years. So, when they're available, we like to make them. And maybe I'll just touch on HIREtech first. HIREtech has what we thought was a very attractive WOTC Solution, particularly delivered through third parties to companies. And again, one of the ways to get records is to deliver value-added services like WOTC, like I-9, like Unemployment Claims like W-2 Management, like ACA to companies. And then in order to complete those services for them, which are regulatory requirements, you get access to records. And in HIREtech's case, we have a WOTC business so today, and - but there was -- we thought very attractive and how they deliver those solutions through partners. And we'd like to grow our partner WOTC business, which not only will bring the records they already have, but get access to records in the future. And, of course, there's a revenue stream just from providing those WOTC services. As John mentioned, they also have an Economic Recovery Credit, ERC, which is a very special and unique credit in 2021 that there's another way to gain access to records, which will benefit us this year. In i2Verify, a bit different in their approach to market. They have a very attractive. We like the team a lot. As we do in HIREtech, the i2Verify team was very advanced around relationships and how they went to market with non-profit organizations, with the healthcare industry or hospitals -- and hospitals and the education or think universities. And there's lots of employees in those kinds of organizations and companies, and they developed a very attractive go-to-market of how they built relationships and delivered those services. And so we like that, which is why we were very attracted to i2Verify, and we're looking for them to really expand our relationships through different services we provide to those kind of companies and then allow us to get records in order to grow our records. And again, at 90 million uniques, we're very pleased with the scale of our database, but there's a lot of runway between 90 million and 155 million.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think you know, we've been pretty clear that we've been talking for well over a year, maybe two years about the power of NPI, and that's not new to Equifax. It's not new to our industry. Our competitors are focused on new products. And it really is the fuel for growth that allows us to grow multiples of GDP. That's the inherent in the data analytics business. And we talked a bunch about our investment in the cloud transformation over the last three years from 2018 through 2020, the $1.5 billion we invested in our new infrastructure, we did that for lots of reasons. Sorry, we get the fire.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think I was talking about the cloud investment. We invested in the cloud because we knew it was going to give us cost benefits, security, a competitive advantage, but we really invested in the cloud to deliver new products and growth. And we've been really focused on that over the last 12, 18 months. We talked last year that we've been expanding our resources in new product capabilities. And we think we're starting to see the leverage of the cloud, our ability to bring new solutions to the marketplace. And our guide up was really – we increased our NPI rollouts last year to 139, which was a record. We're at 39 in the first quarter, which is up from 35. So, we've got more products in the marketplace. And you've got a commercial team that's out there selling them. So that's why we feel the confidence of increasing the guidance going forward, at least, for 2021. I don't want to get into 2022 guidance. We'll include that in our long-term framework, which we intend to put in place later this year, and the vitality index of new products will be central and really important to us in how we grow the business going forward.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think if you -- we've shown these charts before that Workforce Solutions have been consistently outperforming all markets that they operate in, including the mortgage market. And much more substantially than USIS. They just have more levers. So, they'll use the same levers that USIS use, which is price. So, if you increase price in an up or down market, you're going to have more revenue. New products is one where they just had more opportunities. And you've heard us talk over the last I don't know, four or five quarters about their increased focus on new products. Things like historically, we've had a single report that we'd offer, and now we're offering one with more history on it, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months. And instead of having a report that we sell at $25, we've got price points at $150 and $200, and that provides real value to the mortgage originator. And we rolled out a product that's for co-borrowers. A lot of mortgages in the states that have a dual career couple underwritten -- underwriting the mortgage and so we have a new solution there. Instead of having $225 reports polled, we've got a $200 solution. We've got solutions and new products now that encourage more polls. So, we'll have a solution where we sell it at a higher price point that includes multiple polls. So, new products is a real lever for Workforce Solutions. Of course, records we've talked multiple times in this call, adding records drive set rates. Because remember, we're getting inquiries on those mortgages, all those credit cards or auto loans, but your question was around mortgage. We're getting inquiries for the full database, the full set of consumers. And I say, we only have 90 million uniques. And as we grow that database, those hit rates go up automatically. So, records are a very central part of Workforce Solutions' ability to outgrow the mortgage and all their underlying markets. There's also a large portion of mortgages we don't see still. We only see, I think it's 65% of mortgages. So, we're out in the marketplace talking to those that are not doing business with Equifax and are using pay stubs or some other mechanism for approving the income and employment elements of a mortgage application to use our solution. The move from a customer, we saw a lot of our customers, I think, over one-third that access our data through the web. Meaning they're actually keying in the mortgage applicants social security number, date of birth, name, et cetera. There's a lot of friction there, meaning it doesn't happen in every mortgage application for that originator or we don't get multiple polls. So, going to system-to-system integrations is a big part of our strategy, and we're increasing those system integrations every quarter. We've got a dedicated team that works with mortgage originators to have them do system-to-system integrations. Another lever is the number of polls in a mortgage application. In a credit application -- on the credit side, there's four to five polls in many mortgage applications of the credit file. Historically, there was more like one to two in the income employment data. We're seeing the more sophisticated originators pull our data more often on every mortgage application. And remember, you think about a couple of elements. Number one, it's a big ticket transaction, $250,000, $300,000, $400,000 or more is the loan. And then second is the mortgage originator that's spending $4,000, $5,000 in the application process, they want to make sure that they're spending time on an applicant that they can close on. So, not only verifying their credit multiple times in the process, but making sure that applicant is still working and how much they make as a part of the application process is another big opportunity. So, there's just a half dozen of very strong levers that all have dedicated teams on it, and they've been executing very strongly on those levers. Another kind of overriding macro, if you will, for Workforce Solutions is just really the scale of the database. Now, if you go back at our last economic crisis in 2008, 2009 or pick your year, go back three, four, five years ago, our database in TWN might have been having hit rates of 30% or 40%. Now that we're well over 50%, it becomes a very valuable data asset and all of our customers know that you enhance the credit decisioning of an applicant, if you add is someone working and how much do they make to their credit file. That drives predictability. And so, when you have a database that almost is at a catalyst or an inflection point of going over 50%, we think that's another positive factor. Of course, we've got a lot of opportunity and a lot of work to do in workforce. And we're quite optimistic about the long-term impact of our fastest-growing business with margins and revenue growth rates that are highly accretive to Equifax.
Mark Begor: Yes. We wouldn't have visibility to that. But what -- I'll tell you what we do find is that all of our finance – this is a macro that started before COVID is that all applications, all uses of data, whether it's in banking, credit cards, mortgage, auto, lending, telco, all of our customers want to use more data. And they want to use more differentiated and alternative data because it enhances the predictability of the decision they're making. And let's use originations. And that's why you're seeing more alternative data being used. We think our cloud transformation is going to differentiate us and the ability to house that data to – and as well as surface and deliver that data to our customers. And then, of course, TWN, we talked earlier in this conversation in the call this morning about the power of that data set in that credit decisioning, meaning, is someone working, how much are they making added to the credit file and the other alternative data is very, very powerful.
Mark Begor: Sure, Simon. We had a dropped off, too. We had a fire alarm go off, but there was not a fire. So we were off for a few minutes, too. Do you want to go a little bit on it? It’s just the growth rates by segment that we raised earlier. Yes. Okay, sure.
Mark Begor: So we indicated that we expected Workforce Solutions to be up over 20%. We indicated we expected USIS to be up mid to high single digits. We indicated we expected international to be up constant currency high single digits and that we expected GCS to be down mid-single digits and also expected GCS to be down mid-single digits in the second quarter.
Mark Begor: Yes, I would say, Simon, we're counting on a recovery of the international markets, but I think there's still a pretty decent amount of uncertainty in those markets. And you follow it, too, but Canada's vaccine rollout is really slow. And they've got lockdowns back in place in other markets. Australia's vaccine rollout is like really slow, like, not happening. I'm not sure when they're going to get a vaccine rollout. So, there when kind of locked down, there's still pressure on that economy. UK, they've got the vaccines out there, but they've still got high COVID cases. So, we've got lockdowns in the UK. With some other markets, a big market for us like Chile, they used, I think, the Chinese vaccine that turns out to be not effective. So, it rolled out. So, they've got lockdowns in place. So, I think the -- we expect them to recover. We expect the vaccines to get in place during 2021, but I think there's still some uncertainty there. And in our framework, we do -- we are counting on and expect to see some improvement. And you saw in our numbers, we've got some markets that are adapting to COVID, like the U.S. did. I think some of the international markets took longer to adapt, meaning the U.S. in some markets like auto and others in second and third quarter last year figured out how to sell cars virtually and other things. That happened more slowly from our perspective in international markets, but you're starting to see that. Canada had a very strong quarter for us in the first quarter. Australia did too, even notwithstanding these COVID lockdowns. So, we expect international to improve, but I'd say that we're watching it because there's still some uncertainty there.
Mark Begor: And the acquisitions are all accretive to generally, our revenue growth rates in each of the businesses. For example, Kount, we're really excited about the space they play in and their historical growth and the opportunities with the synergies between USIS and Kount on both the top line and some of the cost synergies.
Mark Begor: Yeah. I think we tried to be clear and we used this phrase last year for -- I think all four quarters last year that we feel like based on the wins, the USIS and Sid Singh and his team are landing in the U.S. marketplace in USIS space that we're competitive and we're winning in the marketplace. We've talked about the deal pipeline. We shared some metrics earlier in the call that it's up 30%. And so, what are the factors there? There's no question, we were pressured in 2018 and 2019 after the cyber event competitively. We were in the penalty box with a lot of customers. It took us a while to get out of them, meaning through the end of 2019. In 2020, we were on, what I would characterize in the first quarter, kind of, a normal competitive footing and then COVID hit, which created some visibility challenges, perhaps for you. But in that time frame, we kept a consistent dialogue with you that USIS was winning and was competitive in the marketplace. So you've got the commercial -- the post cyber event is clearly behind us. We're on our strong footing commercially. We think we're advantaged commercially with the cloud transformation. When you think about it, it's actually quite logical. If you're a commercial leader and you're out talking to one of your customers and say, hey, Equifax just invested $1.5 billion in our technology to support you. That creates a very positive dialogue. And then you add to it Equifax's differentiated data assets that we have, data assets, our competitors don't, which we think helps us commercially. And you can lead with TWN, obviously, which, as you know, USIS sells in the marketplace for us is one commercial team. They sell TWN to all our financial customers. And then add to it, NCTUE, IXI, DataX. So we think that’s advantaging us. The leveraging of the cloud for new products is clearly taking hold. USIS is -- the rest of the business rolling out these new cloud-based products that we think are giving us an ability to bring new solutions to drive incremental revenue with our customers in the mortgage and non-mortgage space, which is quite positive. So we think there's a lot of momentum. There’s still more to do. But the team is really focused. I think the last point I'd raise is that, we brought in no longer, a new leader, two years ago, Sid Singh, but he used 2019 to rebuild the business and the team and continue that in 2020, they're hitting on their strides. We relever the team. We've got a new Chief Revenue Officer. We've got Sid, who's a very commercially oriented leader. I think that's benefiting USIS also in how they're operating in the marketplace.
Mark Begor: Yeah, George, we talked to you before and I was clear earlier in the discussion this morning that we're intending to put that in place in 2021. We said in February and kind of same comment to you now is that we wanted to see a few more quarters -- a few more months perhaps of the COVID recovery. Things are still -- volatile is the wrong word, but still evolving. The mortgage market from just, I don't know, less than 90 days ago is - has softened. And, of course, the COVID recovery, I would say, is stronger than we anticipated in the last 60 days in the non-mortgage side. So, we want to see a few more months of that, but we know what we want to do. We're ready to do it. We've given, hopefully, you a lot of indications of how that's going to be framed. And it's our intention to put that in place in concert with likely an Investor Day. In – before the end of the year in 2021.
Mark Begor: I think there's a couple of things there, Jeff. And we've said to you and others repeatedly, there is a degree of inflection point. When you're north of 50% kind of hit rates, we think it becomes a more valuable asset in so many other cases. And I'll just use my example, 10 years ago, when I was at GE Capital, we didn't use the data asset because the hit rates were, I don't know, 25%. It just didn't make sense to put it in your workflows when you can only hit 1-and-4 customers. Now that you're over 50, we believe there's an element of inflection there. We also believe that cloud transformation is a big deal. And that's across Equifax, but workforce is benefiting from that. For example, ingesting the amount of records, but even more complex is ingesting the amount of employers that we now have in the data set. If you go back 18 months ago, we may have had 150,000 employers or 200,000, something like that. And now we're well over 1 million companies contributing a data set. We couldn't have done that without the cloud. And remember, when we get those data records, they're generally in different formats, and your cloud capabilities allow you to normalize those and then put them in a format that you can bring them to your customers. And then I won't go through all of the other levers that workforce has. But you know, they're pretty wide and broad. And with the scale of the business, meaning the infrastructure we have, the people, we have the resources to invest in really dedicated teams. And I don't mean to repeat this, but we have a dedicated team focused on records, period. That's hard to do. And this is a multi-person team. We have a dedicated team focused on working with our mortgage customers on system-to-system integrations. That's all they do on the benefits. We have another team that's focused on convincing the mortgage originators that aren't doing business to go forward with us. The scale of our business almost becomes a flywheel that allows us to invest in the business. So, I think there's all those, just going back up, what are the bigger macros. It's -- I would say, the inflection point of being north of 50 and the cloud transformation taking hold. And if you followed us for a long time, you know that on a new product front, you didn't hear a lot out of Workforce Solutions in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 around new products. Now, with the cloud, we can really take advantage of this data asset. And you know the power of coming up with a new way to monetize a data asset that you've already paid for, meaning the dual borrower mortgage solution; the mortgage solution that allows a mortgage originator to have multiple pools. The mortgage solution that has 36 months of history in it at a higher price point. Those are all opportunities that we've started to deploy in 2020 when we had the EFX Cloud really taking hold inside of workforce and across Equifax. And those are the kind of solutions, you should see. And as you know, central to our EFX2023 strategy is really leveraging the cloud around innovation and new products and we're excited about our progress there. But we're in early innings on this.
Mark Begor: Yes. So, I think our business continues to be heavily transaction focused and likely will continue to be. What -- increasingly, you see minimums in our contracts, but generally not subscriptions, right? We do have some products that are subscriptions, like you said, monitoring services tend to look more like subscriptions. But the vast majority of our revenue generation continues to be driven by -- continues to be driven by transactions. And we benefited from that, obviously, very substantially over the past several years. Businesses where you can -- where you see more things that look like subscriptions are, certainly the unemployment insurance claims business, you see things that look like subscriptions with minimum -- with volume caps in them. So, we have businesses that are structured like that. And we have some businesses that are somewhat more software-focused, where you see more subscriptions. But generally speaking, we're still heavily transaction-based and that will likely continue.
Mark Begor: Yeah. You talked about the non-farm payroll. There's a lot of runway there, and as you know, a lot of economic value as we grow the database in the traditional non-farm payroll or W-2 income. 1099 is a very big market. I think it's 30 million or 40 million people that have 1099-type income. That's a space that we're adding data records. We don't talk about those, because it's not in our $90 million or $150 million in total. Another data set that we're starting to add, and we have some records now is pensioner income. I think there's 20 million or 30 million defined benefit pensioners in the United States that receive monthly pension checks, either at the state, federal or corporate level. They're applying for credit products. So that's another data set that we're out there chasing. It just goes back to the power of the scale of our business, we have those relationships. For example, a company that we're collecting their active employees from many of those companies also process their pensioner income. So it's an opportunity for us to bring that income into our data set. Same thing with a payroll processor that's doing primarily W-2 income, they're also, in some cases can have 1099 income. So it's another way for us to build those out. So we've got a very clear focus of not only building out W-2, but going beyond that. Another focus that's in early stages is really just getting data around someone logging in or checking in and checking out of their employment, whether it's a restaurant worker logging in through their software that they use to operate in the restaurant, getting that data asset. We might not know how much they're making, but we'll know they're working. So it's another element of data. So we've got a broad focus there around going beyond W-2.
Mark Begor: Gary, you know this and just remember is that, USIS had a decent quarter in first quarter last year. I think was that 3.5%.
Mark Begor: Yeah, something like that in the first quarter last year. And the COVID pandemic really didn't hit them or us until the last two weeks of March. And that 3.5% was inside of the two weeks in March, which really were significantly impacted. So we felt quite good about the progress we have really all through 2020 that the team is really delivering. You've got a lot of factors there. We've already talked about it a bunch in the call about the commercial focus by the team. We think that's real. We think they're getting benefits already from the cloud transformation competitively, meaning wanting to do business with Equifax because we have a different technology infrastructure than our competitors. So that's a positive for them, whether it's on share. You can think about other factors like the NPIs. Those are -- a reminder, we were building NPIs in 2018 and 2019. We really couldn't sell them because we were in the penalty box. We started selling them in 2020, but that's really benefiting them, and we're continuing to accelerate our NPI rollouts. So I think that's a benefit for the business. And then there's an element of COVID recovery. I think we were clear that in March and April, we've seen some of their verticals move back much more strongly than they were earlier in the quarter and certainly stronger than they were in 2020. So I think that's part of that, too.
Mark Begor: Correct. I think that's fair. I think that’s fair that the COVID environment masks their performance, which is why every quarter, we talked about their deal pipeline to at least give you a metric that we look at on what their commercial activity looks like.
John Gamble: No, we've just said in the past, right, that increasingly, as we go through 2021, as the non-mortgage markets recover, increasingly, their contribution to core growth is going up, right? So, we're -- so we expect that to continue as we go through the year. And the outperformance in the first quarter, as we said, more than half of it was driven in our non-mortgage segments, and you're seeing that obviously flow through the rest of this year as well.
John Gamble: Sure. So -- yes, I think in Mark's script, we tried to walk through what the real big drivers, right? Verifier is continuing to perform extremely well. Obviously, mortgage is a bit of a draw -- a drag. But as you go through the rest of this year, if you think about what we said in February, we'd indicated that for total mortgage for Equifax, that even though the market was down 5%, we expected revenue to grow more than 10%. And even though we now have the market weaker at down 8%, we still expect mortgage revenue to grow more than 10%. But some significant drivers of EWS in 2021 continue to be in the non-mortgage segment. We talked about talent solutions growing very, very fast, almost doubling, I think we said in the first quarter and I-9 also growing very, very fast and a recovery in WFA. So what we think you're going to see is very nice growth across the non-mortgage segments, obviously, excluding UC, where we gave very specific guidance. And then also continued good performance in mortgage despite the fact that the market is slowing, right? We're not going to quantify each of those. But directionally, that's what's going on.
John Gamble: The only thing I'd add, right, and as Mark said, our two biggest segments in verifier are government and talent solutions, and they're growing very fast. And both of those are highly benefited by the depth of the database by the fact that we have over 450 million total records. Being able to pry history in those market segments is very important. So, we're seeing very strong growth in the two biggest non-mortgage verifier segments of both government and talent solutions.
John Gamble: Yes. As you look at the countries we're in, the countries that are looking more like USIS, where they're more specifically, like, for example, Canada, margins are much better, right? And so as Mark said, it really depends on the size of the market and then the diversity of the market that we're playing in. And then -- and so we certainly expect to see improvements in margins as we go to the cloud. But some of it certainly is structural just by the fact that we're in so many markets, and some of those businesses are very small. So, not to get into specific numbers, we do expect to see improvements in those margins over time. But some of it is structural. We have no expectation that they're going to reach the type of margins we see with USIS.
John Gamble: And just as you think about our cost structure, just for perspective, right, we're like most technology companies, obviously, a significant portion of our cost structure is our own employees. We also have a very significant footprint of contract employees and contractors, right? So, we end up -- we move cost, but obviously, the contractor workforce is more variable to us.
John Gamble: Well, if you're looking at revenue, Toni, right, I mean, the over $200 million increase, right, only less than half of it was really out of the first quarter. And then obviously, yes, the second quarter is stronger. And then the third -- as Mark said, third and fourth quarter are impacted somewhat by the much greater decline in the mortgage market. But we are seeing very substantial growth, and we think improvement in the non-mortgage segments. And as you look at revenue, we think a significant amount of the improvement in the guide is from periods after the first quarter.
John Gamble: And remember, our fourth quarter of 2020 in international was okay. We grew in the fourth quarter of 2020, right? So…
John Gamble: Yes. So we did give some perspective, right, on USIS this quarter. We indicated kind of the negative movement in their margins was up two-thirds driven by tech transformation, so to give you some perspective. And what we said is over the longer-term, we expect to see improvements in margins, driven by the fact that we're going to drive substantial cost benefits related to the tech transformation. But we wouldn't start to see those benefits occur until late 2021 and then really kicking in, in earnest in 2022. So, as we think about the movement in margins, the drivers of the margin, obviously, will be as tech transformation spend start to decline as you move through 2021 and into 2022, really moving into 2022. And then as we start to get savings related to those decommissionings that will occur as tech transformation completes, and that doesn't really start to have a net savings of decommissioning more than cloud costs until very late in 2021 and then obviously accelerating in 2022.
John Gamble: So, we expect acquisitions we make to move to USIS-type margins over a reasonable period of time, right? So, certainly not in the first year. But then as we move into year two and certainly year three, we expect them to deliver margins like the rest of the business.
John Gamble: The time you would be aware of, which I'm sure you're aware of because it happens every year, right, in EWS and Employer Services. The Employer Services revenue was strongest in the first quarter substantially because several of the services they provide, think W-2, think workforce analytics are directly related to tax filings. And since that's the case, their revenue is much higher in those segments in the first quarter. And during that period, obviously, the margins are very strong in those businesses. So you see stronger margin in Workforce Solutions. And it also obviously benefits Equifax in the first quarter. And generally, there's a negative trend sequentially going into the second quarter for that reason. The other thing that just timing related, related to Equifax is our annual salary increases, our merit increases are generally pretty much uniformly at April 1st. So, you tend to see a cost increase occur in the company in the second quarter, okay? And that brings margins down, okay? So those are two things that are just timing-related. But other than that, no, I think we're just what we're seeing in EWS and really across the business is just good execution.
John Gamble: Yeah. So George, we've said pretty consistently, right, that as we move through 2021, you're going to see an increasing contribution to core revenue growth from non-mortgage relative to mortgage. Obviously, in the first quarter, we saw really good outperformance relative to the mortgage market across EWS as well as USIS, and we indicated I think in an earlier answer to a question that even though the mortgage market is going to be weaker by 3 points in the year, we'll still grow faster than 10%, right? So we're going to see better performance, better outperformance relative to the market than we had previously guided. So there is some benefit to core revenue growth from better outperformance in the mortgage market. But, obviously, also you're seeing a substantial contribution now that's starting to occur as you move through 2021 from the non-mortgage market.
John Gamble: And, Jeff, just part of it, just penetrating, right? We talked about three years ago, for every four credit pools, there was one or less than one employer pool, right? verifications pool. Now, for every two, there's more than one, right? So the level of penetration is up dramatically in the time period you're describing, which substantially adds to growth, right? And then you also know, obviously, in a period of very rapidly growing market benefit, all variances improved, right? So, we'll certainly benefit across the business by the fact that the market is so large, right, but the -- and grew so much faster this year. But the increase in penetration is a huge driver in the past three years.
John Gamble: And I think, as Mark mentioned on the call, right, it got better each month, right? So March was certainly by far the strongest month of the three.
