Mark Begor: Thanks, John. The unprecedented 50% decline in the mortgage market from normal 2015 to '19 levels had a significant impact on Equifax moving close to $1 billion of revenue over the past 24 months from our P&L. Against that unprecedented mortgage market decline, EFX's diverse mix of businesses delivered strong growth through outperforming the mortgage market by over 20 percentage points, strong 10% to 20% constant dollar non-mortgage growth, a 13% vitality index from new products and the addition of bolt-on acquisitions. As shown on Slide 19, based on our 2024 guidance, the U.S. mortgage market is on the order of 50% below its historic average inquiry levels. As the market bottoms and moves from a headwind to tailwind and the mortgage market recovers towards its historic norms, that represents over $1 billion of annual revenue opportunity for Equifax, none of which is reflected in our current 2024 guidance. At our mortgage gross margins is over $1 billion of mortgage revenue, we delivered over $700 million of EBITDA and $4 per share that we would expect to move into our P&L in '24, '25 and '26 as the market recovers. Wrapping up on Slide 20. Equifax delivered another strong and broad-based quarter with 14% constant dollar non-mortgage revenue growth, reflecting the power and breadth of the Equifax business model and strong execution against our EFX 2026 strategic priorities. We have strong momentum as we move into 2024. As we look at 2024, we expect to deliver 9% revenue growth and 110 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion from the revenue growth and our cost savings plans despite our expected about 15% decline in the mortgage market. As discussed on the prior slide, with the mortgage market bottoming, we expect mortgage to move from -- move to a tailwind over the next several years as the market returns to normal inquiry levels. A big priority for 2024 is to complete our North American cloud transformation as well as significant portions of our global markets, which will result in continued margin expansion and reductions in our capital intensity that is a key benefit of our data and technology cloud transformation. Exiting 2024 with 90% of Equifax revenue in the new Equifax cloud is a big milestone, so the team can move towards fully focusing on growth. We are entering the next chapter of the new Equifax as we pivot from building the new Equifax cloud to leveraging our new cloud capability to drive our top and bottom line. We are convinced that our new Equifax cloud differentiated data assets in our new single data fabric, leveraging EFX AI and ML and market-leading businesses, will deliver higher growth, expanded margins and free cash flow in the future. I'm energized by our strong performance in 2023 and the momentum as we enter 2024, but even more energized about the future of the new Equifax. And with that, operator, let me open it up for questions.
Mark Begor: Well, we think the 8.5% is quite good. It's obviously inside of our 8% to 12% range, which is how we want to grow the company. We've talked about some of the pressures on our non-mortgage really in the talent market. And then second is the ERC impact, which that program has been curtailed by the IRS. And John talked about the impact that, that's having, which is on Equifax is a meaningful amount on a year-over-year basis. As far as upsides, I don't think we think about any upsides to that 8.5% because we think it's a pretty good growth rate.
Mark Begor: And that's only one lever, obviously, for government vertical growth inside of Workforce Solutions, as we've talked about. As you know, that business was up super strong last year and again in '22, ended the year at over $500 million. So a very big business for us with big growth potential at the state level of continuing penetration. We've got a TAM there that's $3 billion plus against that $500 million. So there's a lot of opportunities to get the states that are not using our solution today. They're still using manual verification of income and employment, which is required for government social services. As you recall, we -- a couple of months ago, we landed a big extension to our CMS contract. It was $1.2 billion. That rolls into 2024. And then the new USDA contract that we signed in September was a new contract that obviously rolls into 2024. So there's a meaningful number of growth levers at government, and we're quite bullish as we talked about. We expect that business to be a big growth contributor to Workforce Solutions and outgrow Workforce Solutions 13 to 15 long-term growth rate, significantly outgrow that again in ‘24.
Mark Begor: I'd start with -- and I think we tried to be clear about that. We don't see any real change as we go into 2024 from those verticals like cards, auto, p loans, how they performed in the second half of last year. We talked a little bit about fintech was impacted in the second half of '22 and into '23, but that seems to be kind of a, I would call it, a stable level now, meaning it's not declining, which is good news versus the declines that happened last year. Large FIs are fairly consistent as far as they're still originating because consumers are strong. There's some choppiness with some of the smaller FIs that might be impacted by some liquidity stuff. But again, not a real change from what we saw in the second half of last year.
Mark Begor: Yes. So I'll go near term, which is 2024, I think we laid out that CapEx is coming down again this year in 2024. We expect it to step down again next year as we complete the cloud, big cloud completion in our USIS business and some of our international properties in the first half of this year and getting to 90% cloud complete will be a big milestone. So you're going to see our CapEx come down over the short term, meaning in '24 and over the medium term in '25 again as we complete the cloud. Over that timeframe, we expect our margins to continue to expand, which will grow our free cash flow. Our free cash flow this year is up almost 2x.
Mark Begor: So our free cash flow in 2024 is up substantially. We expect that to continue to grow as we get into '25 and '26. And so as you get over the -- again, back in '24, we have a pipeline of M&A that we're watching. I suspect that given we're already in February here that, that M&A would be in the second half if we do some. We're going to be very disciplined around M&A as we always have been. And we're focused on integrating the large number of acquisitions. We've done 14 in a little over three years that we're integrating like Boa Vista, as we talked about on the call. But when you get look forward to '25 and '26, we'll continue to add bolt-on M&A inside of that 8 to 12 framework that includes 1 to 2 points of revenue growth from bolt-on M&A. So that's clearly a part of our strategy. And we've been crystal clear that as our margins expand and we still have the goal of 39%, and we still have the goal of growing 50 bps a year post 39. As we move towards that 39% and our CapEx comes down, we would expect to have significant excess free cash flow when you get into '25 and '26, where we could look at restarting the dividend and also look at buying back meaningful amounts of our stock, and that's no change in that. We've been very clear in that over the last really three years that that’s the goal we’ve been working towards as we complete the cloud.
Mark Begor: Yes. And it's really around the government social services delivery, which is huge. There's 90 million Americans roughly that get some form of government social services, whether it's food support, rent support, cash support, childcare support, student lending support, all those different programs, unemployment support. All of those programs have to be verified by income and you have to verify employment and there's also an incarceration check on many of them, which is from our APRs data set. We've been growing rapidly there because of the real desire to deliver those social services quickly to those that deserve them and need them. And our instant data really delivers that. And we're competing, as you know, against manual processes and paper paste dogs, which means the recipient who's after the social services generally has to bring in proof of income. We can deliver it instantly. And of course, where our data is accurate, it's one to two weeks old depending upon the time frame because we're getting payroll every two weeks and we have such broad coverage. So our programs are really at kind of three levels at the federal, state and local level. We have federal programs where some of that verification is done at the federal level like with Social Security Administration. That's a large contract for us. We talked earlier in this call about the CMS contract that we extended. It's done at the federal, but then executed at the state level and the new USDA contract. And then we operate at the very state level and the state levels are more complex. There's a large, large penetration opportunity at the states. That's really where a big portion of our growth will come and a big portion of that TAM that you referenced is all the states -- all 50 states are not with Equifax, and it's really at the agency level, each state has separate agencies that deliver these services, and that's who our customers are. I think as you know, we've added resources over the last number of years at the state capital levels to work on deploying these resources. So we have a large pipeline. As you might imagine, we're focused on the large states: California, Texas, New York, Florida and some of the big, big states that are out there, but we have a focus on all of them. And as you go forward over the next '24, into '25, '26, that will be a big part of the growth is our penetration into the states to deliver these services. And it's a very strong value prop. In many cases, the data costs are subsidized by the federal government just as the social services are. So it's matter of getting the technology aligned with ours and helping change the process flow at each of those different agencies in all 50 states in order to deliver those. So we're very bullish about that business. As we said, it's close to $0.5 billion at the end of last year, and we expect strong double-digit growth again in 2024.
Mark Begor: Yes. I think as you know, there's two pieces to that potential change by the regulator that is still in a comment period. One is to add Vantage to every federally supported mortgage. That's going to be a good guide for Equifax when it happens going forward. And then second is the 3B requirement going to 2B. We've talked before that we expect on the second half of that mortgage originators to continue to pull the three credit files because there are meaningful differences between the three credit bureaus, three credit files. For example, there's 8.5 million consumers that are only in one of the three credit files in the United States. So the value of three is quite important. On the Vantage plus FICO, same thing. It’s still in a comment period. We haven’t put either of those into our framework for 2024 because we’re not sure they’re going to happen or what the impact would be. But you point out that if it’s a mandatory to have a FICO and Vantage score, that’s a positive for our business to sell a second score in every mortgage. And no, we haven’t thought about pricing on it because we really -- it’s unclear if it’s going to happen or when it will happen, if it does.
Mark Begor: Regardless, incremental mortgage margins are super attractive. And we tried to be clear in including that our view of what normal mortgage volumes are in the 2015 to '19 range versus where we are today at 50% below that. There's a lot of upsides in '24, '25, '26, and we try to frame that in talking about the $1 billion of revenue potential in the future. On the second half of your -- or first half of your question about inquiries. The USIS inquiries because of shopping are different than the EWS inquiries, which generally are more involved in closed loans, meaning on the shopping side, someone will do shopping on two or three different mortgage originators, but close with only one. So that's the difference. And last year, we opted to try to disclose that data. You referenced market volume data that's out there. There really isn't any market volume data out there, except on a very long lag basis. There are forecasts which you can describe as data, I would call those forecasts and that data. And we talked about what MBA is forecasting and some of the others and some of the Street is forecasting improvements later in the year based on rate cuts that haven't happened yet for mortgage volume. We've been very clear, and we've been doing it since I've been here that we forecast mortgage volumes on the way up. We did it on the way down, and we're doing it currently based on our current trends. And as it changes, we'll share it with you. We tried to frame the positive potential impact on us on the top line as well as the bottom line as mortgage returns to normal. And again, we think over time, whether it's ‘24, ‘25, ’26, mortgage volumes will return to normal. It's just uncertain when the Fed is going to make those rate changes and we'll be transparent on what our activity is because we see activity every day. And that's what we talk about when we talk about trends. We have -- we know what the inquiries are we got yesterday, and we know what they were last week and the week before, and we used those to really forecast what we think they're going to be going forward.
Mark Begor: It's actually, it's a little bit different. Originations, we don't get actual originations and the industry doesn't for until six months after they happen, somewhere in that time frame. It's a complex process for mortgages to close and then those mortgages to be posted in essence, on the credit file is when we see it. So the -- any mortgage origination data is actually on a lag basis. Obviously, there are forecasts that lots of people put together, but those are forecasts and not actual data. You can't determine what -- how many originations happened yesterday, that's just not available. Inquiries, yes, and we're super transparent with you about inquiries that we see on a current basis.
Mark Begor: I think we did highlight that we saw some -- we used the term slight because they are slight improvements in, call it, the net last almost 60 days, which we view as a positive, which is why we're -- it feels like we're at a bottom in the mortgage market, which I think is a positive for Equifax. And when you look at Equifax at -- and again, we're calling a mark-to-market that's down. But meaning said differently, in a flat mortgage market, we grow our revenue because of our outperformance in both businesses through price product, more records in EWS and penetration in EWS. I think the 15, John, is kind of in the same ZIP code even with those slight improvements. But we'll continue to be transparent as we look forward. And we know you and many others on the call, are looking for an improvement in inquiries. We are, too. When it happens, we'll share it with you, and I think that's going to be a real positive for Equifax going forward. But we want to be consistent in how we forecasted for as long as I've been here around -- off of current trends because, look, we're not economists, we can't forecast where rates are going. None of us forecasted the rates last year and the increases. And as recently as this past weekend, I think the Fed kind of pushed out the potential rate decreases that many were expecting in March out to later in the year. So we think it’s prudent to have a balanced forecast that’s consistent with how we’ve done it historically.
John Gamble: Yes. So in your question, you gave a big chunk of the answer, right? So we do think what's happening is USIS is comping off of 2023 where shopping activity was extremely high. so that their growth -- their decline rate in 2024 will be less relative to that very high 2023 year because of the shopping activity. And we think that's probably the biggest driver that we're seeing. Also, quite honestly, as we talked about what we do is we take a look at current run rates in the market, what we're seeing in terms of growth rates year-on-year, and we just run them throughout the year. That's when we say we're using run rates. That's what we mean. And we're kind of seeing that as we take a look through the January and the latter part of December. So we think it's both consistent with what we're seeing and also with the description I gave.
John Gamble: So I think what we indicated in talent, right, is that we're looking at BLS and BLS currently for the segments that we support is down about 10%. And we’re just expecting that we’re going to significantly outperform the markets we indicated by -- on the -- well over 10 points, right? So we feel very, very good about our ability to continue to grow talent despite the fact that we’re going to see a hiring market that we think is probably going to be down in the order of 10%, which, again, is kind of what we’re seeing so far this year. And in the -- sorry, and in the back half of the fourth quarter.
John Gamble: So mortgage revenue in the fourth quarter was 15% of total. And for the fiscal year was 19%, right? And just for perspective, in the first quarter, it's going to be on the order of 20%, we think. A little under 20% based on the guidance we provided. That's driven by our outperformance in both EWS and USIS, that we talked about, Andrew.
John Gamble: Generally speaking, we've talked about this in the past, right, is that our variable -- let's say, our gross margin on mortgage blended. And obviously, it's heavily dependent on mix because our margin on mortgage solutions, our tri-merge business is very different than our margin in the USIS business overall, which is obviously very different than our margin in EWS, right? With EWS having the highest margins, obviously of the three in general versus the blended USIS margins. But generally, what we’ve indicated is you think something like 65% gross margins for the mortgage business.
John Gamble: Yes. So we haven't given specific dollar amounts. What we've indicated, right, is that it continues to be a benefit for us, it was in the fourth quarter, and we expect it will continue to be in the first and the second quarters. But then again, just as a reminder, right, redetermination is something that occurs consistently as part of benefits programs that are funded by the federal government. So yes, there was an accelerated redetermination program following the end of the pandemic freezes that occurred. But the fact is, as we go forward, we'll continue to see redetermination revenue across our government business, and it is -- it will be an ongoing driver of growth once we get through '24 and we get past the accelerated redetermination activity we're seeing right now.
John Gamble: I think one of the reasons the TAM is growing as we continue to integrate the insights business into Workforce Solutions fully. We're able to now see there's incremental products that can serve portions of that government market that we couldn't serve before. So I think the part of the increase in the TAM in addition to what Mark described is the broadening of our product set because of the Insights acquisition. So we feel very good how that's going to continue to allow us to broaden that TAM even further over time as we generate new products to service government needs.
John Gamble: So I'll do the second one first. And so I think I was asked about what I gave as gross margins, right, so that people should think about gross margins. Incremental margins may be a little higher, right? They're going to be a little lower than the 80% that would have been talked about last year simply because there's been a significant price increase from one of our vendors. We pass it through. We do mark it up, so we can maintain EBITDA margins, but we don't -- we can't mark it up to maintain gross margins, right? So we did see -- we'll see some negative impact on variable margins on the mortgage business overall.
John Gamble: Yes. So I think in the margin bridge, we talked about this, right? I think what we indicated is the net benefit is about 30 basis points in the year, right? And so what you can think about Shlomo's exactly as described, right, we're incurring incremental costs in the first half of the year. The bulk of which go away by the second half of the year, principally related to the North American migrations to the -- of the consumer credit file to Data Fabric. And so we see those incremental costs mostly occurring in the first half. Some of them continue, right, because we're continuing to do migrations in international, et cetera, but we see a substantial cost reduction or benefit from the elimination of the redundant costs principally and also the elimination of migration costs as you go into next year. So in total, it's 30 basis points for the year. The biggest part of the cost occurs in the first half.
John Gamble: Our overall mortgage outperformance lended USIS and EWS, right? So again -- so it's kind of two drivers, right? So we've talked about. We expect in the first quarter, for example, EWS outperformed by on the order of 11 points, and we think that's really driven by price and records, right? And then -- and product, as we said, we're lapping the launch of mortgage 36, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2022, right, and was kind of fully implemented in the first quarter of 2023. So we don't see the big product benefits that we saw in '23 recurring here in 2024. Over time, we will continue to launch new products. We do it very consistently across the business. and we should see that in mortgage as well, and that will continue to add to the outperformance in EWS. In USIS, obviously, the outperformance is extremely strong in the first quarter, right, on the order of 50 points relative to what we're seeing the market at. And again, it's really two big drivers. We've talked about it already. We've seen a substantial increase from a vendor that we passed through as part of our pricing and we mark it up to try to maintain our EBITDA margins. That is a little dilutive on our overall margins, but it is something that we generate significant incremental profit from. So we do mark it up to maintain EBITDA margins. We're also seeing some incremental growth because in the second half of last year, we saw some -- we saw acceleration in products that are sold very early in the mortgage cycle. And since they accelerated in the second half of last year relative to the first half of last year, we're seeing incremental growth relative to the mortgage market transaction levels in the first quarter of 2023 relative to what we would have seen last year.
John Gamble: And it's also the prequal products that have gone on across the industry. So that's why we're indicating as, as we move through 2024, we would expect the level of outperformance in USIS mortgage to decline as we lap the periods in which those prequal products were launched.
John Gamble: Yes. I've been in the financial services space for a long time. Obviously, here at Equifax for almost six years, but for 10 years, we're in what is now Synchrony. So I know the financial services space well. And personally, I don't. Yes, that's not my view that it's going to spread and primarily because unemployment is so low and employment is so high. As long as people are working, they have the capacity to maintain their financial obligations. And of course, financial institutions like meaning our customers are using data to make sure they're offering credit to those that can pay it back. So we're in an environment where unemployment really drives positives in most of the delinquency bands. Subprime has been pressured primarily because of inflation in what we see. While they're working that demographic inflation, whether it's heat, gas, groceries, all those have pressured that group. And then as a reminder, it's a small part, a small part, an important part, but a small part of the financial services ecosystem, meaning most of the lending that takes place in cards and auto is done in prime and near prime. Subprime is generally done today with fintechs. That's where most of the -- and they've tightened up starting in the summer of '22, almost 18 months ago. They started tightening up because they saw subprime consumers pressured by inflation, and they were getting pressured around their balance sheets because most of them are bank funded or securitization funded. So they had some pressures. So no, I don't see it as long as unemployment stays. The thing that we watch a lot and I watch a lot personally is where's unemployment. And as it stays low and it feels like it's going to stay low. I think we still have something like nine million jobs open with five billion people looking, and we're still generating net new jobs. So that's a good environment generally for the financial services industry.
John Gamble: I think it's a little too early for us to begin in third and fourth quarter guidance. But look, we've said consistently, we expect to see nice margin improvements as we move through this year. And that's both sequentially and then relative to what we delivered last year. So we continue -- we expect that to continue to happen. I think you summarized what we talked about very well, right? And we do expect to see very good margin progression as we go through this year. And then obviously, to the extent that there was a mortgage recovery, which we haven’t forecast, we should see accelerated margin expansion as that occurs, right, based on variable to gross profit margins that you apply against our mortgage.
