Richard F. Smith: Thanks, Lee. On the second quarter outlook, assuming current exchange rates and excluding Brazil, we expect to deliver revenue growth from continuing operations between 12% and 14%. And adjusted EPS from continuing operations is expected to be between $0.70 and $0.73 a share, which will be up 15% to 20% when you compare it second quarter of 2011. With strong performance in our core markets and continued effective execution on our initiatives, our optimism and confidence for the full year of 2012 outlook has clearly strengthened from a quarter ago.  Now, although the mortgage market has been much stronger in the first quarter when compared to original expectations, we now expect it to start slowing as we exit the second quarter, enter the third quarter for the balance of the year, and come closer to the range we gave in our release in February. As a result, our view of the full year is that revenue growth for the company, excluding Brazil, will now be between 10% and 12%, which is at or above the upper end of our long-term growth rate target we've talked about in the past.  As we said in the past, earnings should grow an additional 2% to 3% as improved -- as a result of improved operating and financial leverage. If the mortgage market does better than we expect, we should be able to deliver even stronger performance over the year. Time will tell how the mortgage market unfolds.  Along with our improved outlook for the year, I want to provide you an update on each of our business units and how they are looking for the balance of the year. Starting with USCIS, we expect them to deliver double-digit revenue growth despite tougher year-on-year comps as we exit this year. TALX Workforce Solutions is expected to deliver upper single-digit growth for the year as they continue to drive new product innovations, market segmentation and expand the record count for the Work Number database.  Personal Solutions will continue to leverage momentum from 2011 to deliver double-digit revenue growth in 2012. In Commercial Solutions, we have a great -- we had great customer traction with our transaction-based services. But I've mentioned before, we experienced some challenges with our project-related revenue. But the pipeline is strong and the momentum will pick back up and as a result, we anticipate 2012 revenue growth will be in the upper single-digit range. International still should continue to deliver strong double-digit revenue growth for the year.  So operator, with that, we would it up open for questions.
Richard F. Smith: Yes. Again, what you saw was a very high level. But this growth, as you stated in USCIS, was extremely broad based. Almost every major vertical that you can think of was up strong double-digit, so -- which is great. NPI continued to play a big role as well. On pricing, we did announce a series of pricing initiatives middle of last year, Carter, which will sunset as we exit the second quarter of 2011. And that did pay -- pay some dividends for stock. Mortgage obviously was strong, that gave us a little bit of growth as well. Transaction volume, though, was extremely strong, as we mentioned in the numbers as well. Specific to the -- was it the resell market you were...
Richard F. Smith: Yes. The growth in Europe was broad-based, as you mentioned. Iberia was very strong, which is counterintuitive to the -- what you read and see in the markets in general terms in Iberia. U.K. continues to be extremely strong across all verticals, all markets. Most of it organic, Lee gave you a breakout there. If you extract out the Workload acquisition, I believe it was like 13%, 14% organic growth. So, strong. Specific to PSol in the U.K., that growth -- it's been a renewed focus from the leadership team in the U.K. Leveraging best practices and ideas that have helped the U.S. win and helped Canada win. We're now deploying those at a rapid rate in the U.K., so just a fabulous result in the U.K.
Richard F. Smith: We don't break that out specifically, Carter. But again, if you -- my words, and I think Lee talked about it as well, The Work Number growth was extremely broad based. And you're getting accelerated growth in non-mortgage and rate growth from the mortgage sector. So it's -- it's broad based, not just mortgage.
Richard F. Smith: I did not. It's -- I mentioned 29 products, part -- that exceeded our expectations over the last 3 years. I don't have that off the top of my head. They're performing at or above the company level.
Richard F. Smith: 2 good questions. On the first piece, it's a couple of thoughts, it's a continuation of what you've seen the last couple of years, George. It is one, because we have a unique data asset, we are solving problems we couldn't solve before. Hence, the consumers are spending new monies that they never spent before. So the pie of opportunity has grown clearly. That's number one. And number two, as we've highlighted in the past, we have taken share in different sectors, different verticals over the past few years in the U.S. and that continues to benefit us. As far as pricing goes, we invest a lot of money, a lot of time and energy on segmentation, bundling, strategic pricing and the general trend is an improving trend there. The spike you're seeing now over the last 6 months or so, I'm not sure that's sustainable at this level, long term. That mean -- we -- we'll not continue to invest in strategic pricing, but we've got a significant step up, as you know. Where we used to see 1 to 2 points of compression in pricing, we're now seeing pricing expansion. I would think long term it would get closer to equilibrium possibly. And so we're not counting on the expansion you see now for -- lasting forever.
Richard F. Smith: We tend to say that mortgage runs between 14% and 22% of total revenue. We're clearly in that range, we're somewhere in the upper teens for this -- for the first quarter.
Richard F. Smith: Sure. I was just down there, Rayna. That was the -- with the team. It's going as planned. The integration of products, people, strategy with customers is all going well, culture. Financially, it's going well. We're in the process now of developing a medium-term new platform, IT platform for the business. So it's sitting on all cylinders. It feels good, it's been well-received in the marketplace by our customers as well. So it's on plan as we expected and hoped for a year ago.
Richard F. Smith: We don't break a forecast down to that level, but I think I gave you a number earlier. So we expect it to be for the year, in the upper single digits. A strong growth this year.
Richard F. Smith: When we talked earlier, I think it was first quarter, when we had our last call, our commitment was to get a 25 to 50 basis points improvement year-on-year, and that was a -- a long-term goal not just a short-term goal. So that still stands.
Richard F. Smith: Actually, we don’t break out the total percent of revenue coming from analytics. We just typically give you the numbers as a percent of the data that comes to us -- just one of our analytical platforms. But I gave you the International just as a -- some insight that the analyst is really making a big difference in the International platform. Specific to the organizational change, yes, we had to spearhead activities across the company. No uniform, standardized approach analytics. And we have seen through other structural changes we made, if we create one centralized team, their ability to exchange ideas and best practices, leverage investments in one location for the benefit of other location, move talent around, so on and so forth just made a lot of sense. So we've got a great new leader exploring that, a guy who's been with us now for a couple of years. He came from one of the large banks, so he led their risk team there, really understands analytics and he's building a world-class team to take analytics to the next level for us.
Richard F. Smith: Yes, I'd say, it's -- whenever you look at project-based work, it tends to be lumpy, Julio. At times, that lumpiness can be to our benefit. At times that lumpiness can be to our demise. And just some larger projects that both the marketing side of CMS and on the risk side of CMS was looking at and also in commercial just didn't manifest itself in the quarter. So -- I don't think it's -- it's not something systemic that I'm worried about long term. It's just uneven as a short term, [indiscernible].
Richard F. Smith: Yes. On the marketing side, it was non-commercial. On the marketing side, it is coming out of the advice.
Richard F. Smith: I'd say, in general terms, including USCIS, it is a far higher level of execution on our side. It is NPI continuing to run at very good levels. It is customers spending more money with us they have not spent in the past. Obviously, mortgage is up as well. It is truly, truly broad-based. Pricing, as you mentioned, was a benefit as well. And I'll be honest, we're getting a little help from the market, which is encouraging, excluding mortgage now because we know that's pretty strong. I wouldn't describe the market in the developing world as robust by any means, but for a couple of quarters now, we're seeing a little help from the economy. Banks starting to lend more, consumers starting to borrow more. So the underpinnings of a healthy business are for starting in the very early stages of -- of moving down the right path and helping the company.
Richard F. Smith: No. 2 years it has been and it will be a good competitor. They got good leadership team, good products. And I think the fact that Advent and Goldman Sachs now own them gives them some cash, possibly, to do some more things that they would have done in the past. But we respected them before they were bought by Advent and Goldman, and we respect them now.
Richard F. Smith: And Shlomo, the nuance in Lee's point that -- which should not be lost -- part of the mortgage growth is the market itself. Part is, we've invested heavily in innovation in mortgage. We're now selling products this year and last year that we haven't sold in the past. So a lot of that growth is just our innovation, our new products.
Richard F. Smith: I'd agree with that. I'd agree with that, that they're -- they are showing signs -- and our data shows it, they're showing signs of going down market. Sub-prime credit card issuance is on the rise, so -- yes, it's nowhere close to what you saw back in the 2004, '05, '06 time frame. But it's definitely a little more aggressive than you are seeing in 2010, '11.
Richard F. Smith: That's great. One, if you think about the applications -- and you're right, they did -- the MBA -- it was up 50-some-odd percent. A couple of things are happening: One is that a massive backlog -- many of these banks are locking in for 4 months the rates because they don't have the staff to get out the mortgage applications to convert the -- convert the applications to actual underwriting originations. Secondly, a percentage -- and the GSE's estimate somewhat from 25% and 30% of the volume we are now seeing an application is tied to HARP. And as you know, Shlomo, HARP does not require a -- that they pull a credit report at time of initial underwriting. But they do require it at the time of the actual approval. So the combination of those two, say, originations are running at a lagging rate versus applications, but a big chunk of that will catch up once they actually get the approval.
Richard F. Smith: About half of the second quarter. And normally, you'd expect us to be on this cycle here, which is the first quarter, Shlomo. There may be exceptions to that. But the norm -- my, my preference is, and normal protocol would be first quarter.
Richard F. Smith: So we said at the time of the consolidation, was it 9 months ago, Lee? We get about 100 basis points of margin lift from the deconsolidation of Brazil, so you can just simple do the math and the balance is standard operating leverage.
Lee Adrean: Yes. I mean, it is up 240 basis points, which I consider to be pretty good. But of the watch outs you have to look for in that business, a couple of things: First, when mortgage happens to be a strong driver of growth, certain of the mortgage revenue is very high incremental margin, but certain of it, such as our tri-merge reporting, our Settlement Services have significant pass-through costs. So the blended margin on the incremental margin is not -- mortgage is not the same. It's just selling a whole lot more credit report. So you got to be a little careful on that point. The other, and it comes back to the point you raised about NPI is, we're not going to sustain, Rick said, mid-single digits. And of course, internally, we're trying to push to higher levels than that. But we're not going to sustain that simply sitting here and waiting to sell more credit reports. So we're driving a lot of investment in new product. We're moving into some new end use markets and channels. And all of that takes some level of investment. And at these rates of growth, I think people would be very, very happy with the growth we're achieving, while still expanding margins. But it's not going to -- 240 basis points is darn good and it's not going to accelerate from that rate of growth. But we do think over the next year or 2, we continue to see some improvement in the margin in that segment.
Lee Adrean: Shlomo, very simply, the mortgage market's combination of initiatives of our own plus the marketing activity was 5%, acquisition was about 2%, kind of organic non-mortgage was 9% out of -- that's the 16% constant dollar growth, ex Brazil.
Lee Adrean: Shlomo, I would also point out, we have observed periods in the past where the MBA index submerges fairly significantly for some periods from the volumes that we, and I think our competitors see. It's a sampling challenge for the MBA. And, just -- so I would not take the MBA application index as the definitive measure of market activity.
Lee Adrean: Shlomo, one thing I would also point out, just thinking about the corporate line generally, we are undertaking some investments in systems infrastructure. Some things that we deferred through the recession but that are going to help us be more efficient and operate more effectively as an integrated company. Those -- just the initial piece started to hit in the first quarter. We're going to see higher levels of that investment later in the year. So there's definitely a timing element in the first quarter, but that doesn't necessarily mean you're going to see a big drop-off in the second quarter, because we are undertaking some of the things that are going to continue to allow us to operate as a highly integrated company and bring all of our strengths to bear across of our markets.
Lee Adrean: Really, no changes in terms of our priorities. Where we have appropriate acquisitions, we will pursue those. Appropriate meaning they fit our strategy and we can generate good returns for our shareholders. Beyond that, given where we are on our current capital structure, excess capital will generally flowback to shareholders through share repurchases.
