John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah, George. Thanks for the question. We're not going to be specific obviously in terms of the type of growth cadence by third and fourth quarter, but needless to say, as Mark indicated, we expect to have growth in those periods as well as growth for the year. The contribution from DataX is relatively small. The company is quite small and the contribution really isn't very large.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah. In terms of Europe, right, I mean, basically the discussion is around debt management as you know, and we do expect to see some improvements in the debt management business in the third quarter and we expect to see that business return to growth in the fourth quarter. So that – those should both be very positive effects for Europe.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: And as we talked about before, right, with NPI, a lot of NPI it drives Online. So, when you're asking does it impact Online revenue, certainly it does, absolutely. So, there's been impacts across the board, as we said. Online, batch, have both been impacted by the fact that we were impeded in our ability to sell, absolutely.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah. I would think about it as pace, right? So, when we gave you the initial guidance back in March, we were in the process of trying to ramp the resources necessary for us to deliver the changes that we committed to. And quite honestly at that time, that the – the exact pace at which we could ramp that level of resources wasn't completely clear. So, what we found is, I think, we've been able to ramp a little more effectively, so that our pace of completion is faster. And I think when we gave the guidance initially, back in March, we said to the extent we could go quicker, we would. And I think that's what you're seeing, since we can go quicker, we are.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Only thing I'd add, we're very complete with Ignite Direct, obviously, also our customers their data scientists can contribute their own data...
John W. Gamble, Jr.: ...can use third-party market data and can use our NeuroDecisioning (sic) [NeuroDecision] (01:00:24)Technology to generate products and understand where that relationships exist that we can deliver faster. And as Mark said, the technology investments we're making will allow us to get those products to market faster with those customers. And I know you know this Jeffrey, Ignite Marketplace is more of an app, right? So it allows our business users within our customers to take a look and run analytics against their broader business more simply, like you would with an app, as opposed to requiring a data scientist to do the work. So we think we have a great solution in Cambrian, Ignite Direct and Marketplace and we think we can be very well.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah. And just in the fourth quarter, since we're just starting to do it as Mark said, you shouldn't expect to see anything really large, right.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: It's something we've ramped into slowly. Again, all we're trying to do is give people a perspective that we're not looking at a large re-entry here. We weren't really large in that business in 2016 and 2017 either. This is a relatively small business that doesn't have large investment.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yes. So just, again, I think we talked a bit about this in the script, right. I mean, what you're seeing in terms of the weakness in the first half of the year is principally around unemployment, insurance claims, our tax services business as well as in our ACA business. A lot of that's being driven obviously on the UC side by unemployment and in ACA I think it's kind of well chronicled what's going on there. So, I think what we're expecting to see as we go through the rest of this year is that we believe that those businesses are somewhat stabilizing and we're starting to see a little bit of growth in some of our employee services business. By employee services, it's the services we provide to our customers to help them board employees and manage their employees, and there I think we're expecting to see some improvement. In our I-9 business we're expecting to see some improvement, in our onboarding business and that should allow us to deliver a little bit of growth as we go through the back half. So we believe the declines should be behind us and we're starting to see – we expect to see some growth as we go through the rest of this year. Margins in that business, in the total Workforce Solution business, we don't give margins by sub-segment. Again, you saw margins down a little bit in the first half. I think we said specifically related to the substantial security investments that we made, as well as the decision to add more marketing and sales, because that business is doing very, very well. So I think what you're seeing is Verifier growth continues and escalates as you go through the year. And as you've seen so far, and as we see employers somewhat flatten out, therefore the growth of that business grows. It's a very high variable margin business and we're expecting that you'll see gross margins increase from the levels we're at right now.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: If you look at – International has been very strong at NPI too. So historically, and they continue to work at it. International's performed very well on NPI.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Well, maybe getting at it another way, right? When we did guidance initially back in March, for the full year, we indicated that you'd see about $0.40 a share from investments in security, technology, free product Lock & Alert and insurance, right? And we're kind of on pace for that type of number, not exactly. But there'll be – but it's – we're pretty much on pace for that type of number. So I think that's the way you should think about what those types of ongoing costs look like as we're looking at this year.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah, I think outside in I think it's what we've talked about really consistently. The differentiation that we believe we bring is the data assets, as Mark mentioned, right? So we think we have differentiated data assets beyond credit in terms of The Work Number, in terms of NCTUE, in terms of now obviously DataX, right? So we think that the data assets we bring to bear is what helps differentiate what we offer. We think we have an outstanding technology platform, and we think it's incredibly flexible. It's very modern. So we're extremely happy with it. And also the other thing that's critical to remember is NeuroDecisioning (sic) [NeuroDecision] (01:13:22), right? It's a patent pending activity where we can do machine learning and through that machine learning we can actually determine reason codes. And so use the machine learning algorithm to determine algorithms that we can sell to customers and that they can use in production because we can determine reason codes. So, all of those things, with think, are what give us a product that's extremely strong. I'm sure our competitors have reasons they like theirs. Those are the reasons we like ours.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Look, overall, they are continuing to execute on the strategies they have for an extended period of time. As the records continue to extend, then obviously that drives growth themselves. But it also makes the specific application more attractive in each of the end markets you just referenced, right? So, we talked about the markets that we're growing and they've done a nice job of selling into markets where the expanded record base now makes us even more attractive. They've started – they focused on NPI. They're offering new products that allow us to get more information to individual verticals. If, for example, they don't need the entire Work Number record, but they can use a subset of the record to drive revenue at a lower price we've structured products to allow that to be the case, and to also provide them historical information that may not be as valuable as current – as the current information, but it's valuable in their decisioning process. So, they've just broadened what we can sell and have been more effective in selling. So they've done a nice job.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: And you know this – our customer base is extremely diverse and we generally don't have really large customers but we have no customers that are near 3% of revenue, and any with that would be even moving up in that geography. The number is very small, right.
John W. Gamble, Jr.: Yeah. So, we haven't really done a long-term model, Bill, right. So I mean if basically that's the question and so I think we'll be vindicated is – as we move forward here, we'll make a determination as to when we're ready to talk about the long-term model again, but we're just not there. So...
Mark W. Begor: Sure. I'll start with GCS and maybe John can start on the Europe one. On GCS, we think this is a business that's important to us, dealing with consumers. We have a lot of interactions with consumers when they are dealing with us on the credit bureau side. And we had a nice business prior to the breach that we think we can continue with. We've been consistent in prior calls and meetings that we've had with our investors and others, George, that this isn't a business that we're going to have as the front of our strategy. It's not our primary focus, but it's one that we think is a business that's a good one for Equifax and that we'll start working our way back into doing some advertising and selling value-added products later in the year.
Mark W. Begor: Yes, good question, Greg. First, I think, John, gave you the guidance as I did, that we're taking up our forecast for this year by $25 million of the spend that we expect to do broadly. The bulk of that $25 million is between security and IT. Beyond this year, we're not ready to give any indications of what it looks like for 2019, but I think we've been clear that we expect to have a sizable investment again next year. And our goal is as we get into the fourth quarter, or later in the – probably in the fourth quarter versus third quarter, to give some real visibility to you and others around that as far as what our spend will be next year. With regards to our new CTO from IBM, Bryson, he's only been on the ground for three weeks. We don't expect any significant changes in either our spend level or forecast. How we're going to spend it as a result of him joining, but we do expect him to make some refinements to it. He's got really deep experience around going from legacy to private as well as public cloud and that's part of our strategy. So we think he's going to help us enhance that. He's very product oriented, which will also be a positive for us and there may be some tweaking, if you want to call it, to our plan. I think his bigger impact will be in the plan that we have, he -as that gets shaped in the, call it the, next three, four, five months and we'll be ready to share that with you later in the year.
Mark W. Begor: I guess it's hard to think about any verticals that would be any different. When we had the call back in April, we said, look, fourth quarter was really tough. First quarter was very tough with regards to customers wanting to understand our security plans and getting back to giving us some confidence and trust and when we talked in April, we felt some momentum there and some positiveness. That continued into May and June as we're into July. I think I tried to indicate, it's just a small handful, like, less than – it's less than the five fingers on my hand where we have, what I would characterize some ongoing tensions with customers that still want to see more of our security plans. The vast majority of the rest are just back to normal mode of operations. And really, it's just our focus now is just getting our NPIs back in front of them, getting that collaboration with their risk teams, their marketing teams around how we can help them grow. And I tried to be quite consistent in that, the message I've gotten everywhere is that Equifax is valued. They value our differentiated data, meaning we've got data assets that we can bring that others can't, which is a real value for us. From my perspective, we're kind of getting back to that more normal mode of operations. And I'm quite energized around Paulino coming back in. You know and others on the call know, he's an experienced leader, he's an aggressive leader, he's a commercial leader, and he and I and the team are going to be laser focused. We have been for the last couple of months and we will be for the rest of the year on really getting ourselves back to that normal growth mode in USIS. And we expect to see progress as we go week by week and month by month through rest of this year, into next year.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. They kind of tie together, Tim, it's a good question. Look, it's a competitive space, every space is. We operate versus 2Principle (51:37) and dozens of other competitors. And it was competitive before the security incident last fall and it's competitive since then. And so I think you point out that it is and will continue to be. Our competitors, I'm sure, it wasn't lost on them what happened to us last September and they would certainly probably try to take advantage of that in the past nine months. That said we're going to be aggressive, too. We're going to be aggressive about maintaining our business. We're going to be aggressive about getting new business. And your question about Online versus batch, for the most part, I would characterize any changes in Online of being really related more to that normal competitive environment that we all live in versus something related to September. There's no question that the September incident impacted our batch and some of our NPI stuff. We've been clear about that. And you know our competitors have put up some really impressive numbers in the U.S. and a lot of that has been them taking share from us, we believe, in some of the batch and new product stuff. We're laser focused in getting back our share of that, as we go into July and the third quarter and the second half of the year and we expect to do so.
Mark W. Begor: And Tim, just want to – one other point about – this, obviously, is an active world. And we're out there competing. But last night I got a verbal from our commercial team, from one of our U.S. customers that moved some business to us in a positive way that was with one of our competitors. So those things happen all the time. But, the good news is, is its happening, meaning we're out there winning in the marketplace. And I expect to see that to continue, particularly under Paulino's leadership and with the kind of focus and effort I'm going to put on it – continue to put on it as we go through the rest of the year.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah, it's a great question, Andrew. I think last time we spoke I was maybe 10 days into my role and now being three plus months I covered a lot more ground. And I was – I know a lot more now and I'm even more energized frankly about our market position. I believe, and I hear this from our customers, that's where I get the data point from is that our customers' view our data assets to be differentiated. So that's a very good thing. Second is, they view our products, our technology, our NPI cadence, our DNA resources as being a real asset also. So I view that as a real advantage and I'm excited about that. I think we've also been clear that we've got some technology opportunities to allow us to speed up our ability to get products to market. Our competitors, my sense is over the last five years, made some investments there that we did not, we're doing that now. And that's part of the investments we're making this year and that will roll into next year that will allow us to be even more differentiated, I believe, as we go forward. And the last one is that, there's great commercial relationships with Equifax. Those customers – the customer I was with yesterday has been with us for 40 years. And they are one of our key customers and we're primary there. And there's just a very strong relationship with or without the data security breach. They were supportive as we went through it. They paused, if you want it, in the first six months about new things, but now we are back to the races. So, I'm really energized about the future and I don't need to remind you, if you go back literally a year ago and look at USIS, with our data assets, with how we went to market, with our commercial infrastructure, the business was performing very well. And 12 months later, with the data security breach, obviously, putting some pressure on the business and the team, I look at that and it gives me great confidence along with the dozens and dozens of commercial discussions I've had, that we're going to get back. We'll get back to that growth mode that you're used to and that we want to deliver for you and our other shareholders. And I add on top of that the team. I'm really energized about Paulino agreeing to step back into a role that he did really well. Many of you saw him operate, you saw him lead and he's been there a week. I had dinner with he and his leadership team last night and they are charged up. And that is a long list of things that gives me confidence and it gives me more energy and confidence, frankly than I had when I was two weeks in. So, a long answer to your question, which is a very good one.
Mark W. Begor: Yes, we typically – as you know, David, we don't give the number out on that, but I would say we're still finalizing those plans. We've been consistent that – I've been consistent that we view this as a business that we want to be in. It's a business that we're never going to be as big as some of our competitors, use that as a boundary on it. And our entry is going to be what I would characterize as measured and whether we're actually at those levels or not, I think it's difficult to forecast at this stage, but we're going to walk our way into this in the fourth quarter and then we'll look at their performance and then make decisions about what we do in 2019 and everything we talked about is inside of kind of the guidance we've given you.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah, I think on the first half of your question about kind of getting fully staffed, it's – staffing is difficult to forecast but it's our goal to kind of be at a full staffing level. I know Bryson is looking at bringing in some new talent just like Jamil, our CISO did. And that will happen. It's happening as we speak. He's already worked a couple of hires. So my view to that first question is that we should be at kind of a run rate of the team as we finish out the year. With regards to 2019, I think we've been clear that we're going to work those plans between now and the fourth quarter and share those with you once they are complete. And with regards to cost base, too early to predict that. But to be clear, our goal in making these significant IT investments are to allow us to accelerate our revenue growth, to increase our speed of products to market. And as you point out, just simplify our structure both from redundant systems and using cloud, either private or public as appropriate to improve our cost structure and, yes, we expect through these investments to have efficiencies that will deliver along with the revenue growth and as we define those, which our goal is to do that as we get into the latter parts of the year, Bryson has some time to get on the ground, we'll share them with you.
Mark W. Begor: Yes, the NPI focus that, Allison, we've talked about on the call today and we tend to talk about with you is really around our core credit bureau or USIS and its both in the U.S. and of course our products travel globally. I don't see any different trends or competitive impacts there. This has been a really strong muscle for Equifax for a lot of years, and I think we've talked in prior calls that we've worked hard to make sure we protect the resources around our NPI processes as we're ramping up our IT and data security investments, and it feels like we've done a good job at that, meaning that the NPI engine is still working at Equifax. And with regards to getting north of the kind of pace we've had, I don't think we see that and I'm actually quite pleased that we're still on pace with kind of a consistent and attractive NPI engine working at Equifax. It's a big priority for us. We have a lot of people focused on it. It's one of our – it has been one of our growth levers and it will be going forward. So it's clearly a priority.
Mark W. Begor: Well, they are both important. The NPI, Brett, from my perspective, has been a strong muscle of Equifax for a long time. So, that's in place and I think it's well organized. We've got very rigorous processes in place. We collaborate with customers. So that one's working and the thing we try to manage, what we're trying to manage this year is make sure we keep the resources dedicated to that, so it doesn't slow down when we're doing our security and IT transformation. So, that's happening. The closer to the customer one is really one that's – an initiative that I'm really driving. And it's obviously quite logical. If you're closer to your customers, you're going to be able to engage more in commercial discussions, you're going to be able to show them new products. You're going to be able to show them new data analytics to help them grow. And it's really probably twofold. One, it's my DNA. That's how I lead as a business leader. I want our team to be close to customers. I think Equifax has always been that way. And it's quite natural, following the data security breach last September, the organization turned somewhat inward, which is natural. There was a lot of work done inside of the business and that focus externally, when I landed, call it three months ago wasn't where I would want it to be. And that's what I've just been ramping up. And I'm leading from my chair, by spending, call it half of my time in the field with customers. I'm in there with our key client teams and with our data and analytics teams. And it's really a mode of operations that I want to be a part of. And with regards to priority, I would say the NPI and being close to customers kind of go together. I'm just putting more emphasis on it.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. I'll start will – I've been – said maybe four or five different ways in this call that the focus from our team is like crystal clear and laser. It's our biggest priority. It's one that the team is on, the addition of Paulino, we think is going to be quite attractive. I'm spending a lot of time there. So, the resources and focus are there. And then it's – I'm really giving kind of my perspectives and the team perspectives. As I said, I had dinner with the team last night. We had a detailed discussion with them last week and where we're going through pipelines. And when we see pipelines building of commercial activity, that gives me confidence. When you – when I'm out with customers and we hear them, and then just have a dialog, yesterday, last Friday, the earlier last week when I'm meeting with customers, they are ready to get back into a growth mode. You think about it for your customer and they're an Equifax partner, meaning we've been doing business with them, they've got growth needs. They want to access our unique data. They want to access DataX. They want to use The Work Number. They want to use Ignite, because they want to grow. They've got their own growth challenges and we're one of the levers of growth for them. So, I've got a lot of confidence in the team. It feels like there's some wind building behind our sails, which I think is a positive. And we're focused on getting back to that growth mode. It's still going to take time. It's not going to be something that's going to happen tomorrow or next week, but the – with the pipeline building, converting those to deals and revenue, that's the kind of mode that we're going to be in as we go into – as we're in the third quarter already and as we go through the rest of the year.
Mark W. Begor: Jeff, (01:17:54). We probably don't give workforce enough justice in dialoguing with you, at least since I've been here. This is a really good business. And from my perspective, we're still in the early innings of the kind of creativity we can bring about how The Work Number can be used, new verticals, new spaces, more penetration in auto, more use cases around government for verification. There are a lot of opportunities, and as John pointed out, and then how we deliver it. This is a very exciting business that we view as a growth engine for us, as we go through the rest of this year and into the future. And as I say, I view it as early innings, because there's just a lot of potential here.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah, it's hard to size. First off, it's very few. I think I'd characterized it as, like, less than five fingers on my hand. We got a couple that we're really working on. And what the dialog is, is they just want to see more progress on our security efforts. We're dialoguing with them on a biweekly, weekly basis. We're showing them our work plans. We make progress every day with them and I'm trying to be open and transparent with you, that sure, there are couple. I don't anticipate what you described happening, meaning us changing our position but growing with them is not happening right now. The NPI discussions aren't happening with a couple of customers and that's something we want to move them to the more normal mode of discussions and we're going to work on that. The vast, vast, vast majority of our customers, that's behind us. They understand our data security plans. They believe in them. They see the kind of spending we're making, the kind of people we're bringing in. So, their confidence in us executing that is quite strong. And the dialogs are normal and we're into testing products, testing data sets, putting agreements in place to roll out new products, that's where the vast majority of our customer discussions are.
Mark W. Begor: And, I think, Bill, we've also been clear in the last call and in other conversations, our goal is to do that. We're trying to do that before the end of the year. We want to have some more clarity around our legal discussions and some more clarity around the USIS trajectory and then some more clarity around our investment in technology spend and data security and IT.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah, we've actually done a couple as I mentioned in my comments, Bill. We did one in Latin America and one in Workforce and then DataX, I don't know if this is number three or four. Is that...
Mark W. Begor: Okay, so we've done four or five. And these have been bolt-ons and tuck-ins. And the other thing in my comments, Bill, I tried to be clear about is the M&A machine was never turned off. But If you want to characterize that way, we got it turned on meaning that our team is out there. We have monthly meetings on it. I meet with the team all the time, the team that works for me, that works on M&A, and we're in the marketplace. And we're going to be looking for more of these DataX type acquisitions where we can do something that's going to bolt-on to our business. I've been clear in prior discussions that I'm a bolt-on guy. Looking for acquisitions where we can either have capabilities or product or importantly data assets is a real priority for us. And at the same time, I don't foresee another Veda in our near future, but we look for those. That was an example of a platform that gave us a really great position in Australia and is going to turn out, I believe, to be a very attractive acquisition for us. You know, those are things that we're looking at, too. So the M&A machine is on.
Mark W. Begor: Yeah. It's a great question. I think if you step back and look at Equifax, look at our Workforce Solutions and International franchises they performed well prior to the breach. They're performing extremely well post the breach. Those are strong and intact. And I look at those as really attractive businesses for Equifax going forward. And I mentioned earlier that I would characterize Workforce as being early innings, meaning there is just a lot of opportunities for Workforce here in the United States. And we're looking at bringing Workforce to a couple of other markets like Canada, the UK and perhaps Australia. So, you take those and – on USIS, there's no change in our differentiated assets. We've talked about that multiple times today. There's no change in our ability to bring new products to marketplace and obviously we took a real dent in customer confidence and trust as a result of security breach, but literally 12 months ago on this call, the second quarter last year, USIS was performing quite well and it's my expectation that we go back to that. Now, I'm going to be careful because I don't want to get into the long-term model, but when you think about the investments we're making in our data security, that's kind of table stakes. We're going to be an industry leading there, but the investments in our information technology have to deliver positive differentiation to us. When we get products to market quicker, when we're a more reliable data partner to our customers, that has to be positive to us in the future. And it has been pointed out in a prior question, our investments in our data infrastructure are going to deliver efficiencies when we have five versions of something we are running today, and we go to one, and you move either a private or public cloud, that's going to be a positive moving forward. So, we're going to spend more money on security. I think John has pointed that out. But when I think about the future for us, this is a business that performed extremely well for many, many years. I expect it to do the same in the future, to be a very strong competitor in our space, to be a great partner to our customers, and I'm very energized about the future for Equifax when you combine the underlying business and add to that the technology investment we're making, you get out into 2019, 2020, this is a very attractive business in our space.
