Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter call. We appreciate you all sharing time with us today. I'd like to thank the entire SDI team for maintaining a strong quarter-over-quarter performance and what was a challenging market environment and also express my sincere appreciation to our customers for their continued loyalty and support. Also I'd like to express our sympathy to those impacted by the hurricanes. Thankfully, our employees and their families remain safe during the storms, but our thoughts and prayers remain with those less fortunate. And before I pass it over to Theresa to comment on our third quarter financial results, I'd like the team to wish her Happy Birthday. Theresa, floor is yours.
Mark Millett: Well I don't think there is any way true to getting sort of compensated volume. I do believe obviously people or traders themselves ahead Section 232, we do believe that volume is or has been joined over the last several months. We believe that the market will tell you that in conjunction with the decline in order input, will tighten the market by the end of the fourth quarter.
Mark Millett: On the long product side, things are relatively flat, order input rate wise. The increase is been definitely on the flat roll sheet side of our business. It's probably just this last week, that we've seen that, it's considerable and it's parallel the market that we saw last year. If you look back last year, I think it was September in that case. There was a low hesitation - customers sort of order input rate, it was very short lived four weeks and all of a sudden things normalized and I think, we're seeing that same market environment today. People anticipated. I think that the certain mark was going to come up area in October, held back their orders accordingly. And now people getting back in the market. I think our customers are recognizing that the market is bottomed and we're seeing, as I said a very positive order profile.
Mark Millett: Well essentially, it hasn't impacted us in 2017 and we haven't - it's clear through the first quarter going in the second quarter of next year at 2017 prices. I think, there's a little bit of panic in that market price, I think people need to recognize the commodity markets, have a natural ability to balance themselves to reach kind of an equilibrium. The recent abnormal market skyrocketing spot prices I think is abated a little and we expect more normalized pricing environment prevailed in 2018. I think people are always seeing an expanded needle coke supply availability today. Given our longstanding relationships and some of us have been working with these folks 25, 30 years now. We will be considered a core customer, which ensures a committed supply throughout 2018, so supply for us I don't think is an issue whatsoever. I think, one can expect the tighter market and increased raw material input cost for the electrode producer will support somewhat higher pricing. Although I'm confident that they recognize, they can put the electric arc furnace producer at a cost disadvantage to the integrated competition, as they would lose market share, so prudence will prevail. Our expectation is for pricing to be at a more normalized level of two - in a range of two to three times, 2017 pricing. And I think, as you probably know it's not a significant impact to SDI, as electrodes are currently less than about half of percent of our cost [ph].
Mark Millett: Honestly we added the 300,000, 350,000 tons of capacity back in, when was that. About 18 months ago and two years and that is been ramping up so that's given us - provided a new capability. We still have quite a long way to go, to fill out that utilization which is a good news. I think in almost in every market we've seen more strength, we've been taking up automotive that's not necessarily - because the automotive strength but the expansion that we made and if you remembered on the lower diameter, smaller diameter size range which is principally the automotive range, so we've been penetrating picking up market share. Teams have done a very, very good job there. Off-road equipment, heavy machinery is been up, the Caterpillars of the world, the John Deere's ensuring positive momentum so that's been good. And we've also been beneficiary of the recovering energy markets. We put material into seems two markets and also into forging, for valves and those sorts of things. Generally pretty good there, industrial and manufacturing is also picking up a little bit. The only area of weakness and it's in –weak for more than two years now and that's agriculture.
Mark Millett: I think the non-residential construction markets will continue to incrementally increase and as such we will increase with that. It's a very competitive market arena. Obviously if there was an infrastructural build and it will be momentous for us to utilize that as additional capacity. But we always have focused ourselves on what we can do to control our own destiny, we don't manage to hope, we don't hope that markets are going to come back, we don't hope that we're going to have to trade cases to protect ourselves. Hence the diversification projects that we've got in place. Given another 12 months, if the structural and rail division will have a total different complexion and I believe not unlike the transformation that we've had at Columbus but we'll see the same at Columbia City.
Mark Millett: Well Timna I think we are actually a little confused by it as many of our customers are. And again it parallels last year. and if you can answer why we saw four weeks of the industry, not just SDI but the industry saw a four week low, back then I think it's the same this year. My only explanation will be again anticipation of lower spot pricing in October just like take the foot off the pedal. You see underlying demand. Underlying demand just doesn't change overnight. I believe underlying demand into October last year, continue to on this path and that demand is in place today, this year as well.
Mark Millett: Seasonality to me is seasons, which is two to three months or a quarter. This literally is four weeks.
Mark Millett: I don't see any renegotiation in NAFTA impacting our business. The US, the Mexican are both incredibly dependent on each other. There's a massive expansion of demand, of industrial activity in Mexico that the US is dependent on. So I don't see any inhibition of flow between the two country.
Mark Millett: I would agree that was draconian, but the impact will be somewhat flattish there could be some off the smaller consumers that see that drop, but there will be kind of an averaging out of just the pricing meeting whether the actual pricing is playing out.
Mark Millett: Again not to be redundant, but the maximum environment at least would suggest to me that the pricing should already be higher than where we're today. We've seen this low, the aftermarket pricing came up some and softened. It didn't come to the same sort of debt to softening that we saw last year that came up, not as much. And everything seems to be in place for a stronger market again. China is reversed they've got sort of a better internal demand. They're absolute export levels of triple down and not just tripled down or probably I don't know half what they were last year, year-over-year and their pricing is, Asian pricing in general is appreciated. View that's kind of come out of the debt of steel recession where they're seeing some positive movement, their pricing on a dilutive basis to the US is at par not more expensive than domestic pricing. And so the arbitrage really is just as I said earlier is just evaporated and if you look at the historic range of spread between domestic pricing and global pricing we should be much higher than where we are today. Given the demand trend is positive, so the centers have come up a little, they're not at that historic low that they were two or three months ago, but they're still at a reasonably low level. And imports should be moderating, continue moderate and decline through the fourth quarter. So I just see it setting up a very, very positive pricing environment for the first quarter of 2018 and all the way through 2018.
Mark Millett: Well I think we've shown that we've been picking up market share already and that will certainly continue, but obviously getting to sort of capped out position relative to volume, it's that three one-ish today and I think still tweak a little, but it's - those guys have been tweaking for 20 years. Amazingly tweaking for 20 years and I think we're sort of capacity there. The Columbus sort of 3.4 million ton production capability today. So that mill really hasn't sort of pressed, we spent the last two years since we pushed the reconfiguring the product portfolio diversifying the market exposure and team's done a phenomenal job there. They've done a phenomenal job developing new products and part of the shutdown here in fourth quarter is to change it according capability so that we can coil thicker, wider, higher strength materials so it's going to be expanding a product mix. So that mill will go into sort of optimization of productivity, so I think this is certainly volume growth there. We will continue to penetrate and increase market share.
Mark Millett: Well we have degassing capability at the Columbus facility again we continue - industry continues to work its way up the quality curves so to speak, but we are able to supply pretty much anything on the car, today with the exception of the exposed skin. The exposed skin volume actually is kind of deteriorated over the last five to six, 10 years as plastics and other things have become dominant there. And so the exposed volume total is not a massive part of the automotive segment and so we're really not missing add on much. Most of the car to be supplied by Butler and SDI phase.
Mark Millett: We got someone [technical difficulty] but I think, when I say 2X to 3X. I believe that's probably the pricing range for 2018. But again there's going to be a bifurcation I do believe between cold customers and sort of new entrants and probably folks in Europe and Turkey they might see a very, very different price. But I think two or three times could be an expectation for next year.
Mark Millett: You never know when opportunities arise, so timing wise I would say we - it will happen when it happens. I think, it should discipline in the past, we're not emotional and going and spend the cash because we got it on the balance sheet. So we are going to be prude. I would tell you that the last 18 months the pipeline has been relatively full of opportunities and the pipeline remains full and we keep assessing different projects in three principal areas, one obviously steel, we can't forget that we are steel producers and teams have done a pretty damn good job at that. They also do a phenomenal job at things processing sort of value add opportunities and then thirdly, there is a focus on manufacturing where we could increase our pull-through volume from our mills.
Mark Millett: But I believe certainly on the auto front. If the slide was up, different people report different numbers, but anywhere from 500,000 to 800,000 cars are lost. Those folks will come back to market. Obviously there's a certain timing for insurance sort of reconciliation on all that process for them to come back. So I would say, on the automotive side we're - asked to unfortunately we'll bring a little bit of bright light there and the rebuild we'll have an incremental impact on just construction volume themselves. I think we're forecasting just incremental growth in the products for 2018, no hockey stick. Unless there were to be an infrastructure build and then it would be quite considerable.
Mark Millett: Within the beam market, it tends to be much more complicated process to prove injury. It's a very diverse fragmented industry about hundreds and hundreds of different fabricators out there. And so just the process that bring a trade case is difficult, there is work being done on that. That's where in almost the sort of Section 232 could probably bring most benefits, certainly the most benefit to SDI because I do believe that the prefabricated structural and what I call straight - imports are going to be included, we believe.
Mark Millett: On the galv line and Butler it was anticipated start up progress, it's actually moving along very well still, we expanded the capabilities of alliance. So as we get more experience, we will allow the sales force to go out and take advantage of that and that's proceeded exactly as we had hoped. The paint line in Columbus is also doing very well. There is a lot of trials and approval processes that are involved as we enter into new markets in the Southern US and those trials are doing very well today as well, these are very complicated products. So we've been having our customers in shops helping us and it's really been great opportunity for the team and all of our paint line folks have been circling back and forth between the various lines we have, so it's a great time and we think we are on a good progress to earn some awards for next year. So more and more of these are approved, we see the ramp up picking up. So we kind of to the side, space for these as we get products approved and then we grow into them. So we don't want to let people down, but we're also pushing the team pretty hard.
Mark Millett: That's the plan. And the specific start up issue we had on the galv line painted product in the second quarter is absolutely totally behind us.
Mark Millett: Well thank you, Doug. And again once again thank you for your time today and thank you employees for doing a phenomenal job in the quarter. Again quarter-over-quarter the performance relative to all our peers was I think significant, shows the differentiation in our company. We are dependent on our loyal customer base, so thank you customers that may be listening and to the shareholders. Again thank you for your support, we endeavour each and every day to make sure that we have a better shareholder appreciation than anyone else on the planet in the steel sector, so. Thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Seth, the $25 million collectively does include excess expense, but it also includes the impact of those reduced volumes. We specifically didn't foresee the amount of specific volume reduction in the release itself, but it does include both of those items and a significant part of that, really is the reduced volume versus the extra expense.
Theresa Wagler: Novid just a bit reminder that 325,000 ton expansion in the smaller diameter really made for the engineered bar, both had extra rolling capacity versus melting capacity and that's the reason for one of the initiatives we'll be sending blue from a structural norm down to engineered bar so we can fully utilize that 950,000 tons of rolling capacity.
Theresa Wagler: And in addition to that, we have the 500,000 tons that we're focusing which is kind of half of that volume structural and rail division. But you also have the additional 200,000 tons related to rebar at rolling and bar division, there is a lot of things internally that will start to hopefully unlock in the next 12 to 24 months.
Theresa Wagler: So Phil from, actually an interesting point if you look at the structural and rail division shipment. You would have seen the typical there is seasonality within rail. So the third quarter is always the weakest quarter in rail volume that the rail roads determine what they're going to be needing for the coming year. And so that additional bump in volume is really on the construction side, it's on the [indiscernible] which again points to the strength of the construction market itself. So we would expect both rail and shipment back to improve.
Theresa Wagler: And Brett, we can't forget the tax as well, there is another probably 250,000 tons of capacity available at Texas [ph] so there is still room in the flat roll.
Theresa Wagler: Curt regarding the leverage, we just add to that our there are preference for recycle, not leverage less than three times so obviously the capacity on the balance sheet with EBITDA $1.4 billion is significant enough for us to be able to do something transformative and yet, still be very strong I think from a credit profile. And in addition to that, as we are looking at all these M&A opportunities which are several, we also are still redeploying our resources through both positive dividend profile which we kept over the last numerous years as well as levering the repurchase program which you saw we utilized that more aggressively in the third quarter and then we were thinking that, that could be something that we do on a go forward basis as well.
Theresa Wagler: Aside from the things that we're doing internally with the initiatives that we mentioned in structural and rail division.
Theresa Wagler: Thing about timing perspective the paint line in Columbus we believe will be at basically full run rate by mid-2018 and I would expect that market depending you can utilize as much of that additional 180,000 tons of galvanized line capacity in Butler next year as well.
