Theresa Wagler: Martin, the way that you and others are able to actually calculate what you call conversion costs is a little bit difficult. But yes, with the increasing production at Sinton, which we expect to continue to improve into the second quarter and the second half of the year, you will see that the additional volume will help compress costs across the spectrum, but product mix is also something that you need to take into consideration when you think about flat versus long. But we would expect to see that the conversion rate, as you calculate it, would continue to reduce. I can't speak to the exact magnitude thereof. 
Theresa Wagler: I think something that I would point out in addition to what Mark said. If you look at -- and take into consideration that volumes are, to Mark's point, at a pre-COVID level, but earnings were still, from an operating income perspective, about over $1,200 per ton. If you looked historically in a very strong market, that number might have been $150 to $200 per ton. So structurally, there has been a significant difference, and it is proving out the theory that we had that there's a structural shift.  Barry, maybe you want to talk a little bit about how the programs actually go into the public dollars. 
Theresa Wagler: Lawson, I don't think that we're talking about comparing to 2023 levels. I don't know if you were speaking specifically about pricing, if you are speaking about volume. But the pricing that's in the backlog and the current spot pricing that we have, they are converging, to your point, which would be expected as pricing stabilizes. 
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, this is Theresa. We're not specifically giving guidance on any of our segments from an earnings perspective. We don't do that, but I'll talk to you about certain levers. So, we do expect, as Mark said earlier, and you would see this normally, but we will have higher volumes, both across fabrication steel and mills recycling, as we move through the year, which is generally the case in the second, third quarter environment as you move out of the seasonality into stronger demand periods. So we absolutely expect to see that. There's also the potential for additional support that we believe will be there as it relates to the public funding, probably more specifically in the second half of the year and then even more impactful, at least in my opinion, in 2025, which will help provide demand -- fixed asset demand-driven increases in volumes. As it relates to the pricing and fabrication, we said that the change or the differential in pricing should start to diminish as it's been stabilized, really it starts stabilizing in middle of the fourth quarter and certainly remains so in kind of January, March, February -- sorry, January, February, March time frame.  So you need to take a view on that price differential that we've kind of just helped explain. And then on the steel input costs. So they keep about 8 weeks -- probably about 8 weeks of inventory, principally flat rolled on the ground. So as that pricing has changed in the first quarter, those input costs will move into the second quarter as well. 
Theresa Wagler: Yes. The biggest chunk of capital will relate to, obviously, the aluminum investment. And we would expect to see those tick up in the second and third quarter, as equipment continues to arrive and they hit certain milestones. So you should see the bulk of that additional CapEx or remaining CapEx being in the second and the third quarter, probably about equal and then probably go down to about the same level you saw in the first quarter and the fourth quarter. 
Mark Millett: I'll go backwards. That's the easier way. From a CapEx standpoint, as I mentioned in my sort of preliminary thoughts, virtually everything is now contracted out. We did, and you saw here some months ago, we did bump it up to that $2.7 billion with the knowledge of some inflationary pressures. Those are all baked in to that $2.7 billion, and we see no expansion on that number going forward.  From a commercial arrangement perspective, we've been working, obviously, with the major sort of beer can or the beverage can consumers. We've been working with automotive as well. And we're pretty confident that we have the ability to match our customer demand with the ramp-up curve. And as we also mentioned, operations should start mid-'25. There will be some qualifications early on. But we're confident that we can match the demand from those customers with that start-up ramp. From a standpoint of EBITDA breakeven, I would imagine that from the end of the year, I would hope we are in that position. 
Mark Millett: Yes. I guess the -- from our perspective, and I will let Theresa and Barry chip in here in a little bit, but from a shipment standpoint in Q4 and early Q1, shipments kind of leveled off at pre-COVID levels. We've seen some general seasonality and there's some regional weather impacts here and there. But booking rates increased in March and are up again meaningfully in April. Backlogs are around about 6 months. So we personally consider that to be kind of a volume trough, and we think things are going to move up volume-wise in the second quarter into the rest of the year. And I think the thing to emphasize there's only been slight quarter-over-quarter price erosion. And so for that to -- or that market strength to be there, I think it confirms our thesis that there's been a paradigm shift in through-cycle spreads. And I think we've got a very, very, very constructive view of the long-term prospects for fabrication. 
Mark Millett: Carlos, I would say, as you look at the mix across line products, as we make sections that are lighter sections, that's more responsive to what the marketplace is right now. So we've had a pretty robust level of order input. And Structural and Rail has performed pretty well. We tend to balance between our rail production and our structural production. And I think in general, I would say the market space has changed from one of where a lot of more fabricators were directly going to mills to more of a service center type relationship. And that's, again, a more historical way to go into the market, after the busy years for the last several years with construction spending. So we see a good response from our customer base, and we have healthy backlogs in our long products right now. 
Mark Millett: Carlos, that's still under discussion. Obviously, it's a -- we're a new mill. And so there's a balance between them making sure that they feel confident that the volume is going to be there. But as I said earlier, we have commitments in place that will support -- in large part, support the first 12 to 18 months of our ramp-up. 
Mark Millett: Well, I think it's, in large part, some of the seasonality and just the weather-related issues, Timna. The -- and you saw some price adjustment here in the marketplace, whatever that was, 2 months ago? 6 weeks, 8 weeks ago. And again, that wasn't necessarily market pressure that was just absorbing sort of some discounting that leaked into the marketplace over the prior month, 2 months. We feel confident moving forward for the rest of the year in that space. 
Mark Millett: I will start. I would just reiterate what I've always said in past calls. Coated products are gaining more and more market share just generally. And there are some pretty dynamic changes within the marketplace that is even added to that. If you think about the solar market, which is absolutely huge, huge today. You're consuming around about 25 tons of coated product per megawatt.  And again, we're selling Nextracker and a whole bunch of folks. I think we're something like 300,000 tons a year or thereabouts or even higher into that marketplace. And that's coated flat roll, people turn that into tubes for the support structure of solar. So there are more and more applications being served by coated products today. It's a tight market, and it's supporting the higher spread. 
Mark Millett: Well, today, we haven't seen any, I don't believe, Barry, any direct impact to our business. We grew substantial market share in Mexico last year. We shipped, I think, 600,000 tons or so down there. I think it's more of a wait-and-see situation. It's sort of a tit for tat going back and forth. But I think again, just as you saw with the U.S. MCA some years ago, the U.S. and Mexico are huge trading partners, and these things get worked out. 
Mark Millett: Well, I wish it was all absolute strategic, but some of it is just luck or bad luck, John. But firstly, the satellite mills will -- or slab plants will be pretty well focused on UBC. And so the Columbus mill itself will have to produce the 5000, 6000 automotive stuff and some of the industrial stuff. So the Columbus mill shop, at least 1 or 2 of the furnaces will come up reasonably early. We're focused on SLP or the Mexican facility, to be honest, because that one, the property was purchased first. Everything went incredibly well. The permitting went incredibly well. And it just is in line. Our property in Arizona, to be honest, had some initial permitting, I would say, slowdown. I mean it's just a bureaucracy delay that delayed that facility by several months. 
Mark Millett: I've been -- I won't tell you the language my dad used some time ago, but he called me a lucky critter, let's just put it that way. And I've been lucky all my life, and you need luck in life. So -- and the biggest luck I have is being surrounded by a phenomenal team, to be honest. So... 
Mark Millett: Super. Thank you, Matthew, and thank you for those that remain on the call and even greater thanks for those that support us, our shareholders. For us, hopefully, we've articulated that we have a very, very constructive near term on the markets, the start-up at Sinton and other sort of growth opportunities, the 4 lines.  I think what makes us even more excited, to be honest, is just a long-term competitive position. We are the -- one of the most efficient lowest-cost producers in the world. We have a very balanced, I think, product portfolio and a very balanced kind of circular manufacturing profile. So we've got a lot of pull-through volume from our downstream from fabrication and from our conversion plants. So -- and that amounts to about 2 million tons a year today. So the pull-through volume is very, very strong. It allows us for that -- the higher and more uniform cash generation through-cycle. I think Barry said we were at 87% utilization when the industry was at 77%. And that's been a historical norm for us. And I believe the -- our position in -- from a sustainability carbon footprint perspective is a huge, huge advantage.  And I don't believe everyone understands it. Our flat roll mills are reportedly and not us reporting it, but our automotive -- European automotive manufacturers are suggesting that our 2 current mills, Butler and Columbus, are likely the lowest carbon footprint of any sheet producers in the world, and Texas is going to be somewhat similar. So that's allowing us to gain huge market traction, certainly in automotive. We actually have more interest than we can support today in that arena. And if you look at the fact that we're already here and the rest of the world is spending billions and billions of dollars to get to where we are.  And recent discussions with a couple of different European companies suggested to us that just their conversion from blast furnace to sort of electric arc furnace and the DRI facilities. It's likely going to increase the conversion cost by $200, $250 a ton. And if you think about where that puts us on the global cost curve, we will be absolutely at the very bottom, and it's a very envious position to be. But most importantly, long term, we would suggest that it supports much higher through-cycle spreads. We've seen it in recent years, that's going to continue. Our earnings are going to be positively impacted by it. So incredibly excited for SDI going forward.  for those, again, employees on the call, thank you, each and every one of you for everything you do each and every day. We can't be here doing what we do without you. And you all put in a tremendous quarter and truly sort of punctuated the positive combination of culture and technology in creating the best financial metrics of any steel company, I think, in the world. Thanks to our customers. Again, we can't do it without you and our service providers and everyone else, just thank you for your support. Have a great day. 
Barry Schneider: A lot of these public the CHIPS Act and the IRA Act, there's a lot of work that has to happen upfront. And once those projects are -- owners are identified and engineering companies are identified, that's when this starts flowing into all the steel products, but specifically, when we look at the joist and deck, once it's a concrete kind of a plan on what's going to be built, the time line is actually pretty quick. So when those orders start to be in place, it's typically in a kind of a 3- to 6-month window, when they start shipping. So we're encouraged by what we hear, what we communicate through the general contractors, the fabricators out in the marketplace.  So again, we have a good reason to believe the second half of the year fills up nicely with these projects, as they start moving from conceptual phase to actually enter in construction phases. 
Barry Schneider: Yes, Timna, the -- all 4 of the process lines at this point have actually run product. We staged the start-up to best utilize our teams and also to really focus on improving the start-up process for the other lines. So a paint line in Terre Haute is up and running well, shipping prime product. We expect that, that ramps up through second quarter, third quarter, getting up closer and closer to what the final production will be. On the converse, the new galvanizing line down in Sinton actually started up very well. It started up in January and is solidly contributing at a very high rate already, which, as Mark said, the team has done a fabulous job getting that line making quality like that so quickly. We have an all hands on deck approach. So all the other mills are supporting the team. And we're continually moving people through to keep the energy high. So I see the second galvanizing line in Terre Haute coming up Q2 into more operational status and progressing to the end of the year, the paint line through Q2 through Q3 at Terre Haute. And then the new paint line in Sinton, Texas will actually be maturing to the end of the year. So all 4 units will be contributing soundly in second quarter, and progressing through the third, fourth quarter. 
Barry Schneider: As we had talked, we're about 70% through first quarter. We did take some time for a significant outage in April that was planned to, among other things, address the power problem we had with the primary side voltage at the plant. So we see a really good path to 80% progressing through operational by the end of the year, getting up in the capacity. In front of us, we see better and better performance, routine performance every day. So as the team encounters challenges, they work through them quicker. And through all this, they remain a very safe operation, which is so important during start-up. So the team is in place, the new assets will allow us to provide the best mix possible upstream so that the efficiency of the plant can really be explored further. So we continue to be very robust on where we're going and the success of the team. 
Barry Schneider: We had talked about the primary side power last year and having some transformers that needed to be replaced. And that equipment has very long lead times. Our team was able to secure some shorter-term solutions that we've engineered into place and done the construction. So now that the outage is over, we could put that equipment in with the power off. We look to bring the new transformer support, so that the plant has full operational capacity.  We've been internally limited at about 80% of the power capability on the melting furnaces. So at this point now, this will help us remove that restriction. When it's finally utilized, it will be somewhere between now and the end of May. But this April outage was key to give us the opportunity to get the construction done to work on the high-voltage bus. It requires the whole plant to be -- have the power off. So again, great work happening. It's unfortunate. These are long-lead-time items. And we've remedied the situation that we believe contributed to it. So we're very excited this problem will be behind us here shortly. 
Barry Schneider: I'd like to add to that, Mark, too, that the teams have been diversifying our coated profile. So we have many different kinds of coatings that we offer. And those various product lines provide a very good supply solution to our customers. So the whole supply chain has been maturing for these products, and it allows us to move our tons to balance our production needs as well as where the markets are interesting. So, we continue to believe that the spreads between coated and hot roll are -- will be attractive. And it's an area where we've really invested quite a bit of money over the last several years to make sure we have the right capabilities at our disposal and the right supply chain solutions for what the customers are asking for. 
Barry Schneider: Well, I think our position on the carbon border adjustment mechanisms, we don't see any meaningful change in American policy. There definitely is a lot of interest in Europe and the EU will continue to go forward with their plans. After the election, we would expect that there will be some kind of a united front to find out how to keep trading with Europe. We do believe that's a good thing for us as these develop, particularly with our incredibly low sustainability position. So we have a great position to lead into these kind of tariffs. We do see certain coated products moving into the country that are concerning. And as we address those through our downstream distribution and our customer base, we are aware of where certain products are moving in the country. And we do see certain areas where it's elevated. And we're doing our best to respond to that competitive challenge, as other economies kind of flush towards us when they get soft where they are. So, we're always monitoring it. There are solutions we'll look at, but we take that on a day-by-day basis. 
Barry Schneider: Bill, this is Barry. I think each project is so different. There's a lot of variables. And we provide materials to all these different types of projects. So depending on what the owner is looking for, where the data center might be located, that will affect the steel intensity.  But generally, the packages aren't wildly different than warehousing. And it really depends on where they're going to go and who's designing it. So that flexibility in providing the way we look at lots of different general contractors and lots of different engineering firms, we have solutions for each of them.  So as they go, they might be -- maybe think of it maybe it's a less steel-intensive job, but it might have more design work involved. And the opposite may be true where it's a straightforward design work in bigger tons. So it's really a broad spectrum across these different projects. So depending on each one, it's really hard to say.  But it is definitely an area where there continues to be interest because of the artificial intelligence, all the thoughts about what's going to be needed for that cloud computing. And so we remain very interested in there, trying to provide good solutions to the various stakeholders who are building those facilities. 
