Mark Millett: No. I believe that will be the kind of the earnings rate of the facility onto itself. Time will tell, I think the number of synergies is quite extensive. As we looked at the investment premise for Heartland, they're modest facilitated synergies and strength. Obviously we're adding that volume and earnings without adding domestic capacity of 350,000 tons of coded capability there. The nameplate for the cold mill is around about 1 million tons. We're anticipating somewhere around 800,000 tons though as again as we said in the prepared notes our focus is on the lighter gauge products through the node. So, I think we'll be ramping up to 800,000 tons of all through 2019 into midyear. So I think it’s great additional volume. It’s diversifying our product mix. It’s a 72-inch wide facility. It’s capable of loader gate substrates. We’ll be able through purchase of substrate from other producers, get into different grades and to keep going grades for the other market for instance. There were meaningful operational benefits. It gives us great sort of flexibility and optionality as we integrated with couple of flat roll facility. And it will give us a substantial pull through volume. Our intent is to be drawing about 300,000 tons thereabouts from Butler into the facility. And processing the remaining substrate from others and that will actually gives us sort of leverage on our steel facility we’re going to be fine when you consider New Millennium side of business and attacks where we’ll find somewhere between 1.5 and 2 million tons of substrate there. I don’t think you can overlook the exact pull through volume. The through-cycle earnings generation will be a huge kind for us.
Mark Millett: As Theresa suggested we only closed on June 29, the day after my birthday incidentally. But again we’re still absorbing a solid integration of that facility. I think we look at Heartland as certainly being a growth platform either downstream or back to the hot side or both with time.
Mark Millett: I think obviously we’re blessed with an incredibly strong balance sheet and our through-cycle cash generation profile I think will remain incredibly strong. It allows us kind of having a very balanced cash allocation approach. So we will review that at the end of that program. We obviously will continue to evaluate our dividend profile against the through cycle cash generation and would hope that we’ll continue the positive profile that we demonstrated in the past then to return some value to the shareholder. We're still squarely focused on growth both organically I think we outlined a lot of the opportunities that are in progress today and will give us significant value going forward. And the team has demonstrated for the last 25 years and we’ll continue to demonstrate our ability to sweep a lot more ahead of the existing assets. But then also from a transactional side its quite plus it’s just a crazy world but the pipeline is full. There are more opportunities and probably we can handle currently, so it’s a good issue to have. And I think those opportunities have significant potential strategic fit and also the significant size opportunities.
Mark Millett: I believe so, you certainly have increased market demand. You had year-over-year I think structural imports were down 20%, 22% or thereabouts recognizing a lot of that is rebar which obviously plays well into our strategy to get into that marketplace. The team though has done I think a magnificent job diversifying the product mix, getting into new market niche opportunities. If you look at - I know it’s small but the galvanizing line is installed at steel West Virginia. I think it's maxed - its wide open and it gives that mill sort of diversification and the ability to run at high rates even in this market today. I do believe it’s sustainable. Those environments continue to grow from a demand perspective. We’re seeing huge growth at the SBQ mill in Pittsboro. As a reminder, we installed additional capability back three years five years from that. Yes, but it never had a steel consuming market to really exploit or leverage that additional capacity. And the team is literally out there and is gaining market share and doing a great job. So I think long products is in great shape. It continue to grow and additional not only volumes are increasing but if look at the spreads in long products particularly structural for the last three or four years it’s been a year-over-year contraction, that’s reversed it’s a positive market environment. The spreads are expanding so we’ll get in the advantage of both volume and spread.
Mark Millett: But from a market perspective I think we suggested several calls when the spreads between hot-rolled cold and coated and coated sheet went up to 200 I think - 220 that we felt that it was a case of hot rolled coil lagging. It wasn’t the case of coated being excessive. Obviously with the trade constraints, important constraints hot rolled coil is come up to the coated and surpassed really the historical levels. We would imagine that over time with again with some control in imports that historical spread would be restored.
Mark Millett: I think obviously, you're right, Timna. The market is very positive, such huge momentum. Hot roll coil sector is very tight and will continue to be for some time and I believe that you're going to have some new hot roll capacity coming out little bit of this mingle junction capacities are going to bring some more capacity on, but that's going to be more than absorbed by this continued growth in demand and the notion of imports. I think from the standpoint of greenfield investment, our preference obviously is to grow through existing capacity and not add capacity to the marketplace, first and foremost. That being said, I think it's only prudent for us as we evaluate opportunities, transact more opportunities. We do so out of diligence, calibrate that against greenfield and the respectful return that one may get from that.
Mark Millett: Well, we're definitely seeing higher freight cost that are dashing through the system. It's in the view related to various quarter as we ship but is definitely pressure across the industry to move things back and forth. We're seeing all the way from scrap to finished good shipments. This point is concerning but it's manageable to supply.
Mark Millett: As far as demands at, we continue to see elevated levels of quarter activities that support further growth. Warehouse and industrial sectors remain in a big growth mode and make up the lion's share of the industry shipments these days. Resale construction continues to lag the other sectors with the exception of the discount retailer and dollar stores, they're still in a good growth mode. Again, quarter activity remains robust. The industry is off pace to talk about that, the industry is on pace to book around 1.2 million tons this year in the joint industry. That would represent the highest annual bookings since 2008. So, I think the team is positioned well there executing in a fairly tough environment from a cost standpoint and as they make headway against that, we'll see continued improved results.
Mark Millett: Just for clarity, the 22% year-over-year down is not just structural, it's long product, its general.
Mark Millett: I would put it in the classification of plan, acquisition right now we haven’t closed on it although it’s looking favorable. It’s not a mass entity relative to - more global scope. We will have a 200,000 tons of rolling capability principally flat and the flat bars that so it gives us some solid diversification. Our intent is not currently to start-up the half side it just to better utilize our steel West Virginia and our Roanoke billet capacity. So the good thing its one of the improved - again improve the through-cycle utilization and earnings profile of those two facilities down there.
Mark Millett: It’s a marginal or negligible I would suggest. So it’s quite timely that we’re bringing the Roanoke facility on. I wish Columbus city will be come along tomorrow as well but that’s not the case.
Mark Millett: Clearly the billets - because this one portion is billets have been stable through the year so that where we didn’t grow much. Our growth is in the smaller diameter bars and the cold finished market and hence our expansion into our all finishing facility and we’re penetrating automotive with some of the smaller sizes and the billets. The supply of that are coming from Columbia City plant, which helped the utilization of the mills out there.
Mark Millett: Well the substrate supply John to Heartland from Butler and it principally be for Butler is planned to be somewhere around 300,000 tons. That will expand and contract depending on strength of the market and elsewhere. So we will be continuing relationships with third-parties. As I said earlier we’re already buying early in 1.2 million, 1.3 million tons so that would take our procurement up to almost 2 million tons. So that’s not something new for us and hopefully will give us a little bit of leverage in the marketplace but we’ll still continue to maintain those good relationships we’ve had. Relative to hot production again as I said Heartland in our mind provides a growth opportunity whether that will be downstream or upstream and there is ability to install hot capacity there if we deem that to be a good investment.
Mark Millett: Well again would like to thank you for your time and your support of our company. I think our future is incredibly rosy. It’s good to be in the steel business today as even better to be in the steel business as STI. I think the demand profile the market profile and momentum is going to continue through the rest of this year into 2019 and I think we’re going to have fun. So thank you all. So our employees, thanks for all you do. And remember be safe each and every day. Thank you all. Bye, bye.
Theresa Wagler: While as it relates to buyback program Chris, it's really been a valuable tool for us and so as we get to the point where we extinguish the remainder of that program, we’ll take a look at where we stand on both from a transactional perspective and organic perspective and add that back to the toolbox if it makes sense to utilize that and so we’ll be addressing our consignment surely in the coming third quarter.
Theresa Wagler: And I think it’s important to add to that you mentioned the project. The project actually aren’t ahead of schedule and the ones that we're expecting to be initiated including the rebar project at Roanoke has started. But the one real significant project which help increase the volume at the structural and rail division even more is the additional rebar project which we’ve talked about not coming online and beginning of 2019. And so you still have a volume impact that's coming as well, not just market related but actual volume and diversification.
Theresa Wagler: So we’ll get into the details but what I will tell you is that we’re not using the records first as we seen in the last call it 2016, 2017, 2018 we’re using a longer term average for that spread.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, no, it's very well said. We've got increased pricing even in the second quarter on adjacent backside. We don't expect demand to support backfilling into third quarter as well. So much of it, if you remember Seth they have 8 to 12 weeks from the time they close to the time they ship. That takes some time, so I would expect some of the compression in the third quarter as well.
Theresa Wagler: So, from a long side perspective, we didn't have year-over-year, we haven't had any significant M&A. All we did was add maybe 80,000 tons of capability annual rate on the finishing side of SBQ. We didn't see really anything from a transactional perspective. From the perspective of organic growth project, again, as I mentioned them, the rebar project, we all know is actually just getting started now. So that year-over-year change also is not really related to any organic type of expansion. It really is mostly market driven and from the perspective of whether that share or not, one can jump in, I would suggest that. There is market share gains on the beam side and on the SBQ side. I'm not sure about any other specific pull out.
Theresa Wagler: So, we're feeling pretty optimistic, how we make the second half of the year related to construction demands both from the perspective of what we're seeing on the long product side as well as Chris's commentary on fabrication.
Theresa Wagler: Cleave, I’m not sure that we're able to answer that question specifically right at the moment, but it's our gut and we know lot of the momentum is really happening within the end markets itself, although imports have obviously been impactful.
Theresa Wagler: Well they would have been meaningfully higher and the reason that would be is because if you look at the spot differential it had currently it would be higher than our average unless specific they are flat roll they had nothing to do long product. So it would be higher than the average and we have 6% of our book today at Butler and Columbus we’re basically hired the contract. And so that lagging in every two or three months. And that will have an impacted the second quarter regardless of volume and mix and so you’ll see some of what would be current force, so we have been made you into light spot spreads hitting the third quarter this year as we move forward 50% of that. So there is an impact but I can what will I guess I should say quantify that.
Theresa Wagler: I do Phil, I am sorry, I made you ask. I didn’t flip that page. Hot rolled and P&O for the second quarter the shipments were 915,000 tons for cold roll and it was 135,000 tons and for coated it was 774,000 tons.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so the Indiana lines have been running pretty full and that’s not the differential but I think we are speaking about is the ramp at the Columbus paint line and it’s actually ramped up quite well. So shipments in the second quarter were around 90% to 95% of their shipping capacity on painted.
