Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia and welcome. Good morning everybody and happy 2020. Thanks for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. We certainly appreciate your time today. To begin, I would like to thank the entire SDI team and their families for their extraordinary dedication and passion. 2019 represented a period of market challenge yet the team achieved numerous operational milestones as well as a strong financial performance, record steel shipments, record fabrication shipments to name just two. 2019 represented the third best year since our inception in 1993, the best testament to the superior performance of our teams and our differentiated business model. And to impart clarity, Theresa will provide insights into our recent performance.
Mark Millett: Yes certainly. I think we are incredibly constructive on the market in general going into 2020 and 2021 to be – for that matter. Because again underlying demand last year didn't dissipate. The whole price drop was the sort of a drawdown or destocking of customer inventory and that obviously is reversed here in the last couple of months of the year and going into 2020. And so, it's a very positive market. You have the two principal markets, flat roll markets automotive and construction in great, great shape and that represents 60%, 70% of the market. There's incredible optimism on the construction side. New manning and building systems, our fabrication platform has an incredible business going into the year and I think that bodes incredibly well for construction in general. And it also parallels with our pre-paint building products on the flat roll side. So construction we believe is going to be very, very strong in the year. As I mentioned earlier, we think the energy sort of pipeline infrastructure is going to be strong for the year and for the next two or three years, as we go down that path of energy independence and drawing all those energy products down to the Coast for export. Downhole energy is a little weak perhaps. But again, the improving demand environment -- and if you look at our order books generally, they've been very, very strong. Pricing is very, very robust. Lead times have stretched out. The 232 tariffs have had their impact, but just the trade environment in general is very positive. And obviously, the passage of the USMCA is already garnering results. We're certainly seeing foreign sort of auto producers that were bringing material in from Asia and from Europe looking for domestic sourcing and we've been the beneficiary and we've been picking up dramatic amount of market share there. On the long product side, again pretty bullish there. I think some of the cloud of uncertainty is lifting a little bit and there's general optimism. And as I've said in the past calls, engineered bar is our sort of bellwether for the steel-consuming environment. And generally, they're seeing a pretty strong uptick. A lot of that -- or some of that could be just that customers overshot the destocking and the restocking, but we truly believe underlying demand is robust. Automotive is strong there. We're seeing a very, very strong pickup in our supply to coat finishes. There's even a pickup in the seamless tube market. Trailers and yellow -- trailer is a little flat, but even yellow goods is picking up. So we're seeing good strong benefit there. And then obviously we'll benefit Pittsboro and our Structural and Rail Division as they send more blooms down to -- there for conversion. Roanoke business merchant shapes is okay. In Structural and Rail Division, I think we're seeing a little softness a little softening in rail CapEx from the major railroads, but we seem to be picking up market share. The team has done a phenomenal job. We produce some of the highest-quality rail in the world. And we're penetrating the transit and high-speed rail environment. So that's a good business for us. And again parallel flange in the structural arena, we see that being pretty solid through the year. So generally, I think it's going to be a very good year a much more positive year than 2019.
Mark Millett: You want to -- I think, the weather in the Midwest is pretty moderate. So, flows are relatively strong on the absolute cut rates. We see very, very strong flow in prime grade still. Obviously, industrial business and most importantly automotive stamp plants are growing very, very strong. So the flow of scrap is good. And then, during the year, I think, you're going to see some additional sort of HBI alternative iron units come online. So we see a pretty stable raw material environment, with a strong product environment and I think that bodes very, very well for spreads through the year.
Mark Millett: Well, obviously, between the Section 201 countervailing duty and antidumping trade cases that have been with us for some time and will remain with us for a good long time as well and the 232, we saw a considerable moderation in imports through the year last year. I think, that will continue. Obviously, the arbitrage to European and Asian pricing is not totally attractive for folks to look offshore. So, again, I think, imports will be moderated.
Mark Millett: Well, all I can say is -- or comment on the market through our lens and as I suggested the -- our backlogs are very, very strong right now. They're incredibly strong in New Millennium Building Systems, which would suggest that the construction world is going to have a very, very good year. The distribution warehouse business in that arena is incredibly strong. So construction, we do believe, is going to be robust. Automotive has been running at a relatively record pace and the prognostication is that, okay, maybe off a little, but it's going to continue to be strong. As we look through the lens of engineered bar, which I suggested earlier is our bellwether that's a very, very healthy business and it's looking better now than it has for a couple of years going into the year. And flat roll remains very strong. Coated products and obviously we're the largest non-automotive coater in the states that is very, very strong for us. So again we can only see what we see. And we can only hear what we hear from our customers and there's general optimism out there. Part of that strength could be a little restocking as people overshot last year and that tends to happen. People buy too much and they -- then they go too short. But underlying demand in our mind is very, very solid.
Mark Millett: I think it's fair to say in the automotive arena in particular. And in the prepaint I don't think we're taking any further market share, because our lines are running flat out and we can't produce anymore. But with our Sinton plant with the added capability we will continue to add there. But yes so automotive we are picking up I think market share. The rest of our business is more straightforward market.
Mark Millett: And to be perhaps a little more specific at Columbus we -- as Barry said we're on platforms. Well, our market share has picked up already but we're on platforms over the next 12, 18 months to pick up probably 500,000 tons will be coming out of Columbus into direct automotive. And obviously when the Sinton plant comes online, we believe about one million tons will be going to Mexico and predominantly into the automotive arena. And if you just step back and look at automotive, for us, more generally, our traction has been incredibly quick and fast. For the automotive world they tend to in the past to react very, very slowly. Obviously, the USMCA is driving a lot of that, as folks are looking for domestic content. And they look to us, first and foremost, I think to our balance sheet. They want to partner with someone that's going to be around for the next 10, 20, 30 years. And our balance sheet is more solid than some folks,' I would say. They also look at our sustainability model. Obviously there's a lot of Europeans. And a lot of our traction has been with the European automotive makers BMW, Mercedes, VW. And they see our sustainability story as being very, very persuasive. The fact that, we will repurpose 10 million, 11 million tons of scrap each year, we're repurposing about one billion pounds of non-ferrous and there are a considerably more and more positive things with our ESG sustainability story. So they're attracted to that. And they're also attracted to our product development. So we are gaining a lot of market share, a lot of traction with the automotive industry in general.
Mark Millett: I think you can expect that we shipped 500,000 tons a little over last year and that we'll be ramping up through the year to that 750,000 to 800,000-ton level. That's not going to happen this month or next month. But I think, as Barry said, as we gain new markets, you're going to see that ramp up through the year.
Mark Millett: Well for those that are still on the line, thank you for your support, both from a customer and shareholder perspective. And also, our employees that I'm sure are still on the line, we truly appreciate everything you do for us. And I just want to emphasize that hey, let's be safe out there and make sure that your fellow teammates are safe as well. So, thank you. Have a great day.
