Mark D. Millett: Well, Tricia (2:18), perfectly done – thank you – during your first call. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. I wish each and every one of you health and happiness in 2016. 2015, as we look back, turned out to be a period of considerable challenge. Significant industry shifts took place in the global steel community as both product and raw material prices weakened dramatically and the U.S. became the preferred home for unfairly traded steel. That said, we believe the existing landscape provides a unique opportunity for Steel Dynamics. We are well-positioned with record liquidity, a strong balance sheet, things most others in our industry today cannot say. But before explaining further, I ask Theresa to comment on our results.
Mark D. Millett: Well, the additional 100 customers, and I was down there yesterday, is actually 120 customers right now, is specifically Columbus, not the company as a whole. I think the team has done an absolute phenomenal job, not only on the cost structure, and I'm sure at some point Chris will speak to that, but the product diversification there has been incredible in a very short period of time. As I've said, we've seen a dramatic increase in value-added product mix there from earlier in the year. Automotive, the automotive team has made, in all honesty, incredible progress on a couple of different fronts. Firstly, as you know, we created our own team to go direct to automotive customers, and that's paying off very, very well. And we're hoping to see about 200,000 tons or so – 150,000 to 200,000 tons of auto business emanate from that activity in 2016, and if we're successful, and we will be successful there, that's going to grow dramatically into 2017. So, kudos to the team there. And one area that has helped us there and actually across our platform, also in Engineered Bar, is our financial strength. Obviously, the consumers are getting a little concerned about some of our peers maybe. And they, particularly the Europeans, want to partner with people that are going to be here for 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and we're seeing a lot of activity based on that. They like our team. They like that we're innovative and we're rapid, and we can develop things very quickly. And they like the fact that, again, we're going to do more than survive. We're going to grow greater value for them going forward. The Columbus team also is moving to lighter gauge high-strength low-alloy type steels and also X70 and X80 type grades. So, they're expanding their product mix. We've also had great fortune with our existing customer base in our new process, in particular, that they've got a facility on site. And I think, Chris, that activity has increased from to 25,000 (27:39) to 30,000 tons in prior years to about 120,000 tons in 2015. So, our partnering relationships and our consistency of commercial approach, I think, is paying huge dividends down there. And then the paint line and the Galvalume expansion is only going to accentuate that, it brings 250,000 tons or so of construction-type painted products, HVAC, appliance grades, surface-critical materials. So, the team is doing an absolutely phenomenal job there from my perspective.
Mark D. Millett: Well, obviously, the environment is somewhat challenging for some of our peers. And the team, as you heard, did an absolute phenomenal job last year in performing in a tough environment. I think generating over $1 billion of cash just demonstrates the strength of our business model and the phenomenal job our guys and girls did. It put us into a phenomenal position. We've got record liquidity. We've got a lot of cash. We're healthy and in a position to grow. And we still have, if needed, access to capital markets because of all that, whereas many of our – some of our peers perhaps will struggle there. From an allocation perspective, because I think, Tony, that's kind of where you're headed there, we have said in the past and would like to continue a positive profile on our dividend. We have focused internally and looking at organic opportunities and there's some incredibly positive value creation, very efficient, effective use of CapEx through some organic growth projects. We have somewhere around 400,000 tons, maybe 500,000 tons of excess hot metal capacity at Columbia City, our Structural and Rail Division that we can leverage. The team has been working on the imbalance in hot metal and downstream production at Roanoke, so there's some upside there. And Steel West Virginia has a somewhat old melt (30:53) caster environment which we can, I think, improve on in some way, shape or form going forward. And then there are obviously just the innovative tweakings that our guys seem to continually come up with. We got a smaller hot-rolled galv line expansion potential uplift. It's just a myriad of smaller projects that the guys just continue to come up with to create value and diversify our product mix even more. On the acquisitional side, again, the industry's in stress. Our main focus is in improving the quality of our margin, the profitability of our business, and I think that speaks more downstream than sort of back-stream. So, value add, downstream processing, things that mitigate our – the cyclicality of our business, things that will mitigate perhaps the import – situational import pressure that will be with us forever at some level.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think there's positive momentum, generally. I'm sure Dick can speak to some of it, but the inventory overhang, there's continued destocking there and it's becoming imbalanced. It's still relatively high, particularly in hot band. But in coated products, in coated (33:10) sheet, I think it's getting into a good position. And you speak to a seasonal uptick. I think we're seeing that as well. But the – we suffered in, I think it was October and November was where we took a real hit to volumes, and we were just talking this morning. In the last two weeks – Chris, the last two weeks of December, Columbus took 330,000 tons...
Mark D. Millett: Of orders. Quite a flip. For some time the customer base has been concerned as to where raw material pricing might go. There's – consumer confidence out there, just from the global sort of geopolitical environment is a cloud. Once they saw stability in raw materials, I think they came back to market. So, our lead times have been stretching out. They are weakest in hot band. And again, there's still a lot of inventory out there. But lead time I think in Butler and Columbus is in the two weeks to probably stretching to three weeks. Still, we keep it no longer than four weeks in any event. But of all the products, hot band is probably the softest. On cold roll sheet and coated, I sense a tightness forming in that arena. I think it's a combination of – the automotive arena is strong. So, the integrated mills got a relatively good order book. Construction continues to come back. There's some destocking going on. And we have some relief from the trade cases and erosion of import levels. So, that's timing, and we're about five weeks at Columbus. We're over six weeks at Butler. And at Techs, we're about six weeks to seven weeks out. So, that arena, I think, is – again, I sense a tightness growing there and that obviously gives the ability for some further price appreciation. You may see a strange – I saw it in the American Metal Market this morning, but we are seeing two slight diversions of the typical spread between hot band and other products. I think hot band, near term, will be kind of flattish, whereas as I said, corro sheet and coated are likely to appreciate.
Mark D. Millett: Yeah. Super. And I know we spoke about it already, but just to emphasize, the CSi acquisition, relatively small for us, perhaps, but very good value, and it's already paying great dividends. The deck share increased from beginning of the year at 24% to 31% at the end of the year, I think, is testament to the decision that the team made there.
Mark D. Millett: Well, when we talk of contract business, those are not fixed price contracts. They are index – they're volume contracts against the index. So, as the product pricing sort of ebbs and flows, the pricing changes with it, but we're not locked into fixed pricing all year. I wouldn't say none, there's a few tons, but absolutely (46:42) meaningful in the scheme of things.
Mark D. Millett: We're pretty happy with the balance between those volume commitments versus the spot market. And to emphasize Dick's point, because I think it's a critical point, because it's a changing paradigm maybe. But this past year, when automotive pricing, we don't know for sure, but automotive pricing probably on a fixed basis was in the $600-ish (48:50) range. When we see our perspective customers in that arena, see the positive impact of a CR-based index, and with us, they saved in the spot world considerable money. I think you're going to see that paradigm actually change for the auto industry, personally.
Mark D. Millett: Well, we have always been a reasonably large player in automotive. Obviously not anything close to the integrated mills, but relative to our electric-arc furnace-based peers. Butler, for instance, is around about 30%, 32% of its product mix has been for a long time going into automotive. Supply chain, different there, where we've used processes to be the conduit into that business, whereas, we are – we're going to retain and keep those relationships. At the same time, the automotive consumers have a mill direct buy or business, which is substantial. And so we're targeting that mill directly through our automotive team of eight folks that we brought on.
Mark D. Millett: Yeah. And as I said, they've been doing a phenomenal job. The addition of Columbus gives us some better product capabilities. Obviously, the width, 72-inch wide helps. And it also allows us to get into some of the – not all, but some of the high-strength low-alloy-type products for automotive. We are not targeting exposed. There's plenty of steel on a car, on a vehicle, on a truck that doesn't need the super surface-critical qualities that maybe an integrated producer can provide.
Mark D. Millett: And if you look at the – just the market generally, imports early in the year, around about 34% of our domestic consumption. Yeah, that eroded to about 30% in the fourth quarter, with a lot more activity to be determined here in this month, next month. So, we strongly predict that imports will continue to erode. Will they get back down to 21% or 23% in the near term? Probably not. But again, you knock 1 million tons here and 1 million tons there out of the marketplace, that is meaningful. And yes, there's the old Whack-A-Mole game, you totally shut China out, but maybe Vietnam is growing a little bit here and there, and you're getting some tons substituted elsewhere. But to Dick's point, you have counter [countervailing] duty and antidumping, you may think 15% relative to 200% against China is small, but these products are selling – they're not hot band products, they're coated and painted, so they're selling at $600 to $700 a ton, 10% to 15%, that's $90 to $100 impact. And as we talked to our larger – I won't name names – but several of our very large processing customers out there, they also anecdotally indicate to us that these are meaningful duties and will erode the import number.
Mark D. Millett: The industry obviously is going through incredible financial stress. If you read – if one reads the American Metal Market, literally, every single morning, there are two or three scrap yards, scrap organizations either idling, going bankrupt, selling. I mean, it's a stressed, stressed, stressed industry. You might see us on a very small basis, on a very regional basis, pick up a small asset here and there, but I'm talking small, small dollars, not huge.
Mark D. Millett: And you may see us also – and you may also see us strengthen our abilities around the Columbus mill to provide some security there. But we're not in a big -- let's roll the scrap industries up and consolidate.
Mark D. Millett: So, in aggregate, Aldo, we – the steel team has done a phenomenal job growing its capabilities, I would tell you, over the last five years since 2008. And we still have more than 2 million tons of what I call peak capacity that -- we've never had a steel-consuming environment in which to totally exploit that. So, our capabilities today are so much ahead of our prior peak, it's untrue.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think from a net leverage basis, we're about 2.7 times, so that's under our, say, hurdle of three to 4 (1:17:13) relatively comfortable there. That's not to say we wouldn't take advantage going forward. From a dividend perspective, we have – or you've seen a, what we call, a positive profile but an improvement or an increase sort of year-over-year. Last year was a big step-up, 20% or so, and that was really a reflection of the acquisition of Columbus and the step-up in natural cash flow from that asset. So, I would not suggest that when we say a positive profile, you're going to see 20% every year. But I would suggest that the positive profile will hopefully remain intact going forward. We've got substantial cash flow generation as you saw last year, and our business model will continue to provide the ability for that dividend payment.
Mark D. Millett: Yeah. Totally. We continually assess options. I would tell you that the current environment is certainly unique, I think, in most of our short lifespan as an industry. But it's going to be an interesting year, interesting 18 months. And I think it's a case of a good time to keep one's gunpowder dry. Be patient, because I think there's going to be – there are already tremendous opportunities – tremendous, I take that back. There are already a myriad of opportunities coming to market. And I think the focus needs to be being prudent and patient, and waiting for those opportunities that will really, really improve our margin profile and not just take the first thing that comes down the road, so to speak.
Mark D. Millett: Utilization, yes. I think the – for the first quarter, volumes will be improved. I think margins will – one needs to realize that there's going to be a carry-through pricing. We do have index pricing. So the contract pricing will carry through into January through December, so that's going to mute things a little bit. But no, volumes, utilization definitely will improve.
Mark D. Millett: Super. Well, for those on the line, we certainly appreciate your support. And we continue to say that we are incredibly and uniquely positioned in our industry. Our business model has paid off. We have and will continue to generate a strong cash flow in these difficult times. We have, as I said earlier, a couple million tons of latent capacity to exploit over the year. We have inorganic opportunities. We have certainly organic opportunities to improve. Columbus continues to do a phenomenal job, we expect great things there. And as we've discussed, I think there are going to be opportunities available for sort of acquisitional growth as well, we just need to be careful and make sure they're the right ones. But we're excited. Even in a tough environment, we all get excited every day to come to work. We've got a phenomenal team and we're supported by phenomenal customers. And we certainly appreciate your support, too. So thank you. Have a great day and be safe.
Theresa E. Wagler: Regarding the conversion costs, Tony, they were up somewhat across, really, most of the divisions, and that had to do with a couple different things. One was because of the lower volume. There was some additional, I think, maintenance that might have taken place in the fourth quarter as well. But predominantly, it was related to the lower utilization rates.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. As we look at 2016, from a working capital perspective, the premise for us is that we think raw materials, specifically scrap, are going to stay pretty flat throughout the year on an annual basis. And with that, we really do try to manage our inventories to less than four weeks on hand at our steel mills. So we don't expect a big working capital funding requirement on the raw material side of the equation. So then you're really looking at finish goods and accounts receivable. From a finish goods perspective, we also traditionally produce to ship. There's only certain inventories that we keep at our bar mills and our structural mills. And so with that, if there's any significant appreciation in price or value, there'll be some funding requirements, but otherwise, we don't see that changing materially either. And from a receivable standpoint, we're pretty comfortable with our DSOs. There's always room for improvement, but the expectation right now is that working capital in 2016 shouldn't require, on an annual basis, a great deal of additional investment.
Theresa E. Wagler: No. That would be very difficult for us to quantify right at this time. So we'll just pass on that question.
Theresa E. Wagler: So, the volume is – the paint line has the capability of doing 250,000 tons annually. And then, we also have the capability of Galvalume as well, which could start a little bit earlier than the paint line. But the paint line's expected to start in the first quarter of 2017. Traditionally, we sometimes talk in payback periods, and the idea around the paint line is that much like a lot of our other projects, that payback period is around a 24-type month payback period...
Theresa E. Wagler: ...two to three years. So, we're very comfortable there. And if you look at our product portfolio across the company, painted flat roll is really our highest margin or very close to our highest margin product across the entire company landscape. So, it should be meaningful for Columbus.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yeah. So, Phil, from that perspective, you're right, we're much more spot-focused. So what you would consider a truly annual reset on base pricing, aside from obviously we have the alloy and the scrap surcharges and whatnot, we would say that maybe about 25% to 30% of our volume, and that did price down somewhat heading into 2016, but we still have a lot of opportunity on the spot side of the equation and just on volume in total. And that kind of 25% – 20% to 25% is based on 2015 volumes not on capacity, which obviously capacity is a lot higher than that at 950,000 tons.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, first of all, we're in a unique position that the capital markets are a bit messy right now, but we believe that we're one of the few that still have access, which is important and a good thing, so we see that just improving throughout the rest of the year. But I think that we're looking at all ranges of potential growth. and so with that, were we to need to access capital markets, we believe we have the ability to do so. If not, the cash generation you've seen is pretty significant. With over $700 million of cash on the balance sheet, we've got quite a capacity just with that in and of itself. But for meaningful long-term investments, we like to use the capital markets, as appropriate, to invest long term.
Theresa E. Wagler: So I guess what you're saying is that $30 million in total synergies pales in comparison to the opportunity in conversion cost and market share shift.
Chris Graham: I'd say, year-over-year, we have seen a change. We're going into – or we're in the middle of a quarter with a stronger backlog in this quarter than we had at this time last year. As far as our capacity, we did not have to add too much capacity in 2015, which is kind of remarkable given our results. That's more leveraging our existing capacity to a greater extent, occasionally working some overtime. We have a lot of flexibility in that regard. So, with about the same staffing, we were probably at – all of our backlog is about 12 weeks. And our backlog is always about 12 weeks out, it just depends on how large that backlog is, because that's a typical life cycle of a project for us. But we were soft last first quarter. First quarter, I think, was our lowest volume. This year, it's up substantially, Mark, everybody is running full. We've seen no seasonal downtime yet. That's always in the offing in February and March, depending on weather. But right now, things are steady.
Chris Graham: And as we grab that last 300,000 or 400,000 tons of capacity at the current design, we think allows for – that will just be some vanilla hot band that won't be sold. But 250,000 tons will be sold as painted, that would otherwise maybe be sold as a vanilla plain hot band.
Chris Graham: I'm sorry. This is Chris. I just wanted to report on our Columbus acquisition. We owed some answers or some information to the team. Just an update. When we contemplated the Columbus Division, we had about – identified about $30 million in what you might call non-operating cost savings opportunities that might have been power renegotiations, headcounts, things like that. We identified about $15 million in 2015 which we capitalized on. About another $15 million or so in 2016 is on the horizon. Those kind of pale in – we have a unique incentive program for our folks that stresses not only quality production, but also cost of conversion. And the savings in 2015 that we realized in conversion costs are multiples of the numbers we talked about in non-operational. More non-operational opportunities in 2016. We're nowhere near Butler's cost structure in some departments. So another big opportunity for multiples of that number in 2016. So I just wanted to report that the plan's coming through and the Columbus folks are executing well.
Richard P. Teets: I think there'll be pressure on it. I think there's always boundaries, but I think under this current environment, you're right.
Richard P. Teets: And even those contracts, we don't have lots of those. Many of them we work with scrap buybacks and we have many types of arrangements. And so I would tell you we have a host of them. So, we've had to adapt ourselves. You ask how will we be changing in 2016. As we move up the value chain, as you pointed out, dealing with automotive, dealing with off-road heavy equipment and so forth, they have different expectations. We've tried to modify those expectations to fall more in line with our comfort levels. Some have been more willing than others to adapt towards our direction. Some have been surprisingly pleased with the results of some changes in our direction, and some we just can't get there with. But I think overall, there's always two parties that are satisfied, and we don't have long-term fixed contracts at all.
Richard P. Teets: Sure. I'll just make some real quick observations that – from a timing perspective, we have preliminary rulings on the corrosion-resistant on both the antidumping and countervailing, and that the final determinations, we asked them to be aligned as an industry. And those would come out middle of May. The ITC will likely rule on final injury in July. Just why would the industry ask for the alignment of the two to determine final determinations by the DOC? That would be because we think that not all the information was taken into account, we believe that like the findings in Taiwan on Galvalume and so forth weren't necessarily correct, and to give the Department of Commerce more time to review the information that was submitted to fairly evaluate it and possibly revise the information upon review, and so therefore we believe there's a better value coming there. I think the most important thing on both the CVDs and the AD that we could say, to date, is that when you look at the percentages, huge percentages on the Chinese, 255% on the AD and 235% on six firms on the CVDs. 28% to 34% of the total imports of coated products came from China, and the lowest pricing was driven by the Chinese products. And so by taking out really a non-market-driven competitor, I think it's a tremendous advantage to the rest of the market and to all of us in the domestic field. The others, you have India at 12% – and again, the Chinese, that was a million tons of coated products. And if you take a million tons out of that coated products market, that's just – 1 million tons, that's a jump ball for others. Again, not all are going to get captured by the domestic market, but it's available to other suppliers. India, 12%, 400,000 tons, 400,000 – and these are metric tons. So it's even bigger as we talk available to us. Again, 7%, 5%, the most, again just on CVs, you get another 6% to 7% on ADs. Again, they're driven by profit. So you add those together, that's 13%, 14% on top of – that comes out of their profit. And so, they have to be driven by a question, am I here to make a profit or not. And if they're not here just for creating employment in their home state, then they will have to make hard choices, do they really want to participate in this market versus growing somewhere else. I mean I could go through all of these, I don't know we want to take the time. But you got cold-rolled that's going to have a preliminary AD coming in February. You got hot-rolled, the preliminary AD in March. And we've asked for alignment on all of those final determinations again to give the Department of Commerce plenty of time. So those will be coming; cold-rolled in July 15 and hot-rolled in July 29, and the ITC will rule in August and September on those respectively. So, again, you take out the bad apples in each case. Whenever anyone is really looking to make a profit here, I tell you that 6% or 7% on either countervailing or dumping and you add those together, you get 10%, 15%, 20%. That's a real disincentive to be in this market. And these are big tons, so it provides our sales people an opportunity to get out and get moving in the catch room (58:53).
Richard P. Teets: It always has the opportunity if it gets out of alignment. And so I would tell you that I think right now, there's an opportunity for, as we said earlier, some more expansion, but it can't go stupid. So we're – everyone's very conscious of it and I think our sales people are working very hard in trying to find where that fine line is.
Richard P. Teets: I'll take a stab at that and then Mark can clean up where I might have missed, but I'll start from the East and work my way west and south. But Roanoke is not running full because of market. We run short both on – we have excess both melt and excess – we used to have more billet sales as well as merchant sales, but because of the imports, we are lacking a little bit of both. So that's the market. Steel in West Virginia actually runs very full on both of their mills. As Mark alluded, we're actually melt short and so they do get billets from Roanoke, and so they're not lacking anything from an output perspective from the mills, so they're running full. The Techs could use some more business, but as we see a strengthening in the galvanized, and we're product – we're diversifying the product there, so forth, and we have Galfan product that will – had record tons last year, we're going to look for bigger tons this year, that's a matter of market acceptance. And we're also expanding our capabilities. We're looking at maybe making some improvements at MetalTech which has been sometimes the weakest. And so therefore, we're looking at making a little bit of more capacity there. I come here, Butler, as Mark mentioned, we just started pickling on our push-pull pickle line last week. And if we had that running stronger, we would be pulling more hot band tons through there because we have – we're backlogged amazingly in front of the pickle line. And so, we have more capacity running through. And as Mark alluded, then we have some other projects in tow that will put more value-added product through Butler, now that we have the pickling capacity in-house, and so that's – Butler stands to improve. Columbia City has the capacity to do more tons, the No. 1 mill, the heavy-section mill and rail mill runs full. I think right now, railroads are – Class 1 railroads are cutting back somewhat on their capital projects. I think some of that's energy-related, so forth. They're still pulling, I think, their maintenance is fine but I think their capital is a little bit weaker. But we'll see non-residential, I think, continue to improve. So, the No. 1 mill, the heavy-section mill is full. The No. 2 mill, the medium-section mill, struggles to ever – we haven't filled it up ever. We have two to three crews there. The third crew bounces back and forth between rolling the mill and going out to rail welding, now wherever they're most efficiently utilized. So, that's some capacity that's yet to be used. And Mark has also mentioned that we have more melting and capacity there, they do send some blues (1:11:11) to Steel West Virginia based on whatever Steel West Virginia needs are. Dropping down to Pittsboro, as a market, that has been weakened by – even automotive is strong, we all know agriculture, off-road, you name it, forgers, there's a lot of opportunity to improve that. We made a great investment in our smaller section, the 14-inch mill as we call it, has kept that utilization up, making small bars, precision bars, great acceptance in the marketplace. And if market recovers, we're prepared for it. We don't run our melt shop there during the day Monday through Fridays due to higher power costs. We make up for it on off-peak and weekends and so forth. And we really are -- stand ready to pound that if we want to and when the market recovers. And then you have now Columbus, and you've heard enough about that...
Richard P. Teets: That we're growing that market through customers. So, that's the utilization and we're – we stand ready to fill up wherever we can, and very little of it's equipment. Just probably, as I mentioned, we really only have Butler as the one that – and that's not anyone's fault; we just started last week.
Russell B. Rinn: Yeah, Evan, thank you for the question. Again, I think in more specific details, in 2015, we continues to try to mold our business around what markets are available. So, in 2015, during that prolonged downturn in market prices, we did idle or shut down, I think, 19 plants, locations across the platform. We also idled a couple of shredders to try to balance out the flow and the demand that comes through. Again in scrap business, we're flowing material through on a constant basis. And so as Mark talked about, that constant downturn does not give us a chance to pause or catch back up. So we're always trying to catch that falling knife.
Russell B. Rinn: Well, I think – again, I think as Mark and Theresa both stated, Evan, I think we're seeing flat – in pretty range bound -- in a pretty flat environment for the year, again, after a more than 50% price decrease in 2015, we think we've kind of found a bottom point. Again, there will be some volatility, but we don't expect gross ups or gross downs. So, again, our view is that it is a pretty flattish environment for 2016.
Russell B. Rinn: Aldo, I would tell you, you can't keep complete pace with it, that's the problem with a falling market. What you think you're getting ahead today, you get slammed at the next market turn. We kept fair pace with it but it was virtually impossible last year to try to get out in front of it and try to make a headway on it. So I think us and the entire industry, I'm sure you've seen the entire industry is struggling, as Mark talked about earlier.
Russell B. Rinn: Well, I think we've got an opportunity. We've got an opportunity – as Mark said earlier, in a volatile market, one that moves up and down, provides best opportunity for the guys in the scrap business. But after last year, I'll take a flat market all day long.
Russell B. Rinn: No, I'll – I would say our teams are very busy in trying to secure business where those opportunities arise. Again, I think just like Mark alluded to or talked to about earlier the strong financial condition of our company, certainly, that bears in mind when you've got people who are generating scrap that want to get paid. And so we certainly use that leverage to try to help get the right kind of business for us for the long term. And our teams have done a great job. They've been very active in trying to do what's right for us in the long term.
Philip N. Gibbs: I had a question on just the SBQ business, and I know there are some out there that price that business on an annual basis with annual, call it, contract prices. Any sense to – any sense you could provide us as to how much of that business may be more on an annual contract reset? Because I know you typically are commercially a bit more nimble than maybe some others.
Philip N. Gibbs: Okay. I appreciate that. And then second, just real quickly for Dick. The downstream products like cold-rolled and galv have made their way incrementally higher relative to hot-rolled, I know, Mark, you had talked a little bit about that earlier in the call, but is there more – does that invite more import on that side if that gets too far out of whack relative to hot-rolled? Thanks.
Philip N. Gibbs: Yeah. I just had a question on capital allocation, Theresa, approaching $800 million in cash right now. Your debt maturities are pretty well laddered, CapEx under control. Any thoughts on what the hierarchy of capital allocation is at this point, and how we should be thinking about deployment? Thanks.
Philip N. Gibbs: That's truly helpful. I appreciate it. And the last one, and I'll take off. If you had to guess right now, Mark, would you expect your steel utilizations to be better in the first quarter than the fourth quarter? Thanks.
