Mark Millett: Thank you, David, and good morning, everybody. Happy 2022. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. We all appreciate your time and thank you for joining us today. The entire Steel Dynamics team delivered an exceptional performance in 2021 with record sales, earnings, and cash flow generation. The team totally shared the previous full year records. It was a tremendous achievement certainly supported by a strong market, but driven by the commitment and passion of our teams executing on our long-term strategies that continue to grow on through cycle and the capability. Thank you, team, for your dedication to excellence in every pursuit. I'm proud to work alongside you. Due to the steadfast commitment, our people helped to one another and their families to our communities and to our customers, we are operating safely amidst the extended pandemic. The health and welfare of our teams remain paramount. Record financial results are no important while teams did not remain safe. Although our safety performance continues to be better than industry averages, our safety performance deteriorated year-over-year. This is an unacceptable trend that we're working diligently to resolve as our intent will always to have zero incidents. Since our founding over 25 years ago, we've been intentional in managing our resources sustainably for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. We are steel industry leader in sustainability, operating exclusively with electric arc furnace technology with a differentiated circular manufacturing business model. As our journey continues, we are committed to the reduction of our climate footprint, including a practical and achievable goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. We're starting from a position of strength, yet plan to do more. We're competitively positioned and focused towards generating long-term sustainable growth. But before I continue with additional market commentary, I'd like Theresa to share insights into our recent performance.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Emily for your question. I think, the -- we will continue to, I think, demonstrate our sort of organic growth opportunities. In all honestly, rebar is not a focus of ours. It certainly has given us diversification in our structure and rail division and Roanoke Bar division, and we'll flex that as markets go up and down. But that rebar is not a target, so to speak, of any major growth. We will continue to grow in the value-added business. Obviously, I think, we've demonstrated that the strategic path has been very intentional and very, very profitable for us. And more importantly, it allows us that diversity of product mix to sustain higher utilization levels through the cycle. So I think that there's still opportunity to further value-add processing on the flat rolled side of things. Additionally, though, it's an intriguing marketplace out there, and we're seeing a pipeline that is full of transactional opportunities today as well.
Mark Millett: Well, I think we certainly saw the seasonality. And as I said earlier, there is one headline that MSCI shows that 17% compared to August and December. Well, if you look at it each year in history, it always does that. And it's just -- the seasonal adjustment is going to sort of disappear in the fourth quarter -- I mean first quarter of the year. The shipping volumes we would anticipate will increase accordingly.
Mark Millett: Again, we're not seeing -- people, I think, are relating a little bit of pricing softness here with demand. And as I said earlier, demand through our lens is incredibly strong and will remain so throughout the year.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- we can't speak to the overall impact of inflation on the domestic economy. But relative to SDI, I think we're not impacted dramatically. Obviously, scrap will ramp to the marketplace. But from a cost of sort of conversion, we're relatively under control. We have been impacted a little by our cost and we've been impacted by the zinc cost over the last 12, 18 months moving up, but most of which is passed through -- the hourly cost, which sell is higher at our engineered bar division than any other mill, again, that tends to be passed to the customers. So we're not seeing a massive inflationary impact to our cost structure.
Mark Millett: And then one additional comment. I think we may have made this same comment in the last call. But as you reflect on our results, it's amazing to hire the teams throughout our organization just continue to break productivity records. And as such, over the years, we've found our conversion costs are actually incredibly stable or consistent given that the additional volume reduces our fixed cost, our overhead costs, which sort of absorbs any additional sort of inflationary pricing on alloys and those sorts of things. So through -- it's amazing, we just did the study, to be honest, with our Board last November. It's absolutely amazing, how our conversion costs remain very, very, very stable through the cycle.
Mark Millett: Well, obviously, we are anticipating the final piece of the jigsaw to be put in place here in the next few days, if not the next week or so, so that the actual specific ramp over the next three months is difficult to predict. But we feel we should demonstrate our performance no less than others signing up the mills here in the last five, 10 years. So we would anticipate at least two million tons of shipments this year, reaching capacity -- essential capacity in the late third quarter or fourth -- probably fourth quarter.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- it will come on in concert with our mill, in all honesty. We have one facility that's actually operating currently. There is one very large facility that will be operational in the next couple of months, but it's -- I'm not saying it was totally intentional. But by -- look, if nothing else, those facilities are going to ramp up nicely in concert with the steel mill. On the value-add side, we -- I think we've suggested in the past, the paint line, coating line is doing extremely well. The Galvalume capability comes online here, I think, in a couple of weeks. The finishing facilities performed extremely well. The hot strip mill is essentially commissioned. We bought slabs from third parties, and we also transferred intermediate slabs from our own facilities, took them that sort of preheated them in the tunnel furnace and have driven them through the mill quite successfully. So a lot of the parts are in great, great shape, but just waiting on the cash flow.
Mark Millett: I think when I say inventories have normalized, I'm just going by history. I mean, it's quite simple, if you look at the last five or six years for sure, but you go back in time longer than that, levels are appropriate. And have they grown? Absolutely. So, they grew from an absolute historic low. And as I indicated, our belief is that they are appropriate for the sort of demand cycle that we're going through. The -- so a little bit of a lull, I do believe. And you've got to live through a few of these cycles in the past, and our team is fortunate to have that experience. But you hit COVID, the whole industry grown to a halt. Things started up much more rapidly. And there's chaos there, absolutely, in the industry, including ourselves, to some degree to catch up. And then when you catch up, what happens? Well, our industry is not perfect. And in general, it overshoots a little bit. And in November, December, you saw things catching up. And all of a sudden, people are getting their supply simultaneously from two to three mills. So, you get that little overshoot, which I think was seen in November to December. Those in the automotive space probably saw it more than most. And so you had that softness particularly in hot band. That will resolve itself. As I said earlier, we don't see any change in the underlying consumption of that steel. Currently, -- and nor do we see that happening over the months and quarters ahead. You just have a little kind of a spike of supply that came through given the seasonality. But again, we're incredibly optimistic for 2022.
Mark Millett: Well, I think we're certainly seeing market share in certain markets. We've certainly gained a dramatic traction in the automotive sphere, for instance. Unfortunately, that traction was with the automotive producers that weren't as impacted by the chip shortage is maybe the US domestic producers. So, yes, we are gaining sort of incremental market share there. Again, we have phenomenally sort of supportive loyal customers that in -- whether times like this, will support us and then bring their orders to us. Our overall business model, though, again, with a diverse product portfolio that we have, that we have differentiated supply chain solutions in our coated and prepaint business is just different, and it provides phenomenal value for the customer. And those businesses remain strong. And we think that the coated value-add market in general is going to remain very, very, very solid going forward. All you have is a little bit of seasonality, sort of, catch-up moment in hot band, which pressured spot price. If you can envision and I envision that the import volumes that picked up in the last three or four months because of a massive arbitrage growth, if you envision that, that can moderate, which I think is the arbitrage is shrinking. And as we listen to traders out there, having difficulty sustaining business for late second quarter of this year, if the imports do fall off a little, you're going to get demand pressure again. And it wouldn’t be unexpected on our part if you saw a little rebound in pricing.
Mark Millett: I think for Engineered Bar is relatively steady. I think we'll gain some volume as automotive picks up is again 15%, 20% for auto with Engineered Bar, I do believe. So they're going to gain on the automotive side. They are going to lose a bit of volume, not much. As hot band has come off, folks are switching from seamless pipe over to ERW pipe. And so there was a little bit of volume there. For us, though, generally, that's going to benefit. We're already seeing the benefit then in Columbus, to be honest, as we're picking up energy orders there in one large mill – pipe mill is starting back up.
Mark Millett: It's -- from our understanding, it's more just a cost issue, taking a slug -- Engineered Bar slug and piecing it and producing seamless pipe is more expensive today now that hot band has come off. And so people are switching to the ERW.
Mark Millett: Great question. And yes, the conversion -- as I indicated earlier, the conversion costs under control is actually through our lines specifically. But as our conversion businesses -- and today, one has to remember, we're purchasing – 1.7 million, 1.8 million tons of substring from others to support our -- the tax in Pittsburgh. We buy some third parties for our New Millennium fabrication business. You've got U.S. steel supply. You have Heartland facility. So yes, the added substrate or the substrate costs moving through does impact the perceived conversion.
Mark Millett: Well, several questions there, I guess, well several answers to give. From the Midwest – you mentioned Midwest, the West Coast, very little material moves from Midwest or East through the Rockies to the West Coast. It's quite an exorbitant freight rate. That's why one of the many advantages of Sinton is actually the freight rate, believe it or not, all the way to the West Coast to compete with the inflow market there. I think the freight rate there is $55 a ton or thereabouts. That the cheapest freight rate of any mill to the West Coast to sort of calibrate freights, Northern freight folks in Northern Indiana are shipping down to Mexico. And that's in the order of, I do believe, $95 to $110 a ton or as -- from Sinton into Mexico into Monterrey is going to be likely $37-ish a ton. So, the Sinton facility itself is a phenomenal sort of geographic advantage there to move that material into Mexico. And you're right, 30% or so, a million tons or thereabouts should flow into Mexico from the Sinton facility.
Mark Millett: Well, John, your independent research is on target as always. So thank you, and thank you for the kind words on the team's performance because they did a phenomenal job last year. I would suggest that Sinton is jewel. The reception we've had there thus far for those six -- to come and be building even before the plant is running, I think, is testament to the vacuum of -- or the impact of the vacuum of steel primary steel production down then. So Sinton is a much needed asset for our industry, and it's definitely differentiated. The addition of a second caster likely is unlikely, but we have designed that facility to add somewhere between one million to 1.5 million tons of additional capacity. So expansion of that facility -- the capability is definitely there. I think we will also…
Mark Millett: The caster. The hot strip mill, like our other mills has the ability, given the -- width gauge combination that we can produce there, has 4.5 million tons of capacity.
Mark Millett: Well, it depends on what time period you're calibrating to, Timna, I guess. That industry since last peak has changed and consolidated to large degree. And at the same time, currently, the actual market demand is at a historical high.
Mark Millett: Thanks Kate. Just quite simply, for those on the line for us, thank you for that support, for sure. Any customers, again, my heartfelt thanks to you. You make us who we are, in all honesty. And to our team, guys and girls, you absolutely shattered any previous performance by a long margin. And yes, the market helped, but what you do each and every day makes us different and proud to be part of you. But lastly, though, phenomenal performance from a volume and from a profitability standpoint. But we need to buckle down -- double back down on our safety and get that trend going back in that with the trajectory as we have in the past. But again, thank you, each and every one of you. Make it a great day. Bye, bye.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Michael. So I think on the last quarter call, we mentioned that we have firm expectations that the fabrication business is going to earn more earnings in the first half of 2022 than in the second half of 2021. We believe we’ll invest firmly in that. So as I mentioned in my remarks, there is an expectation that we see another improvement in the first quarter and in the second quarter as well based on the backlog. So there's more visibility in fabrication, because the backlog is still lengthy, but also because of the pricing that we're seeing that we're able to achieve, as demand remains incredibly strong. So as far as specifics, it's hard to give specifics. I will just tell you that first quarter will definitely be, I think, meaningfully higher than what we saw in the fourth quarter and, again, another step function increase in the second quarter as well.
Theresa Wagler: The only thing I would add just to that, Timna, that we actually experienced at the end of the fourth quarter some logistics issues as well like I'm sure people are experiencing outside the steel industry as well as trucking and rail, and things have been disrupted. So there were shipments that we expected to actually deliver in December that we're not able to be delivered. So it's more of a timing issue. So that's going to benefit the first quarter as well.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Seth, thanks for the question. So yes, working capital, we did see significant growth during 2021, most of which is associated with the value growth in our steel products and in the increased volume and product pricing growth in our fabrications business. Sinton, at the end of the year, had about $150 million of working capital and we would expect to see that grow by probably end of the year $50 million during 2022. So in the first half of the year, there's still some structural growth attached to that. But otherwise, as we see product pricing fees and we see the strength in volume, so we would expect to see valuations come down, which should have a pretty significant working capital release during the entirety of the year. You might not see as much of it in the first half, but definitely in the second half of the year.
Theresa Wagler: I would add -- and Andreas, I know you know this. As it relates to wages where a lot of people are seeing a really significant increase because we have so much of our compensation across the entire team that's performance-based, and it naturally fluctuates. So, we're not seeing the same pressure from a wage perspective because there's so much of the performance bonus compensation that's structurally in place. So I think Mark said, it perfectly that we're not seeing a lot of pressure with items that are passed through to the customer.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. The contract business, David, in the fourth quarter was at 80% to 85%, and it's likely to stay in that range at least through the first half of the year, as we're servicing our contract customers. And then, as Sinton comes online more strongly in the second half of the year, that's naturally going to decline to a certain degree, just because of the shift in mix. But we're expecting that to be maintained. As it relates to the lag, it's really about, on average, a two-month lag on the flat roll pricing, and it's generally tied to the CRU index.
Theresa Wagler: Well, it is simply that we went through the extensive study that we do every year, and that generally takes place in the November time frame. So we proved additional projects and those projects, as kind of attested to by our return on invested capital metrics, are really efficiency and growth-oriented, but they're just smaller in nature. So there's nothing individually to call out for the reasons we increase. They're just some really nice projects came to light.
Theresa Wagler: I apologize. I'm smiling because I did miss that. The hot mill and P&O shipments for the fourth quarter were 693,000 tons. Cold rolled was 136,000 tons. And finally, the coated products were 994,000 tons.
Theresa Wagler: So Timna, the visibility that we have isn't predicated upon falling steel prices. Its predicated upon the forward pricing that we know we have in the order book for steel joist index. The team has done a really good job of managing the steel raw material inputs. So that's why we have more certainty. I would not say this is a new normal, no. This is an extraordinary time for them. But to Mark's point, we're gaining market share as well as the team has been doing some really interesting things on the operational side. We've added ship. Unique thing about our fabrication business is we can really achieve whatever volume demand will allow us to have just by adding people rather than adding assets, which is a very powerful tool. As we add volume, it really drops the bottom-line. And so that's why, again, we feel really confident about 2022 for the fabrication, but it shouldn't be our expectation that this is something that is the new normal.
Theresa Wagler: So, I think we mentioned it on the last quarter conference call as well as there is definitely the emphasis from the Board and from the senior leadership team to increase the dividend when we have through-cycle cash earnings that are increasing. And so that definitely is Sinton. We generally have our increases in the first quarter. I can't tell you what that will look like. I would expect to see it sometime in the first half of the year. But again, that's a Board decision to make. They're very supportive of this substantial increase. We have a target of a net income payout ratio of at least 35%. So, that's something that we'll take into consideration as we look at the through-cycle earnings for Sinton and what that dividend increase will look like. But in the meantime, we're using the share buyback program as a complement. That's something that we believe is very powerful for shareholder insurance as well.
