Mark Millett: Thanks, Tricia. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. We appreciate you sharing your time with us today, and we all wish every one of you health and happiness in this New Year in 2017. I would like to start the call by recognizing and thanking the entire Steel Dynamics’ team for their dedication and strong performance this past year. They did a terrific job further reducing our safety incident rates, turning in best-in-class financial metrics, producing at record rates, and they continue to expand our production capabilities and product offerings. There’s a tangible momentum that continues to build within our Company and within our industry, supported by underlying market fundamentals for 2017 and likely beyond. Coupled with our existing unique earnings catalysts, lean capacity and intended growth objectives, we’re definitely optimistic heading into the year. But to begin this morning, I ask Theresa to comment on our financial results.
Mark Millett: Just to kind of color that as to SDI specifically, a stable market sort of pricing environment should really aid the recycling profitability of OmniSource. The last two years, 2015 and 2016, you saw kind of prolonged downward trend in pricing. And when you’re working in kind of an inventory based by it one month sell it the next, it is tough to make the spread. So it’s just a stable, stable environment going through the year, I think is going to be positive for us. And I think Russ and the team have done a terrific job. You just look at the fourth quarter, volumes were down, margins were down, but our profitability was flat. And that was driven by a lot of cost containment, much of which was – came from the realignment of assets and we anticipate continued cost efficiencies there of probably $10 million or so. With the idling of the Wilmington shredder, Smithfield shredders, and with the sales of the Carolina and Georgia assets.
Mark Millett: Well as you know, David, we would refrain from quantifying the margin expansion and again where the first quarter still unraveling. But we would anticipate expanded margin, and we would anticipate from what we see in the marketplace, volume expansion as well. And just to maybe preempt a question on the markets. And if I bifurcate that into flat roll and long products, in sheet, we believe the supply-side tightness will be sustained. When you look at the December eminent CI data, it showed the typical seasonal decline in shipments but inventories remain at historically low levels. But we believe the import volumes will remain constrained with the duties in place. The arbitrage against global price and it’s certainly reversed and there is less import interest out there. Mill lead times for the industry and certainly for ourselves are healthy. Hot roll coil for us is at four to six week tag, and coated and coiled roll sheet is six plus weeks out. And the industry utilization, albeit at 71%, 72%, obviously flat roll is as much higher as an industry in general. So we believe the supply side is healthy and positive. On the demand side, demand remains pretty healthy and I think we should see growth. And again, I am just specifically talking about sheet. If NAFTA order will remain strong and SDI is certainly increasing its market share through the Columbus mill and Mexico activities. Non-residential continues incremental growth, I believe. The ABI has been positive, and it’s been gone for the last three months I think. And Chris’ group, New Millennium Building Systems’ order activity, inquiry and bookings remains very, very strong there, which is good. As Theresa indicated, we have about 1.5 million, 2 million tons of latent capacity that is correlated strongly with non-residential construction. So as that incremental growth continues, we will benefit and certainly we’ll get a major boost from what I believe is an inevitable infrastructure spend. On then once out there, I think people are going to be very, very surprised with the strength in the energy recovery. We talked last quarter about we started to see glimpses, but has strengthened dramatically. Our rig count is growing, energy pricing is going to be sustained we believe at that $50 or more, and we think on the flat roll sort of scalp side there is a lot less inventory or pipe or usable pipe than is anticipated. We are seeing significant pickup in order activity at Converse just the past four weeks. Their pipeline projects have taken off, and I think it is going to grow and surprise us all. So in general, we anticipate a positive flat roll market, sheet pricing we think will continue or should appreciate through the year, and the first-quarter volumes should pick up a little and margins expand. In long products, again as I said earlier, unlike sheet the overcapacity does persist, but we’re starting to see a market change in customer sentiment, and market dynamics turning very, very positive, I believe. Beams remain under pressure from overcapacity, but consumption should grow as non-residential continues to grow. Specific to SDI, I think the team has done a great job expanding the product portfolio and we will continue to do that with angles in 2017. That seeing fabricator – or the fabricators are reporting strong order inquiry and are building backlog. And again, there should be an infrastructure spend there. So I think structural arena has got some positive momentum. Class one rail, although CapEx for the class one’s has softened some, again, the team has been expanding the product range, getting into the high carbon grades and different sections and we think that the volumes will remain strong and flat through the year. And similarly, merchant shapes seems to be showing some signs of recovery with the fabricators having stronger backlogs and service centers restocking. But most significantly, and I think we’re excited, is a very strong rebound in engineered bar and SBQ. It has taken place probably in the last four to five weeks. But the team is probably more optimistic now than it has been in 2 or 3 years, and the customers are definitely in a markedly significant difference frame of mind. And they are starting to pull out there orders or pullout from their forecasts, and it is most noticeably in the oil patch. We’ve seen the tubers and the forages are significantly stronger than we have seen for a very long time. And I think we are even seeing a rebound in Caterpillar off-road. So we’re excited about that. So long products in general, we believe is – it’s going to see some good growth through the year.
Mark Millett: No, we are continuing to look at Mexico as a strong marketplace for us. There are a lot of existing assets in place there. You just have to travel through the industrial centers there. Consumption is massive, and we’re not looking for a large portion of that. We shipped 200,000 tons into Mexico last year, and the intent is to increase that to around about 400,000 tons. And I think we are confident that it’s going to happen. Again, I think with the new administration, you have got some very, very positive things that they reportedly want to do, tax reform, trade, some sensible regulation. The balance is going to be not to shut down trade with Mexico or Canada or – I guess we need flow going both ways across the borders. But we are going forward, but we are not planned.
Mark Millett: I think that it’s probably the second half of the year that we’ll ramp into that. We are going to see volume growth through – in the first half compared to the fourth quarter for sure. But from an infrastructure build, that will ramp up obviously. And you have two sectors there, you have the fast track where there’s numerous projects already kind of lined up and they will likely, and we’re starting to see them more I think, but they will likely come on in the second quarter. And then any infrastructure buildout from the new administration, that’s probably a second half and going into…
Mark Millett: Again, everything is speculative I think right now, Tony. I think they’ve come out with guns blazing and following up on the some of their promises. And I think tax reform, as I said, tax reform and sensible regulation will certainly help the country have a more positive business climate and boost the economy. And their position on trade, I think – we are already benefiting dramatically from the cases that were approved last year. They can only sort of vulcanize that environment. I think the sensitivities or the balance is trade and not getting into a trade war, and hopefully we have some sensible people advising that new administration and we won’t get that point.
Mark Millett: We’re not looking at that I would suggest currently. They obviously are steel short. They import pretty much all oil products, but that is not something that we are considering right this second.
Mark Millett: Again, our focus at Pittsboro is principally in engineered bar not in commercial commodity type SBQ. The import pressure comes in just 1-inch RAND 1045, 1018 commodity type materials. The team has done a phenomenal job down there building relationships with the Caterpillars and their automotive, the forches whereby it can take 2 or 3 years to get qualified for a certain application. Those cannot be substituted one month in one month out by imports. So I do not believe SBQ is dramatically impacted from – or at least our SBQ business, dramatically impacted from import pressure.
Mark Millett: I think you actually likely answered your own question, Michael. I believe there will be vigorous enforcement of the anti-circumvention laws. If you consider the whack-a-mole we saw last year with Vietnam, I think Vietnam ended with 800,000 tons of the coated product coming in which is huge, huge volume. That, and as you know there is a case or intervention pending there and I think that will end positively. Certainly the rhetoric and the trade position that we’re seeing out of Washington right this second gives you a high likelihood or high probability that that will be successful. And that is very meaningful, certainly meaningful for us with the Galvalume product that has been coming in and the building product commodity prepayments coming in. Just the non-market subsidization, and I think a strong point will be just taking action on the currency manipulation by China.
Mark Millett: Well if you look in that timeframe, and I do not know whether you are implying or inferring like a section 201 type activity, again, it would just be speculative for us to talk about at this moment.
Mark Millett: Thank you. Mike, just I guess one thought. Relative to the trade cases that we already have in place, because I think it’s illustrative to look at the downturn in Q4 of 2015 and the recent one in 2016. Both are relatively procurement driven. But you had in 2015, hot roll coil plummeted like $3.20 and that down cycle lasted for the fourth quarter into January. This most recent one, hot roll did come off, only down to about $4.20 and obviously it was almost an eight week dip. And I think that that foreshortening of that cycle and the lessening of the debt is a result of those trade cases in place. And it gives us confidence anyway that for some time to come we’re going to see a different pricing environment for our products, a much stronger pricing environment for our products.
Mark Millett: And, Phil, if I may, and it maybe self evident and most of recognize it. But just for perhaps the newcomers on the call, when we talk about contract pricing at 40%, that’s volume driven and pricing is actually against index. So there is no fixed price contracts out there, just for clarity.
Mark Millett: I think we – I think it is better answered by – just saying we are obviously focused on growth, it remains our first priority from a cash allocation perspective. And we look at an array of opportunities.
Mark Millett: I think we – as we have said in the past, two principal areas of focus. One is, as I mentioned, pull-through volume, downstream opportunities that will allow us to support our own mills in times sort of down cycle. That is one specific focus. The second is obviously we’re still makers first and foremost in downstream, so a higher-margin value-add type products is another focus for us.
Mark Millett: I think on behalf of the team here, Russ, Barry, Chris, Glenn, and Tricia, and Theresa, we would like to thank you for your time today and for your support. And as importantly to our customers, we will continue to try and provide the greater value to you as the years go on. And to our employees, again, a reminder, safety is absolutely paramount for us. Nothing is more important to us, and so be safe out there and thanks for all you do. So thank you, everyone
Theresa Wagler: Phil, I’m so sorry – yes I have that for you. So for hot band and P&O it was 781,000 tons, cold roll was 112,000 tons, and coated was 673,000 tons for the total of 1.6 billion.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so we’re still have right around that 40% to 45% that is contractual, Phil, and that is what I would put a lag on. The rest of it truly is spot business.
Theresa Wagler: Well when we actually purchased Columbus in 2014, over 60% of their shipments were what we would call more just straight hot band. And today, they are actually operating at almost full capacity on their galvanizing lines. And we just added a paint line which will add 250,000 tons of really our highest margin product throughout our flat roll operation, and that actually started. And so we expect to ramp that up throughout 2017 with new and existing customers. I would say today, if you look at that same percentage of just straight hot band, it is more in the area of 45% and we hope to get that even down lower. I think we could get it as low as 40% at some point in time.
Theresa Wagler: So from an energy perspective, when we bought Columbus, they had a real strong concentration. It was probably at least 20% that was tied directly into that energy sector, and there’s nothing that they need to do to ramp up capacity it is just different products that they produce on existing equipment. So it is really about the customer base itself, and they have maintained great relationships with those energy customers. And so, Barry, you can jump in if you would like. But I don’t think it’s a matter of ramping it up, it is a matter of keeping a diversified customer base that they stay at high utilization rates.
Theresa Wagler: And the other division that we have leverage related to energy really is in the engineered bar division, and that is what Mark spoke about earlier about the optimism that we see there. And the other thing I just don’t want to leave the call without talking about Columbus as far as a lever, it’s not just the diversification in customer base and product, which has been phenomenal. It is hard to describe the change from even 2015 to 2016 with Columbus, But they still have additional what I would say earnings capability, both regarded to the paint line and other products that they are developing there including in the automotive arena. But additionally, there’s still some cost benefits that I think can be realized as well in 2017 and 2018. So Columbus is not a fully told story in my mind.
Theresa Wagler: Matt, I think if you look at the capital structure today and you look at our net leverage and our credit metrics and the cash flow generation, we absolutely can do things that are sizable. But we can also do maybe several meaningful medium-sized transactions as well. So it’s really – we have got – we’re in a great spot to have optionality.
