Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. We appreciate and value your time with us this morning. At this point, Tricia normally provided performance insights, but I'd like to instead pause for a moment to acknowledge the recent workplace fatality that occurred in our structural and rail division. We are saddened and our thoughts and prayers reside within the family and friends. Although, we have some of the best safety specifics in our industry, it brings little comfort at times like this. The reason I always begin our calls on safety is because it's simply cannot be stressed enough. This is our number one value and our first priority. Nothing is more important than staying in a safe environment. We must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and the team members around us. We must actively think about safe at all times, keeping it an ongoing conversation and top of mind. That being said, Theresa, will you provide us some insights with our recent performance.
Mark Millett: So obviously demand I think has been a big question relatively for all. I think one have to reflect back a little bit and understand why the fourth quarter was a little soft. It was a tough quarter from an economic standpoint; you had a 35 day government shutdown, you had an inclement weather, you've customers' sentiment -- people sentiment generally was a little a down. You have lingering recessionary concerns overhanging the fourth quarter. You have trade war, rhetoric and softening raw material price expectations. So I don't think it was surprising at all honestly, but you saw all the softness there. That softness inflected in February and our order input rates picked up dramatically, pricing picked back up. And today our lead times are very, very healthy for hot rolled coil that through the end of May, which is exactly where we'd like to see them. And we're actually a little long to be honest in coated and pre-paint we're anywhere higher than six to eight. So we see at least from our order books a very positive environment. I think order backlog remain strong. I think energy has been very good to us. And I think to the industry in general. And as we meet with our energy, pipe and tube customers, they seem to be very bullish going forward. The gas oil transportation infrastructure needs to continue to be built at, particularly with the very large LNG projects that are happening along the coast in the Southwest. So we see energy being very, very, very strong for next several years. Manufacturing base is healthy and we see construction remaining healthy. As I said earlier, [indiscernible] into non-risk construction through New Millennium Building Systems is very positive, and our order backlogs are higher this time this year than they were last time. So I think generally, a very positive environment for the rest of the year.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess we permit a little bit of skittishness in the SBQ market. I think suppliers are getting some pushback on current pricing. Most mills are on pull at this point. People are looking for volume discounts, but we think some of it’s in inventory corrections. Most are still optimistic regarding the second half of '19. I'd say that’s what's driving that. I've spent a couple days at the North American Steel Alliance, which is a gathering of a lot of the -- the family along the smaller processing steel distributors. And I'd say to a customer and they were all very focused only on the market outlook. They are a little cautious with inventories and so they are not speculating in any way shape or form, but it's a positive environment.
Mark Millett: Well, we have no intention of staggering it. And I think the market will be very, very receptive and at least from all countries to-date, they're incredibly receptive. I think one has to recognize that in Southwest region, right now, there's a vacuum of domestic supply. This mill is going to have some minimum of $30 plus trade advantage over any domestic mill, plus its right in the heart of the import to reduce them. So we have trade advantage there and probably even more importantly, a lead time advantage. When folks are bringing imports and they have got a two, three, four month lead time and price speculation, I think we're going to gain massive volume or market share of that import downstream. And it's going to allow the pipe producers, steel producers in that region in Louisiana, as well as Texas compared to the scope that they haven't been able to procure at this point. And that will allow a massive amount of pipe and tube imports as well. So I think you've got to consider -- again, this should avoid the supply today, and I think this mill is going to supply, it's going supply the four-state region. As I said earlier, it's 7 million, 8 million, 9 million tons onto itself. It's a very competitive freight rates to the West Coast about 3 million to 4 million ton market, and they are suffering on the supply side dramatically today. Plus, we're within $30 million freight of the Northern Mexican markets run rate, in particular and that's a growing region. It's 15 million tons, 16 million tons today and that's predicted to be 20 million plus over the next three to four years. So I have no doubt of the ability of that mill to penetrate the market and pick up market share very, very quickly.
Mark Millett: And also if you look at or if you reflect on any market that we've entered in the past, most of those markets actually have been over-served in any event. And our strategy has always been to differentiate ourselves, to create value from the supply chain, which obviously creates value to the end user and to the customer. And this mill is very, very different from many other electric-arc-furnace facilities to today. You can understand as electric-arc-furnace mini mill with hot rolled mill. So the two-state rolling, which will allow us to do thermal mechanical rolling, adds strength, capability, adds toughness. So our mill offerings 84 wide up to 1 inch, 100 ksi material is very, very differentiated and can only be really accessed by the integrated mills today and there at least probably have $50 to $60.
Mark Millett: And to answer that again, it’s the best way I model. I was in the conference room, watching the folks leading what we call the war room that in our basement. And there’re probably a dozen individuals just walking out at the end of the day. And it's just amazing the amount of knowledge and talent and experience we have within our organizations and designing, procuring and building constructing, signing up large capital assets. And so at the middle of the day the team is going to perform annual review as well. The equipment itself has been spec out and Glenn and team, I think expects to have that all placed in the next two weeks.
Mark Millett: Well, I think as Russ said, we look for the stable scrap pricing, going forward, the rest of the year and maybe soften a little bit this coming month. But again, 10, 20 is not massive move so stability on the [indiscernible] side. On the pricing side, yes, if the inflected went up and it's eased a little. But if you look at the arbitrage to foreign pricing today, it's pretty well evaporated, imports are still under control on an annual basis it'll be under control and probably will continue to erode through the year. So, I think the market pricing presenting is going to be relatively stable. So spreads will remain healthy.
Mark Millett: Well, I think we would say absolutely totally speculative but I don’t think. And our intelligence would suggest that the progress is being made in China and the progress is certainly being made in the USMCA. That would likely change to a quota based agreement. Those quotas based on certain level of historic import levels with the tariff for any exceeding through the overlap, and I think that will be a positive outcome for all three countries. On the trade move that we actually are seeing some pretty positive outcome, it's three of one I guess prefabricated imports. That action is underway, hasn't been concluded yet but we're already seeing some of the larger projects that will bid out and destine to the Chinese steel, prefabricated Chinese steel coming into country. Those are now being rebid and I think that's a very, very positive sign for our non-products metals market in general.
Mark Millett: Well, first and foremost, we're certainly not a builder of dreams. As I said many times before, we don't manage the hope. We do things that control our own destiny. I think the teams -- obviously, in Butler, they've been supplying roughly 30% of their output to the automotive growth for years -- years and years. And the Columbus team has built a phenomenal following already, particularly with the higher strengths of advanced peoples, and are attaining incredible acceptance, particularly with the European automotive producers, BMW, VW, for instance. And this the new mill just adds to that. As we said, the two-stage rolling, the thicker cast slab will allow us to get the best steels for automotive and much stronger steel. And will allow us to get the tougher, thicker steels for the energy markets, API grade. So I think the opportunity for the market is definitely in front of us. We just have to get the thing up and running by 2021.
Mark Millett: Well, there remains a slight hesitancy. As I said, the customer base is fairly optimistic for business conditions and demand for the rest of the year. That being said, they're cautious on inventory. So they're buying steady as she goes and again with the addition of little bit more capacity, maybe stressed supply-demand a little bit. But from all we can see, Timna, the market through our own order book and that remain strong. As I said, we're right through the end of May with all that and we're too long in my own opinion on the [indiscernible] and prepaying.
Mark Millett: Well, certainly on the coated side, galvanize side and pre-paint side things are very, very healthy. We actually have not necessarily been a major player in coated sheet. Although, that's a marketplace we'll be venturing through the Heartland acquisition. But I think on the coated pre-paint spreads those will be maintained.
Mark Millett: I don't believe so. I think the final USMCA agreement will be based on past levels of trades. As such, there’ll be some stability there more than anything else.
Mark Millett: Phil, I don't look at U.S. Steel Supply as being the European model of steel mills entering the steel distribution processing space. I think this is very unique to our supply chain for prefect. You might see us continue to expand in that very unique specific area, but it's not my intent to become a steel processor or distributor in any way shape or form.
Mark Millett: I guess you've asked a very fair question. No, I don't think it's a dumb. I may give the answer. I think I can't see for any future mills installed by any other future entrants. But as of the projects today, ours will be a very, very I think differentiated project in the honesty. Again, the cap section with combination is going to be unique. No one is going to able to make 84 wide, 1-inch 100 ksi product, that not when we able to make a 13 to 50 -- 50 ton coil…
Mark Millett: So, the yield improvement of the large coil, John, to a pipe and tube is probably in the order of 5% to 6%. So again my comment earlier is anytime we've entered the market no matter what it is, whether its rail, whether it's pre-paint or whether it's rebar. We look for differentiating angles from a technology and supply chain value-add, and I think this provides it. In addition to that, the color considered the geographic location. Gallatin is in Kentucky. These other facilities still remain a long distance away from the market. They can't get to the West Coast for 55 bucks. They can't get to the market or the regional market that we're going to be able to supply anywhere close to the freight cost that we'll be able to avail ourselves. So again, I think this project is very, very FDI specific, it's unique. And people said we based this decision on trade, and absolutely not. This is a market based expansion for us and I think the investment profile is going to be an absolute going forward.
Mark Millett: This is a very good point. You just embraced SMS being the mill of provider of choice for everyone, that's not necessarily the case.
Mark Millett: Glenn and the team are evaluating two -- well, depending on the equipment but the hot-stripped mill cast are -- hot side two basic vendors.
Mark Millett: Well, I am not worried at all. I think our business model, again, is differentiated in good times, bad times, quarter-to-quarter. It's demonstrated the ability to generate cash, a superior rate than our peers. I agree and I'm -- I don't what the relative ages are. I turned 60, so I've been in the industry for the 35 or whatever too many years. And I remember people would be focused on net earnings, not necessarily so much EBITDA. We still look at that, things, projects and have to make money, not just cash per se. And all I can tell you, John is reflect on our past performance. I think it's demonstrated through-cycle superiority and we intend to maintain that.
Mark Millett: So, thank you. And for those still on the call, I’d like to thank you for your time today. And those that supports us, thank you for your support. To our employees, again, our priority is safety, safety, safety. Please be safe in anything that you do and thank you for all you do for our company. And also, thank you to loyal customers for your support as well. Without you, we wouldn't be who we are. So thank you and have a great day.
Theresa Wagler: So Curt, when you're looking year-over-year, the biggest change that you're seeing is the electrode costs. Our electrodes didn't start increasing cost until the second half of 2018, because we had different inventories that were layered in. And so it's almost $20 million quarter-over-quarter increase in just electrodes alone. But if you were to do that same comparison on the sequential fourth quarter, it's basically flat. So you're seeing the highest -- higher input costs and that’s basically the change in year-over-year.
Theresa Wagler: In addition, Curt, I don't think you can emphasize enough the fact what Mark said early is that we've got considerable number of customers that actually want to move on campus. And so, that's going to help to ramp up that facility as well.
Theresa Wagler: From a fabrication perspective for the backlog, actually we've increased prices pretty effectively in the first quarter of this year and we would expect to see that continue honestly through the year. And that in combination with the lower steel pricing that is now in the inventory for the fabrication business should result in higher spreads than you would have seen in 2018.
Theresa Wagler: Right now, Matt, our current intention is to watch the capital markets throughout the year. And you see our capital structure today and you will see that we have some notes that are actually stepping down on pricing. So, I think we're just going to continue to monitor the market. We definitely believe we could do that but that might limit some options as we do other things. So I think it's something that we're going to wait and see what happens in the capital markets this year.
Theresa Wagler: Well, certainly obviously, yes. Today, obviously, Matt, leverage levels are quite attractive. I think our net leverage is less than 1 times at the end of the quarter. But during this cycle, we've consistently said and we really like to maintain that through cycle net leverage somewhere between 2 and 3 times. And so with that, we believe that we’ll be able to effectively do that even with the elevated levels of CapEx spending, because I think one need to keep in mind that we have all these earnings catalysts that are also coming online this year. For example, the rebar project the Structural Rail Division, we just started shipping rebar in the first quarter of this year. So by the third quarter of this year, we expect to be up to about 90% to 95% capacity, and that’s quite a bit of additional volume. And that's why I may have mentioned the fact that our shipping capability today is over 13 million tons. So I think one needs to keep in mind that there's earnings catalysts that will be kicking in along with that additional spending over the next two to three years.
Theresa Wagler: Well, right now, I think we have the ability to have what we'd like to call balanced approach to the capital allocation, which you've seen us doing. If we are going to see a larger acquisition or transaction, you’ll probably likely see us go back a little bit on the share repurchases in advance of that or in combination with that, because that's a lever that we can use quite effectively. Otherwise, I think you should expect to continue to see a positive dividend profile from us what you've seen over the last long period of time actually along with the additional capital that we've been spending with expectations for that continued cash flow generation. So I think you're going to continue to see us do what we've been doing.
Theresa Wagler: Actually, it's already been reported through steel field, and you'd have -- their shipments would have been reported in the coated shipments that I gave you earlier on the call.
Theresa Wagler: So typically, it's part of the message we try to give sometimes the difference between flat rolled products. I would just say that flat rolled profitability was down, probably somewhere between 20% and 25% versus long products profitability being down maybe around 10%.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so 2 to 3 times is again in the ceiling area. It wouldn't be somewhere where we would be sustained on a through-recycle basis, so that's a correct statement.
Theresa Wagler: That's correct. But remember that when I was answering that question, that wasn't just about organic projects that also include any potential transactions from time-to-time that may arise.
Theresa Wagler: And then, John, I would just add if you look at the total debt level just over $2 billion and then you take into consideration the capital structure, which is perfectly laddered out where there is not anyone more material maturity in one year and that current maturities actually don’t even have a meaningful maturity even at three to four years. And that’s purposeful and that’s we maintain what we believe to be a very conservative balance sheet, but appropriate for a growth company.
