Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Tricia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call, and we certainly appreciate you spending some time with us this morning.  I'd like to thank the SDI team for delivering a solid quarter despite a challenging steel pricing environment. Their dedication, their drive and innovative spirit continues to propel us toward excellence that earn superior financial metrics and shareholder value. I'd like to thank each and every one of our 8,000 team for their input.  But to begin this morning, Theresa will provide insights into our third quarter performance. 
Mark Millett: I'm not sure that there's greater capability. We continue to gain market share into Mexico. So we're not seeing any resistance for sure. 
Mark Millett: So I think the -- by sort of product sector, automotive remains very, very strong. The energy sector has come off, but that is mainly from seamless sort of pipe consumers, and that's more [ dairy involved ]. I would suggest that the pipe production side of things for the entity, yes the collection and distribution infrastructure on flat roll, that remains very strong. But we are seeing some weakness in energy, fuel is then off. Several of the industrial manufacturing, trailer and those sorts of things are off a little bit on the manufacturing side of the house. 
Mark Millett: Well, I think that's a great question. So I would say we're not understanding it completely either. The so-called destocking, I think, is trailing off and coming to an end. So you have relatively low infill positions throughout the supply chain there. Imports have continued to erode. So I believe that given the underlying demand, for the moment, it's still strong. Construction is still very strong. Energy, pipe, very, very strong.  Yes, the kind of the industrial manufacturing arena has weakened to some degree. But the underlying demand or consumption of the product remains pretty well intact through the end of the year. And I would envision that we are going to see certain support at the pricing level we see today, if not a little bit of a pickup going into the first quarter as people start coming back to the marketplace. 
Mark Millett: Currently, in general, we would rarely scale back production. Our cost position is still advantageous compared to any other producer out there. Utilization from our mills is critical to retain that cost structure. We're going to remain profitable and can remain profitable at these levels and even lower levels. So we have no intent of scaling back. 
Mark Millett: Just to add to that, if you can break that, Heartland as we say, the team there has done an absolute phenomenal job on the production side. That facility is breaking records and I think has never produced at the rates that they're producing today. So when that's up and running at full tilt, that's going to be 800,000 tons of substrate. You have Texas, similarly, 700,000, 800,000 tons of substrate that allows us to get further away from other folks as needed.  So this is a -- and new milling systems have about 600,000 tons of requirements. So there's a lot of flexibility there for us to divert materials over to our own facilities to maintain that utilization rate. And as we've said in the past, steel mill assets are -- through that strong fixed cost and utilization is critical to outperform our peers. 
Mark Millett: I would say we are firmly entrenched in pushing that project forward. I'm not sure how to articulate the investment premise and the incredible investment return that that facility is going to produce. It truly is a differentiated project. You can't get that material today in the U.S. The pipe producers are actually going offshore and bringing that in. So they'll be able to make 84-inch wide, 1-inch thick, 100 ksi materials. It's going to be just a new product and a huge advantage. The trade advantage is colossal for us and so the market penetration, we feel, will be quite rapid. And it's -- as we've described in the past, it's just a vacuum of reaching production there. So I don't see why we would even entertain the thought of slowing that down. 
Mark Millett: Andrew, sorry, but we're having a little bit of a noise problem. If you would, just speak a little slower and the other folks. 
Mark Millett: Well, there are no [ permanent ] or any sort of extraordinary reasons not to start the facility at its full rate. Typically, mills of that nature run around about -- after the first 6 months or so, in their first year, run around about 80% of their rated capacity, which in this case is 2 million tons. 
Mark Millett: Well, that seems to be the topic du jour, I guess, and I think the -- in terms of the aggregate list of new capacity expansions that are being sort of discussed there is ever changing. And I think it's reducing. If you look at the -- on the long product side, you have Republic come off, [ Baker-Hansen ] come off. On the flat-rolled side, U.S. Steel is suggesting that they'll shut down 2 -- idle 2 blast furnaces. AK is coming off independently so that Ashland will never come back. JSW has changed its thoughts. So the total aggregate number of additional tons seems to keep decreasing.  The most recent news that U.S. Steel delivered suggested that there will be some rationalization there, meaningful rationalization. So I think that the industry will continue to evolve. We as a U.S. industry need to operate, need to be competitive on a global basis. And I think the industry has been responsible and moving in that direction.  Obviously, there is, on the flat-rolled side, some real capacity coming on. You could probably say about 6 million, 6.5 million tons of real capacity we'll be seeing in 2, 3 years' time in the marketplace. But between now and then, the market -- 2/3 of the market is going to continue to grow somewhat. And we are quite volatile on a longer term. The trade constraints, so the regionalism that is pervasive today, I think is going to erode imports or keep imports under control.  Our North American demand, particularly in Mexico, will continue to grow and for those like ourselves that are in a position to service that new market, it's going to be very valuable for us.  Sort of the U.S. energy independence that we're achieving now, I think has been understated. People are not talking about it, but that's going to be a huge economic driver, both of the economy and of fixed asset investment. We're seeing, just in Texas alone, the LNG plants, the permits, the $38 billion of infrastructure that is likely planned. So that is a -- I think that's an understated sort of growth opportunity there.  Now the USMCA domestic product is going to increase demand, I think, for us all. The tax reform, the fixed asset investment is going to continue. And there's going to be inevitably, at some point in time, infrastructure spend. Now, it may not be this year, but [ it will be going on ]. So in general, we're incredibly bullish, and the market is going to be able to support that increased capability. 
Mark Millett: I think the -- on the engineered bar side of things, that is driven principally by market, but the sort of industrial manufacturing base, it's certainly softened. On the structural side, for us, actually, I'll start with rail and beams. Rail, we're actually increasing market share there. We'll probably ship 200,000 tons, I think, for 2019. Structural heavy beams certainly is under pressure, yes. 
Mark Millett: On the structural side, scrap plays a critical role there. And when you have a market that has gone down 8 out of 10 months, the buyer is just hesitant. They expect lower prices the next month and the next month and the next month. And so I think when we'll see the scrap stabilizes here over the next couple of months, people will come back to the marketplace. 
Mark Millett: Well, Timna, obviously, with the Sinton project, we're being a lot more fickle I would suggest in looking at other opportunities. The pipeline continues to -- as you say, I think there continues to be opportunities out there. As we have been in the past, we've been incredibly sort of responsible and disciplined and are only going to move forward with something if the returns are extremely good and it provides strategic opportunity for us. Principal focus obviously is in that stream value-add and pull-through type opportunities. 
Mark Millett: I think that it's incredibly difficult to quantify that. Obviously, there are players out there that we will imagine are underwater at current market prices. I think you can read between the lines that there's some rationalization sort of planned or will take place, but the [ going to find out ] is -- would be a little speculative. 
Mark Millett: Well, I guess there, it's what -- we're here to talk about SDI specifically and not hypothesize about the future 3 or 4 years out, to be honest. With our mill, all I can say is it's filling our portfolio. We continue to grow even more so in any day as we talk to prospective customers relative to our Sinton investment. And to be clear, we're not building just a new mill there but establishing a new business horizon for SDI in the Southwest U.S. and Mexico. And we've got an incredible team with probably the deepest breadth of talent to execute on a construction project of this size and start it up and operate it. And we have looked all along the Gulf Coast there and including Brownsville. And the Sinton location, I think will provide the least expensive freight to our targeted markets. It's got the best constructability and most importantly provides the lowest operating cost solution when all things are considered. You can't just look at freight alone or any one particular component. You have to look at all the services, the utilities, transportation, the scrap inbound, cold coil inbound. And so we're incredibly excited, to be honest, there's the team in Sinton. And as I said earlier, we're not having more of the same, the technology and the process or anything. We'll provide a differentiated product that's unavailable in the U.S. market today. And our product is real. It's an expansion of a fully demonstrated growth profile that we've sustained through our 25-year history. And so the commentary out there, I think is unfortunate to be further asked of the rhetoric, the speculations, the sensationism that seems to dominate the steel space today. It's taken away the focus from real value growth performance of some steel companies, SDI is one of them. 
Mark Millett: Yes. Specifically, Roanoke, as I said, I think was around about 70% to 80% of its rated capacity currently. Columbia City is way behind that. It's about 50% of its rate. The good thing is that Roanoke can't make enough. The market, particularly on the cut-to-length, the custom length business, we can sell all that we make. That's a good thing particularly when you look at the market in general. 
Mark Millett: Well, again, as in the past, certainly appreciate your interest and your time today. To our customers that may be on the line, thank you for your business, and hopefully we continue to earn your trust in the business. And to our employees, again, safety, safety, safety. Thanks for all you do. You do a hell of a job. Thank you. 
Theresa Wagler: And remember, David, we have the benefit of the additional manufacturing businesses to utilize our steel as well, which is one of the key factors why, if you do enter or when we are in weaker periods, we can still keep that utilization higher to keep those costs compressed for the third-party sales as well. 
Theresa Wagler: David, just to put a cap on that, actually, as demonstrated in the third quarter, we're actually still having a positive dividend profile as we established by increasing the dividend 20% in the first quarter of this year as well as repurchasing almost $300 million of stock during the year. And so we're actively involved in the shareholder distribution as well as being able to have a strong cash flow generation to pay for the Sinton flat roll mill through free cash flow if we would choose to do so while maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. So we have the optionality and the flexibility, and frankly, the intent to do all of the above. 
Theresa Wagler: Seth, so as it relates to the strong order backlog comment that I made on fabrication, as we look at this time last year, it's very similar. It might be just slightly less, but that's not abnormal as last year was pretty robust heading into the fall time frame. There's still a very strong order backlog from the fabrication perspective.  And you're correct on the margin side equation. Declining steel prices obviously benefits the fabrication side of the business, but there's also been really robust demand on the construction side, which is a lot of pricing, which remained pretty robust as well. Heading into 2020 based on the customer's commentary and I think, Jim, they just had a big sales meeting, and the customer base, correct me if I'm wrong, is very optimistic about 2020 as well. 
Theresa Wagler: We are not buying the backlog, if that's what you're asking. No. Pricing is holding up quite well in the fabrication arena. And so it's not a matter -- the words you used was -- I'm not sure I got it, because steel prices are going down that it's reflecting in the same amount of increase in the fabrication pricing. No, that's not happening. 
Theresa Wagler: Yes, absolutely. So last week, we were upgraded by all 3 rating agencies to investment grade, and so we are committed to maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. So in our mind, that target is a through-cycle net leverage of less than 2x. So that's the reason for the change in the investor deck. And you'll notice that even over the last 3 years, we've returned almost $1.6 billion of cash to investors, who are also investing over $1.2 billion in our own assets and acquisitions, and we maintained lower than net leverage of 2x. So we have that flexibility to still grow and make distributions and maintain that. We don't believe it's limiting at all. So that's the reason for the change. 
Theresa Wagler: It's -- we're committed to investment-grade ratings and so net leverage of less than 2x through-cycle. 
Theresa Wagler: So we are always assessing the capital deck per layout of maturities if you will, and we do have 3 tranches that are available or callable at this point in time. So we'll be assessing the market in the near term to determine what that opportunity set may look like. 
Theresa Wagler: Curt, I will give you preliminary thoughts, and then we'll round out with more detail as we have the fourth quarter conference call in January. We're still developing some of our capital requests for next year. But in totality, I would assume that next year with the $1.2 billion expected to be spent on Sinton, we're likely to spend another $100 million to $150 million. So probably looking at $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of CapEx next year. Again, we'll be more specific on the call.  As it relates to working capital, you shouldn't see significant working capital changes in 2020. You start to see more of that in the first half of 2021. So aside from market dynamics, which obviously, you can model on what your expectations are for 2020, there's nothing that would be structurally different in my estimation for working capital. 
Theresa Wagler: The major benefit will come actually, Tyler, in 2021 as the facility starts up, and you will immediately be able to deduct the capital spent under the new tax rules, which other companies do as well. But as you're constructing, it's not that you're deducting it as you spend it. And you're correct. The $150 million to $155 million of tax benefit actually will accrue to us over, call it, a 5- to 10-year period. 
Theresa Wagler: There is. I'm not prepared to give you that number today, but we'd be happy to do that in a later call. 
Theresa Wagler: John, I would say that generally our shipments weren't extraordinarily higher nor lower from August to September across the platform. And I don't think that we can get what October will be for the industry. 
Chris Graham: Yes. It continues to be an over-served market, Mark. I think that there is a definite switch from ordering out of rollings. This is the same story everywhere, whether it's destocking or they were overly aggressive in their buying habits at the end of last year. It's on the floor, and there isn't a day or 2 they're not getting into rollings. So we see steady demand, but we see that people are literally not buying a lot of steel that they don't need. Friday, they're not buying it on a Wednesday because the price may be different on Thursday. And it just seems to be the general trend in all of our markets. 
Chris Graham: Yes, Mark, our structural share has actually increased in this slower market. And when we talk about the rig count [ striking things ], we've just been -- it has [ allegiance to the ] markets. We're continuing to set efficiency records and production records. [ Both ] facilities, there's the new rebar projects are starting to bear fruit, record production in September. I think given any market change, we're well positioned to capitalize. 
Chris Graham: Yes. Phil, this is Chris. We did have a slow start on a couple of projects, as Mark has alluded to, but in my short time with the long products team, I've seen it heading in the right direction. The teams are debugging and commissioning. And they're good at it. We're just a new product. And so I would tell you, in the last 2 months, incredible strides are being made. We're actually ahead of where I thought we'd be 60 days ago, and the teams are taking it right to capacity, and we're looking forward to the rest of the year and 2020 as being [ locked in ] those regions. I would tell you that our medium-section mill in Columbia City where we run the rebar had just -- last month really had their second greatest production month in their history. And that would not have been the case in this market without the rebar project. And so I think it was good vision to add these product lines in an over-served market, and it's providing benefits already. And there's a lot of upside there, Phil. 
Chris Graham: And Mark, the thing with Columbia City, last year, I'd say that the recent performance is above that 50% range, and they're going to maintain it. 
Chris Graham: This is Chris. We've definitely seen some assistance in the threaded rod arena because of the tariff discussions. Some of the largest consumers of threaded rod who are buying 100% offshore are coming to visit our team for the first time in decades. Now Vulcan does make several products, heat-treat and cold finish. Those are more directly related to scrap. And so they've had the same pressures. But you're right. It's a good point on low tariffs on threaded rod. We've not -- there's been a disconnect with the scrap pricing. It's been -- we've gotten some pricing power there.  One comment as you talk about the cases, I think it's interesting. Some of the products Vulcan make imports hold as much as 85% share. And so you're right. It's been an interesting case to follow. And we believe there's going to be some opportunities for Vulcan to grow. 
Philip Gibbs: Mark, you spoke a little bit about it in your prepared remarks, but I just wanted to see if you could review the rebar investments you've made in the market and where each of your respective projects stand right now. I think you talked about one of them but just if you could give the kind of state of affairs of both of those projects. 
Philip Gibbs: So a couple of hundred -- it sounds like a couple of hundred thousand more tons to potentially get out on an annualized basis next year if I'm hearing you correctly. Okay.  And then 2 on Heartland, because that's obviously been a growth area for you all, where you acquired that business. Where do we see utilization right now? And then can you just describe how Heartland is being integrated with your legacy operations? Because I know you had to at least purchase a lot of hot-rolled on the open market before you started integrating that. 
Philip Gibbs: Appreciate the comments and congratulations on the formal achievement of the investment grade on the debt. Appreciate it. 
