Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or the general business and economic conditions, which may cause actual results and turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our Form 10-K annual report under the captions forward-looking statements and risk factors or as applicable in subsequently filed Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. I know many of you are accustomed to Fred Warner, our long-time Investor Relations manager, handling this portion of the call. However, as many of you are aware, Fred retired in March after many years of service to the company. We all wish him well in this next stage. Until we announce Fred's replacement, please feel free to contact me directly for any investor matters. Now joining me for today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and the company's platform executive vice presidents including: Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our steel operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our mills recycling operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our fabrication operations. Now for opening remarks, I am pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. Luke, the difference is that when you're looking at the segment results, we have to report 100% of the losses associated with Mesabi Nugget, and what gets the consolidation is only our portion of that. So we only own 81% of Mesabi Nugget, and what you see in that segment information is 100% of the loss versus just our portion.
Theresa E. Wagler: Okay. Just of note, natural gas is really maybe 3% of our overall fuel manufacturing cost. So it's not a tremendous cost.
Theresa E. Wagler: Evan, as far as the estimates that we gave in the press release, the question was what were the assumptions that went into that statement.
Theresa E. Wagler: It doesn't relate to gas. The assumptions were that production is very similar to the first quarter as they ramp up and that pig iron pricing is similar and that we're using market price iron concentrate.
Theresa E. Wagler: Columbia City operated at about 54% of its capacity. It's basically the same as in the fourth quarter, just slightly lower.
Theresa E. Wagler: Not the financial impact, but we did make a suggestion that it affected the SBQ shipments by 16,000 tons. At which point you would have SBQ actually shipping more in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter. But we just don't go into that granular level with our operations.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. The comments that I made was that the premium associated with the tender offer in January, it amounted to about $40 million. And that $40 million expense is showing in Other Expense in income. Otherwise, you would have had Other Income in the range of $2 million to $3 million, which is very typical for us quarter-over-quarter.
Mark D. Millett: We would anticipate sort of incremental growth into the volume. So I would hope that would be the case. If you contrast it with last year, obviously, the February, March, April, May period had some pretty terrific spreads that allowed profitability or pretty extensive profitability of the Flat Roll division. It would be difficult to see that those spreads would plateau and that same performance occur this year.
Mark D. Millett: If you just -- Shneur, if you compare -- just simply, current market pricing is edging up in the $150, $155, $160 range for iron concentrate. Last year, it peaked at about $185 a ton. And we, unfortunately, are reliant in the most part or have been reliant on most part for that market type material. Going forward, the Magnetation -- and Magnetation as suggested, this is going forward well. The construction is well underway, and we're expecting a third quarter start-up. That material should be produced in the $45 to $50 per ton range. So obviously, you've got that immediate effect as you go from $150 to $160 down to the $50. That's a considerable change. And the additional -- the initial impact is that it takes, let's just say, roughly 1.5 tons of concentrate to produce a ton of nugget. So you have that compounding also.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, if you look at our -- and as we've addressed in the past, we sort of separated -- not separate out Mesabi Nugget in Magnetation. If you look at our Minnesota operations in general, that would be the case.
Mark D. Millett: Well, they suggested the market disruption sort of mid-first quarter I think was definitely sort of buyer pattern related. The underlying demand, I think we've found to be relatively steady, and it continues to do so. Auto -- as I said, auto is very, very strong. I think we produced 14.4 million units or whatever in March. But auto is strong, energy is strong, agriculture is strong, so we're not seeing any dramatic drop off in demand.
Mark D. Millett: So the domestic to global spread has dissipated dramatically, and we would suggest that imports won't be as attractive to the buyers going forward here.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I can't give you specific percentages to -- against the peak, but it is anemic and incredibly soft. So there's a huge upside there as the economy recovers. Again, on the structural side of things, our shipments have improved in the wide tranche arena. And we see that principally through our fabricators in medical centers, hospitals, warehouses and some energy-related infrastructure.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the -- we've suggested in the past, obviously, we've got to get the operating rate up. The financial performance there is driven by 3 main issues. One, volume, and we're expecting and hoping to get up to sort of at least on an annualized basis a 300,000-ton year rate by year end, which would hopefully flow into next year. It's driven by the concentrate cost, which obviously we will be turning that around. Again, that won't happen until -- probably Q1 because we will have -- even though we will be producing concentrate for Magnetation in the fourth quarter, we're obviously going to have to consume any remaining higher price concentrate brought over to the market. And thirdly, the price of the pig iron and you can't predict that. Obviously, the recent downtrend that seemed to be a floor at around about 460 NOLA, 480 NOLA. But the financial performance is also going to be driven by where that market defies.
Mark D. Millett: Well, obviously, the quality of our earnings, so to speak, dropped considerably quarter-over-quarter from last year and in large part related to the spread. If you think of the spread between the hot band and prime scrap. As I said earlier, February, March, April, May, they were at historically high levels with the exception of the single period in 2008. And here in the first quarter, we're kind of at the bottom end of the range. Generally, that spread vacillates between roughly $250 to $300 a ton. And we would hope and would suggest that normality is going to return and our spreads expand going forward for the rest of the year.
Mark D. Millett: Again I think, Timna, you have the headwind of the increased capacity come online. That is the headwind that until that goes away, that margin won't expand dramatically. I don't believe.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Timma, also it might be product mix. Obviously, the paint line is -- it doesn't run every product at the same speed. And as we ventured into different markets -- because the residential construction, the raised garage door panels were pretty strong running or fast running products, as those folks had a tough time. And we've gained market share in other arenas. We probably got some slower running material, but we can't guarantee that.
Mark D. Millett: I would suggest that if volumes should increase at least if our customers are correct and there are prognostications, Michelle, and that with margins remaining as they are, should give us a modest improvement.
Mark D. Millett: Given the vagaries of the market, both on the scrap side and the product side, I don't think anyone in the latter part of January felt that we're going to have the market disruption that we had 2 weeks later. So when I say hope, I guess I'm just hedging my bets. It's very, very difficult to tell what's going to happen 6 weeks ahead anymore in our markets.
Mark D. Millett: Well, there's a lot of plant capacity. And I'm not so sure that all of it's going to come online as advertised would be one comment. And secondly, I do believe we are well positioned. And Barry and Dick and the team have done a phenomenal job in structuring and expansion. Again, we're going into a product arena of smaller diameter of ours, 3 5/8 inch diameter which is an arena that we're not really in today. And that arena is probably 4 million, 4.5 million tons of the SBQ market. If you look at the SBQ market in total, it's been 8 million to 10 million tons in a normal year. So a good portion, 40%, 45% of that market is in a place that we're not -- the expansion has kind of come on the heels of our customers suggesting and wanting us to get into that market arena. And we feel that a lot of our product will be going to existing customers. And to your earlier point, there's a huge hurdle both in costs and in time and effort to get into the higher quality market niches that we're in today. Qualifications with the Caterpillars and the John Deers and everyone in the world is not an overnight occurrence. And I think we have a good number of years sort of leg up on our competition.
Mark D. Millett: And one last point, Michelle, if it's integrating into our existing facility, it's incredibly efficient from a labor perspective and also from a capital perspective. $76 million for 300,000 tons of capacity is an incredible effect of use of capital and should put us into a low-cost position compared to any of our competitors.
Mark D. Millett: Well it certainly will help the supply-demand balance or the supply side on scrapping of raw materials. If you look in the southern hemisphere, the Houston, Texas, the Corpus Christi arena, today they have a reasonably good supply of obsolete scrap. A lot of which is actually exported more than anything. But in the prime arena, it's very, very tight. So it will certainly help the dynamics there.
Mark D. Millett: Obviously, one imagines that Nucor isn't going to sell that material into the open market, and it's destined for their own facilities. And thus -- but in turn, that's going to take demand away from the regular market. So one would have to assume that, that is going to ease that situation.
Mark D. Millett: I can only comment from our own experience in the marketplace. And I would suggest that particularly on the tax -- from a tax perspective, we're seeing a greater competition in the southern markets where CYK and Nucor sort of dominate. So it most likely is regional, but we're not seeing any displacement of our order book from our peers in any material way up in the Midwest arena.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, obviously, the capacity, the new capacity has to be absorbed. And that capacity has been coming on now for probably 1.5 years or so ramping up. And at some point, obviously, demand is going to be matched. I think going forward, if you look at a normalized economy, where America needs 120 million tons or 125 million tons, the new capacity is going to be easily absorbed. And as I've stated in the past, believe that the import scenario is going to be a little more challenging for consumers than it has been in the past. And the hurdle or the spread to make imports attractive has increased. And in the years past, if you could save yourself a $50 bill for imports, it would be attractive. But given the volatility in the market and the exposure or the financial risks that you have sort of speculating on that import material, I think it's increased dramatically. And the imports, mark-to-market when the market spread is dramatic, they will find their way to our shores at a much higher spread. Recently, we didn't really hear a huge amount of that import activity until that spread was over $100, $150 a ton. That's a different scenario than we experienced in past years.
Mark D. Millett: Super, Ryan. And again -- once again, thank you sincerely for your support and for taking the time to join our call. Thank you to our loyal employees that each and every one of you have an impact on our performance. And we wish you the very best, and just remind yourselves to be safe in each and everything that you do. And also, thank you to our loyal customers. Without you, we wouldn't be here. So again, thank you all. Bye bye.
Luke Folta: No. I mean, just looking at the results, if you did and maybe -- I mean, there is too many numbers to do on the conference call. But I'm just looking through that you made $25 million in OmniSource and you lost, say, $13 million or so million pretax on Mesabi. I'm just trying to kind of maybe understand where the rest of the offset might have been.
Luke Folta: Okay. All right. And then just the last one, on SBQ, just wanted to get your sense of what you've been seeing in the market. It seems like we've seen a little bit of a pullback in lead times and maybe some availability -- availability increasing. I just wanted to get your sense, what you're seeing out there.
Luke Folta: Let's assume the concentrate market, just to make numbers around, was $150 and the cost was $50, you're saying you'll be able to capture that full $100 benefit and then be able to magnify it based on the 1.5 ton ratio per concentrate in Nugget.
Richard P. Teets: That's very true, Mark. Exactly right. I would tell you that the vast majority of our customer base is positive and optimistic for a slow but continued growth, and that's just reflective of the different buying pattern, not a demand issue.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that we have seen the benefits, but it's been such a long tapered decline in those costs that they've been rolled in, and we've been realizing them all over the last couple of years. I mean, starting in about 2008, there started to be a decline in the forward pricing and the spot pricing of natural gases. So I guess I'm saying that you're not going to see an additional change. They've already been tapered in through our performances over the last couple of years.
Richard P. Teets: No, because again the drop in spot price gases that has occurred has again been slow and steady. I don't see it up in the whole lot from the $2 range that we all hear about.
Richard P. Teets: There's nothing constrained in production that would be based on our order rates that we have to ship. So everything is fine, and we expect it to continue to remain strong and grow.
Richard P. Teets: If I can add just quickly that again, I think Barry and his team have attempted to position ourselves as a leader in the future in the market that we aren't even in yet, except we have a good a reputation -- a great reputation in the larger bars. And entering in this market, the equipment that's being chosen is, what I'd say, the highest order of delivering the highest quality product. And there are suppliers out there today, no matter what capacity they have cannot deliver that quality of a product that we will bring into market. So we're geared for a good growth. And if a fight comes on, we're going to be positioned for exciting blocks, block and beam furnaces, just things like that, that aren't necessarily a custom tool -- or customary tools in the industry in that market.
Richard P. Teets: Maybe I just clarify a little bit about that maintenance outage. We had a maintenance outage planned for the early part of April. And included in that outage was the plan to replace some components inside of our Walking Beam Furnace there. And whatever -- for whatever reason, the leak developed a little bit quicker than we anticipated. And we determined for the integrity of the refractory and the furnace, it was prudent to shut down a month early. We kept the melt shop running, and it didn't miss a beat, but the rolling and finishing was impacted, hence, the shipments. But again, the work was anticipated. The materials are all on hand, and it was going to occur in April. So really, I would tell you the shipments shifted from the first quarter and will be reflected with really no loss into the second quarter.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I would tell you from that -- I will believe the vast majority will stay the same. Again, even when we thought we took orders, sometimes they were more of a reservation and not an order on a specific product. And so therefore, we have time consumed, but not necessarily a backlog tonnage that was noted. So we talked emotionally about how far it's out. But in reality, we all recognized that putting things out at 9 months or 12 months when some people has claimed that, it's a little bit harder to realize that, that's -- those are the true products that are going to get shipped. I would tell you that we continue, as Mark indicated, under pressure in the East from our Techs divisions, and we are working on that situation, looking at other products and other opportunities there. But I would tell you that backlogs have not appreciably changed across the book, other than maybe the appearance of it at the SBQ from the end of the year to mid-quarter to now.
