Mark Millett: Thank you, David and good morning everybody. Thank you for being with us on our second quarter earnings call. Once again, our teams achieved a solid financial and operational quarter. Highlights included continued safety improvement, 81% of our facilities were incident free through the quarter, our cash from operations of $808 million and EBITDA generation of $1.2 billion. We also received improved investment-grade credit ratings, providing further third-party confirmation of the strength of our business model. We are also making significant progress on our aluminum flat-rolled investments. There is great excitement within the prospective customer base for new and innovative supply chain solutions from a differentiated supplier. I am incredibly proud of our teams. They are the foundation of our company and they drive our success. Is their culture of excellence, combined with our meaningful value-added growth, diversification and supply chain positioning that is resulting in our earnings strength in all market cycles? However, as I have often said, great financial performance is of no importance without safety for our SDI family. We are focused on providing the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We are actively engaged in safety at all times and at every level, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation. Our focus, as I said, the team’s safety performance further improved in the second quarter, way ahead of industry averages. There is more to do, we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries. But before I continue, Theresa, would you like to give us some financial color.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. And hopefully, folks can hear us, I know it’s – I guess is not quite up to snuff today, so I apologize for that. But nonetheless, our steel fabrication platform turned in another strong quarter. The team continues to do an absolutely phenomenal job there, one second. Everyone apologies, but it appears that many folks can’t hear us, hear the call. I would ask you to hang up and call back in and we will just pause the call for a second. Thank you.
Mark Millett: Absolutely not. We remain very, very bullish now. If you go back like a year now, perhaps the folks were projecting that demand would grow and you need four new aluminum mills. We didn’t believe that then. We don’t believe that now. But we certainly feel there is more space than to satisfy our market share for sure. The kind of the – sort of the pull back, I would say, is more an inventory standpoint. There is a lot of inventory people panicked a lot last year. That inventory has to flow through the system. And there is absolutely no doubt that it is doing so today. And in all honesty, when our mill comes up, I think that the marketplace is going to be in a beautiful place for us to receive product. Are you going to look longer-term, there definitely is a social change away from POC plastic bottles that will continue. It’s not just beer, it’s water, it’s all fluids. And then when you look at the automotive arena, we believe and we’ve – with our communications with virtually all the automotive folks, they have been restrained from developing greater volumes of aluminum through the lack of availability. We’re providing that availability going forward. And I think we – just as we’ve done in steel, we will gain market share quite rapidly. So from a market perspective, we are still very bullish that the amount of interest we have across the aluminum space is incredible. And I think I said it on our last call, in steel, we’ve never entered a market that is underserved. Every market we’ve gone into, we’ve had to differentiate ourselves to gain market share. It’s refreshing for us that people are actually coming to us and when you combine that need with our ability to change the supply chain to provide much greater value to the customer base, I think we’re confident to gain that market share quite rapidly.
Mark Millett: Yes. Carlos, thanks for the question. The marketplace is a little frothy right now. I would say the recent – the most recent change here in the CRU downward here yesterday or the day before in our mind doesn’t represent the market dynamics that’s going on at the time.
Mark Millett: Well, the – actually, the outage – the actual specific cost it was well under $1 million. It – as Barry said, the issue was just getting parts and just the size of the equipment involved, it wasn’t necessarily a large expense to repair. And the second part of that, sorry. Well, again, as you saw or as you heard from our comments, we are just tempering our expectations. We have always had higher expectations. And we just believe once we get up and running here in the next few days, we were at – when we shutdown 52%, 55% or thereabouts, we are just suggesting now that month-over-month we are going to progressively ramp up to that 80% by the end of the year. And then into next year, we will continue to incrementally ramp up to full production through ‘24.
Mark Millett: We certainly capitalized a little on the AMSA situation down there. And even as they restart, and obviously, there is a lot of projections as to how quickly they restart, if they restart. But we are quite confident that the customer base there around AMSA certainly in Monclova has recognized that single sourcing is a huge mistake. And even with an arms of startup, we are going to continue to secure a lot of that business that we have and market share that we have gained.
Mark Millett: And relative to the concern of overcapacity in almost over the years now, perhaps I have been in the industry too long. But everyone is – it wasn’t so long ago that there was going to be overcapacity in the iron ore business and it’s going to go down to $35 a ton. And then it was the sheet issue where I think everyone is recognizing now that with the continued shutdown of the old inefficient high-cost assets in the integrated business in the country. The desire for low-carbon products that we are not going to see a material impact to any increase in the sheet market. And I think the same with coated people are gravitating to produce their parts with more coated. I can remember cause a not so long ago, the outside skin was just galvanized and now you look at a car today and almost every single piece is galvanized. So, demand is increasing for sure. The world is getting lighter gauge galvanized so the line time of – goes up and thus the actual sort of effective throughput of the line is – lines are going down today. So, we are not overly concerned.
Mark Millett: Yes, John, I guess we remain – this is what is happening. Hopefully, you can hear us still. But we remain incredibly excited by what we have seen in Sinton. As I have said earlier, we can sell everything we can make and a whole bunch more. We are really excited about the additional galv line and pre-paint line down there that will allow us to, as we have done at Columbus and at Butler diversify the product mix and bring even more value add to it. The energy products, the ability to thermal mechanical roll produce those higher strength grades, the high tough grades at lower cost is working incredibly well. And that’s going to be a great market for us down there. And those products are value-add. It may be hot band, but you accrue a good premium for those products. And we are also seeing in the plate arena, great potential then. One of the on-site processes that you mentioned that we co-locate is a real heavy plate cutter length line. And we feel there is going to be massive opportunity there, particularly as the infrastructure growth occurs and plate is going to be a big component in that. So Sinton, it’s incredible. One needs to go there to really experience it. The equipment reliability issues are frustrating, but it’s absolutely a state-of-the-art mill. The team is excited. They will get that thing running for blast in time. And it will be the technology of choice going forward.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you. And for those still on the call, our employees, in particular, thank you for what you do each and every day. You do drive a success. We can’t do things without you. Our customers, thank you for your loyal support. And our shareholders, thank you those that are invested in us. We will continue to treat your dollars just like they are our own. We are going to continue to grow them. And we have a huge bright future ahead of us, Sinton kicking in the aluminum going forward, the growth momentum continues. So, thank you.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Curt. This is Theresa. So I appreciate the question. When Mark said that the average pricing was expected to be down 10% to 15%, that was just for clarity for everyone on the call, that was measuring the first half of 2023 to the second half of 2023. So it wasn’t specific to a point in time or specific to the second quarter itself. And we would say that we expect the cadence to be pretty equal from that step down in the third quarter and then stepping down a bit finally into the fourth quarter. Pricing is stable. It’s been very – I think the term we keep using is resilient, and that’s something that we pointed to in the past. We think there is been a structural shift in pricing for steel fabrication as there is really a lack of substitutability when you think about steel joist and deck and there is a very good demand today and we think increasing demand with the momentum behind manufacturing for all the different reasons that we pointed to this morning. The backlog has a good pricing, very strong pricing from a historical perspective. And I think that we see that heading very favorably into the first quarter. And frankly, we were just talking about it this morning, as you think about a lot of the public monies in those programs, those are being awarded, especially with the IRA and some of the Department of Labor dollars. Those are getting awarded sometime this fall kind of call it late third quarter, early fourth quarter. So that should really benefit 2024 and 2025 as you think about manufacturing and construction. And definitely, steel fabrication will benefit from that.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Curt. Yes. So as it relates to the mix of the backlog and I would say more so even in the current order intake activity. We have seen – and I think it’s positive for the economy in general. We’ve seen a more projects coming in from, whether it be education, healthcare, definitely manufacturing. So we’re starting to even see the electric vehicle batteries. We’ve seen the chips we’ve seen a lot of advent and manufacturing from onshoring new things that we’ve talked about. So there is a mix towards those type of projects and away from just purely retail warehouses, which we’ve been seeing and talking about for a while now, probably 6 to 9 months. As it relates to capital spending for 2024, we expect to have capital spending for the aluminum project this year is likely to be somewhere between $900 million and $950 million in total. Next year for the aluminum project is likely to be about $1.2 billion. So when you combine that with additional growth projects as well as a minimal amount of maintenance capital. We’re likely to have total capital spending in 2024 from what we can see today, still around that $1.5 billion for the year.
Theresa Wagler: Cleve, just as a quick reminder. In the last several years, they have had domestically the consumers of aluminum sheet actually had to import about 20% of their needs, and that had high tariffs associated with that imported costs. So there is definitely room for just 630,000 tons of additional supply.
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, this is Theresa. Thanks for the question. So we – generally, we don’t give guidance as it relates to specifics on shipments. And if you look historically, the third quarter is going to be generally the strongest shipment quarter. that we have in shipments for steel simply because of seasonality. Sinton is going to be down for July. We are still running the coal mill and the value add lines, which will help to place some of the lost volume. But we’re likely to have lost volume of anywhere between 50,000 and 70,000 tons of total steel shipments as it relates to the sheer outage in July. Other than that, we really can’t give you any additional guidance, but as Mark mentioned, the backlogs across the steel platform are very strong and order activity has been very good.
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, we can’t give specific pricing related to the commercial teams would be after me. So, I think what we have said about pricing for fabrication is that the pricing has been very resilient. We have strong pricing in the backlog, but we did mention that there are expectations that pricing on average from – compared to the first half of the year, pricing on average for the second half of the year is likely to be down 10% to 15%, but we do believe pricing is stable, and it’s been very resilient.
Theresa Wagler: No, Carlos. I would say that Mark – what Mark said is that we are going to have kind of an even pace we expect of ramp-up in the second half of this year for 2023 to get up to that 80%. But then we will reach the 100% of capacity very quickly in 2024.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks Bill. So, the biocarbon facility is actually going really well. The teams have done a lot of groundwork already. The major equipment is either has been ordered or is on order and some of it is actually going to be received fairly shortly. So, the team is doing a phenomenal job. I am very proud of them in Mississippi and the expectations are that it will start before the end of 2024. There is nothing left to prove as far as the product itself. There is a facility in Marquette, Michigan that Aymium operates, which is the technology provider. And we have tested the product extensively, both for injection and charge carbon. So, we don’t have any expectations for anything other than a wonderful product that we can replace eventually 100% or a very large portion thereof of our anthracite usage going forward. So, everything is going really, really well.
Theresa Wagler: Let me address the cost of the bio facility and then Barry and Mark can take the galvanizing pricing question. We believe that we are still kind of fine point on it, but it’s likely to cost somewhere between $200 million and $230 million for the entire project. But remember, it is a joint venture that we have with Aymium. And so we have 75% ownership of the facility and Aymium has 25% of the facility.
Barry Schneider: Yes, this is Barry. I’d just like to comment that those bearing issues we talked about at the tail end of last year, our teams mitigated most of the effects of that. We have a supply chain now that is both a more robust design and a more robust supply chain. So we’re really excited about the quality improvements and really the reliability of those casting segment parts. We believe our long-term plans, we kind of approached it with several different prongs. And all of them are really being successful and it’s to the point now that we can manage it very well and we’re operating at full capacity, as Marc spoke, all capabilities of the machine right now are in place. So we believe long-term, that’s going to be not an issue going forward that it will just continue to be high reliability and continuing high quality.
Barry Schneider: Yes, that – we had a caster sheer issue just here at the beginning of July, not related to the bearing issue, perhaps as you mentioned with the casting machine. And it’s kind of a technical issue with the caster sheer. And suffice to say it’s large parts that we wanted to make sure we had put in properly and we are taking this opportunity to address a couple of other issues, but we anticipate that facility being up and operational in the next few days. Our team has done a phenomenal job for working together and getting the scope of a project. We’re super excited. Mark and I were down there for moral support, definitely not getting in the way of the guys making the repairs. But great to see this team just really owning their technology and bringing it forward. So we anticipate this problem to be behind us. And we think we’ve put in really good things to mitigate any future failures that are similar to this.
Barry Schneider: Timna, this is Barry. We are anticipating bringing the new coding and the galvanizing lines, paint lines on at the end of the year. But I wouldn’t expect any kind of a significant contribution to shipment still going into 2024. But the lines are constructing very well. There continues to be supply chain issues with certain parts of the construction, but we are resolving those and mitigating them and moving stuff, teams are very active in manned up. So, we look forward to bringing these lines on, but it will be near the end of the year.
Barry Schneider: Yes. Timna, this is Barry again. We have been doing quite a bit of shipments into Mexico this year. Sin is uniquely – the capabilities of Sin are sitting are unique for what the Mexican markets are. So, being able to get some heavier gauge products and wider products down there has been a very good place for us to develop relationships. So, we have been down in shipping to Mexico for a long time, but significantly so in the first half of this year and we continue to do more of that, especially through our campus partners at the Sinton facility. So, we see that as a really good business and continuing to grow forward.
Barry Schneider: John, this is Barry. As far as product dimensions, we have explored everything that we believe we needed to do. So, we are doing light gauge to heavy stuff, full with the products. We have done many different of the metallurgical needs from vacuum degas products all the way up through the range of different steels we would make. We are minded to do automotive there, but those types of trials require us to really get an idea of what our line capabilities are. So, we are doing those. We are doing the same with the API type products. And that requires us to have confidence in the data so that we design the best products to go into trials. We do have customers in both areas taking material. So, we are doing it in a very controlled manner to make sure that again, we are understanding the unique capabilities that Sinton has. So, at this point, the broad swath of products, we have done something for almost every single thing we hope to sell. And it’s more about getting more data, getting more characteristics from how we produce those things. And at the same time, establishing those internal, how we process things is very important. Just this week, the ISO certification audits are going on. So, it’s very important that we do this as our customers expect. But right now, good progress. We are excited by it and we will look to optimize each of our units. So, we have always had a very diverse order book so that we have many small markets that we can participate in. So, we are focused on making sure that we are feeding all of the different buckets, keeping all of our lines operational as we ramp up and bring these new coating lines online. So, it’s a very controlled structure, and we are trying to be very respected to the customer base that’s very anxious to receive these products.
