Keith Busse: All right. Down a little bit where we've been. And when you look at converts, if you think about the converts, its equity, it's nigh-on 45 55, so going in the right direction.
Keith Busse: At the end of June, order entry started to head downward. And just recently again, it started to pick back up. So you might say it reached the bottom of the dip for us somewhere around the early part of July.
Keith Busse: That's just flat rolled. Order entry elsewhere has been pretty good. Actually, pretty steady, at Structural backlog being higher. It's been fairly good in the second quarter from an order entry perspective. Clearly, as you heard Dick talking about SBQ, talking to people about first and second quarter of 2012, backlogs Steel West of Virginia are excellent shape, that team is doing a great job. We're turning out a profit, with fairly healthy volumes in their backlog. And Roanoke's backlog hadn't changed a lot but it usually doesn't. And we do anticipate Roanoke probably making a little bit more money in Q3 than they did Q2 with the backlogs are essentially unchanged there.
Keith Busse: Dick, I think, will be able to better speak from that. I have not heard that our team has been impacted at all by RG at this point in time. Obviously, some results impact just starting to be felt whatever it is, but I don't know that we've encountered them in the market, but I wouldn't say it's all that impactful. Dick, you might better comment on that.
Keith Busse: Well, not a lot has changed as we talked. We only have 11 directors, so you only need 6 votes. But we would like to see uniformity. But I think if you took the board's temperature today, it's improving. I think they're becoming more positive about the project. I don't think it has anything to do with its impact on Butler. Market studies would show that there's very little impact to Butler. Financially, it's certainly affordable, still in the billion-dollar range. It's not going to come online to 2014. As we've said earlier, that ought to be an entirely different economic climate than we're seeing today, much easier to fit into with hopefully demand and well in excess of 100 million tons. Still growing today, albeit slowly but growing. So it's -- I think their concern like any other directors' concern is more about where is the nation heading. And what are the barriers to continued success and continued expansion of our economy. And I think everybody's getting a little uptight and paranoid as they ought to be about the level of indebtedness, the inability to find a compromise on those issues, to get to a balanced budget kind of environment. I think there's get a lot of conversation about stimulating the economy with a corporate tax rate decline, things that actually might stimulate the economy. So if there's anything related to the other project, which is a couple years off, there's more to do with the economic climate at hand than anything. People are talking about double-dip. I'm still not a guy convinced that that's going to happen. I think slow steady, maybe yet uneven growth is out there, but it's going to be growth I think. And so I think it will be a topic that's discussed a lot again here in our August meeting and we'll let you know if there's any seachange at that point in time. As to your questions on CapEx for Nugget whatnot, and where that project is going, and when we might achieve success and what might that mean for additional capital expenditures down the road, I'll let Mark speak to that.
Keith Busse: Well, Brett, I don't think there's so much -- they may curtail us on a very, very hot day. We're under some strain and some pressure here and there, but it's more about the price of power. We're already seeing squeezed margins on pricing in relation to input costs that the principally scrapped and some iron content, but clearly, when the price power goes crazy and you can buy through and it's up $100 a ton, you're not going to do it. You start to take yourself into a loss position potentially. So it's more about us not wanting to run perhaps than it is not being allowed to run. Dick, is that...
Keith Busse: And as Dick pointed out, that probably fits our order entry pattern from 3 or 4 weeks ago pretty well.
Keith Busse: They're probably more retail yards than they are -- yards that'd have, necessarily an investment -- they wouldn't have shredders, and I'm sure they wouldn't have a bailer.
Keith Busse: Well, I'll take a wing at that. From a price increase standpoint, It's on call minimal but we have a lot of pricing mechanisms that are in place, and those follow either market indices or in a trailing manner. And some of them also, needless to say, are spot purchases and those are the ones that are affected by price increases. And one of our competitors just rolled out price increases effective November 1, trying to give everyone opportunity to recognize the requirements and do some planning. And, of course, we follow any of those and lead some of them ourselves. So yes, we're taking advantage of every pricing increase opportunity we have available to us, but it doesn't affect even 50% of our tonnage of shipments. As far as split between small and large diameter bars, and we really look at it 3 ways, small, medium and large, we don't do a lot of large bar product. The biggest that we can roll round is about a 9-inch, but we don't get the reduction required for quality purposes until we get down about 6.5 inches, 6 3/8-inch bar. And so large bar is a very minimal amount of our tonnages, on an annual basis, maybe 15,000 tons or so. So we don't recognize this as large. Medium, I would tell you, is the largest portion of our shipments, in a year, maybe 300,000 tons, 275,000 tons would be achieved. And our small bar, we don't get down to smallest normally that the mill is capable of because we have such a good medium section market, and we probably ship about 175,000 to 200,000 tons of small bar diameters.
Keith Busse: Michelle, I think the scram, I would agree with Mark that, that is a possibility later this year, reiterating stock quarter or perhaps a month. But the effective of scram mining and those input costs on a JV basis could be material. With that same considered volume that Mark just spoke about, that the impact of scram would be substantial and could make it very comfortable.
Keith Busse: No, as Mark said, we need a client in which we have a proven technology, intel and a mining permit that could drive profitability. If we have the promise of a permit coupled with scram mining, that's a pretty easy decision but you have to get there first.
Keith Busse: Mike, I'll also tell you that we like the margins, but our peers haven't been able to do any better. If you look at the average scrap bottom line from other providers, we've been as good as, if not better, throughout these last 3 or 4 year cycles. So not that we're proud of that, but we're certainly, as you heard Mark talk about all the things we're trying to do better, have a better opportunity going forward and hopefully and a better market.
Keith Busse: Yes, I think that's right on the money kind of commentary. We -- I think buy better than our peers do because of our position and the leverage we have which then does benefit the most.
Keith Busse: I don't think imports are much of a factor. And I think with continued help in the automobile universe, the agricultural, the appliance, the transportation equipment environment, the yellow iron business. Those markets remain fairly even to increasing. The rough market is construction and obviously with all the squabbling in Washington very few federal dollars available today for some needed infrastructure projects. So as you heard so many times before it is -- it is the lack of any emphasis by the business community to invest, and I think that will come in time but there's a reluctance there now, and you couple that with infrastructure activity that's pretty low ebb right now. I think it just continually creates a very lackluster construction environment, which could drive entirely different results almost for every business unit but certainly impacting structure more than any.
Keith Busse: I think clearly, being a spot producer, we saw some benefit earlier and then perhaps, others in the industry saw and have really good first quarter results. I think we maintain that those good results into the second quarter. I think our challenging quarter is going to be the third quarter. And we might actually see a better fourth quarter than we see certainly a third quarter, I think. I think the last time we said fairly solid, I was interpreting it to be about the same, and everybody wrote about something a little bit higher and fairly solid addresses your point of view, Timna, today, within the margin squeeze. But for those who think we're going to fall off the end of the earth and have a loss, it's certainly not the case. We're going to report a respectable profit. It'll be lower, I believe that in the 40s or be in the 30s. As I said, I don't have precise guidance there, but it won't be as strong as $0.43 or $0.46, I'm pretty sure of that. In spite of the environment, it will be okay. And it does address that margin squeeze that you wrote about, the others have written about.
Keith Busse: We had a pretty good first quarter as Mark said, and a little bit disappointing second quarter. We'll probably have a better third quarter, how much better remains to be seen and that's where the visibility is yet, but we're kind of forecasting it's going to be a little better.
Keith Busse: You heard me say earlier, I think there's really some doubling this in the recycling universe perhaps, in August, September, maybe it's September, October, I don't know. But it will strengthen again by year-end, but there will be some window of opportunity there that made up of better recycling cost with improving steel pricing that produce potentially a better fourth quarter.
Keith Busse: You heard me talk about all the markets and how I thought they'd respond going forward, I really don't think that's going to change a lot. I think they are the driver. The other thing is inventories are fairly low. We must constantly be reminded and the service centers wouldn't tell you anything different. They're talking about 2.4 months of inventory on hand or a number like that, they really maybe talking about 1.4 or 5 months of inventory on hand, because of the slow-moving nature of some of that inventory to obsolete nature of it. So you're getting pretty close to the best site. We're not dealing with excessive inventory out there, and we don't expect anybody to majorly restock. We're just expected to be even keel kind of order entry.
Keith Busse: I would guess steel volume is going to be off a little bit because of the impact of the June SAG and order entry at least on Flat Roll and the power curtailments. The power curtailments would likewise apply to other operating units, not so much to their backlog but could -- so I would expect that we are expecting steel production and shipments to sag somewhat in the third quarter.
Keith Busse: It certainly would in the fourth quarter, I think. I think we'll have better opportunities for a wide variety of reasons. Hopefully, we'll have this national paralyzing calamity behind us and more positive consumer sentiment. I don't think the rate of our builds will decline, I think that momentum will be maintained. I think the transportation market is going to remain good. [indiscernible] I don't expect that -- and with service centers not having a lot of inventory being in a -- or less steady mode of buying, you're going to have some periods of uneveness in order entries. People play the psychology of what scrap doing. We going to buy today or tomorrow kind of thing, but I think -- I actually believe we'll have a better fourth quarter. I have yet to shape up the material [ph], but that's my personal belief.
Keith Busse: I don't think the earnings is trying to go back to the third quarter of last year. It's going to be a change of that magnitude. But given how weak they were on the second quarter, you could see an improvement surely I think in the third quarter. But it's not going to bounce back into the $40-million income.
Keith Busse: Well, that's for us. We can't speak for the industry, and I think I followed up by saying the overall average we might be down when you consider all of our operating ends is $40 to $45.
Keith Busse: Well, lead times are fairly short, but yes, there actually would be some lag, and you have to understand that most of the conversations we all agreed about is always hot roll, hot roll, hot roll which is less than half our business. Some of the other value-added markets aren't impacted quite as severely as hot role, especially as you read about it in the American metal market every day. And as Dick pointed out, We're not the guys that tend to reach that bottom as fast and furiously as some others do.
Keith Busse: Well, it could certainly be a reason for a period when your order entry is a little weaker than it had been if there's no change in economic climate. But that's hard to know. I would tell you, we're not -- our sales people although they're [indiscernible] we're getting [indiscernible] from RG. It's not have been an impact full of that in the real world in St. Louis, Missouri.
Keith Busse: Well, I don't know that they'll go down a lot in August, but I think -- what I think the bills kind of turned up your nose a little bit, you might say in July. That normally is an up market, and it sort of just went sideways to up a little, but demand has weakened. It's not just our order book that's a little uneven. I think it's weakened at other shops as well. So there's not quite the appetite. But I don't know that there's going to be any $100 sell off, scrap either, but it might directionally go down a little bit in August, maybe a little bit more in September, but I think the team can adjust for that from the buy-side perspective. But there's not going to be $100 climb in scrap costs although to get some of these margins back, you need something more than $20 or something, but who knows what's it's really going to hold out.
Keith Busse: The third party would have an interest in it, we think, because it would be priced better than new concentrate coming out of Cliffs side operation. It has a cost advantage and probably a pricing advantage, so it would not be hard to liquidate that at a fairly effective level of profitability.
Keith Busse: Well, I think we have but I think the binoculars for that are a little bit better structure. Backlog is certainly better order entry of fabrication.
Keith Busse: I would tell you, it's more of an anticipation right now in reality. And yes, there are levels in which we wouldn't chase the duck on the pond anymore.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Jim. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. It's one of the longer sessions we've had, good questions. We certainly appreciate the coverage you give the company and the support that you give the company. But more importantly, we certainly appreciate the support our employees give this company. We have a fabulous group of young men and women that work for this company, produce stellar results quarter in and quarter out. We thank you for your efforts. That concludes our remarks.
Richard Teets: I would just build on that, that the -- let me say, with our tax being in our sourcing opportunity from the outside, we do have run into -- -- RG with them as a supplier on a minimum basis, and I do see some product from [indiscernible] but it's not -- we don't see it as a downward pressure. At this moment, it's more a little more talk than there is impact at this moment. But they're real, and they'll be dealt with.
Richard Teets: And these are midday to 8:00 to 9:00 at night issues curtailed yesterday or they may get curtailed today. I mean, we're forecasting mid-90s here in Indiana, and that it's a possibility. But this week, it's going to be a hot week, but hopefully that things will cool off, and we'll get back to more normalcy here. Though it's not a third quarter major issue, right now it's a July.
Richard Teets: Well, I think, also you're looking at it from reported numbers and so forth. And I must say that our follow-up operation is not taking the price down to the levels which you [indiscernible] and able to read about in the press, and so that's what's going to dampen the overall swing.
Richard Teets: In fact, we don't have a head hardened process for considered premium rail. Our standard rail products are priced very competitively in the marketplace. We're still gaining market share and there's cost to that. So therefore, there is not a huge big difference between that and the structural side, but we do gain from the volume compression and all of the efficiencies used for the shops through that reduction. As we become efficient, it raised our productivity, and we've made major strides here. That will definitely positively impact our earnings on a per ton basis on the rail product.
Richard Teets: This year, as I said, the year-to-date, that's their half a year, basically, got 60,000 tons under our belt, and we talk around 150,000 tons for the year was our forecast at the end of last year. And needless to say going forward, we expect that to climb.
Mark Millett: I think from -- our best guess for the permit for the mining up in Minnesota, we would hope to get a permit probably by the end of 2012, so that we actually start construction of the mine in 2013. So I think we have $150 million allocated or approved for that. But that's not a 2013 type expenditure. Obviously, the expansion of Mesabi Nugget itself into module 2 or 3, we wouldn't necessarily entertain that until we do have a concentrated supply, sort of almost empty. Relative to the scram mining of the tailings basin as I suggested earlier, we're exploring that. That could be perhaps a $40 million to $50 million expenditure, and if we go forward, it would be kind of a Q4 of this year going into first half of next year.
Mark Millett: We have a contractual supply from Cliffs for this year and next year, but it would be the intent to have the scram mining supply all our needs in 2013 and '14.
Mark Millett: Well, they're new locations and so its customer by customer by customer. The actual volume, right at this second, Luke, I wouldn't be able to give you a precise number.
Mark Millett: These yards with the essentially no real equipment, at least, their processing equipment and our focus on higher margin. If you look at your margin, material margins through our various material streams, obviously, brokerage is the slimmest. You may make $5, $6, $7 a ton or so on brokerage. And industrial accounts today for prompt scrap, it's very, very competitive, you can make $15 to $20 a ton perhaps. Retail remains absolute scrap. Retail remains the larger margin opportunity for us. So we're going to exploit that arena. With the feeder yards or the retail yards , obviously, the intent would be at a later date as the volume grows and processing depending on the experience of the volume.
Mark Millett: Well, I think Columbus itself, Michelle, is not going to be a massive enough change to dry the market. I think just the prime market in general is going to be under pressure. Obviously, the manufacturing -- domestic manufacturing is down. Prime scrap is not being generated at the same volumes as we've historically seen, and the mills' inventories today on the prime side are pretty tight. So I think prime scrap [indiscernible] is kind of the volatile agent and it's just the overall demand is going to drive the pricing, not just Semicore itself.
Mark Millett: I Appreciate your thought on the longer-term horizon as opposed to what we're doing next week, so to speak. Because, again, just as Iron Dynamics was our pioneering effort, that was a long-term vision. It's come to fruit, and we're benefiting from it today as we benefit from Mesabi Nugget.
Mark Millett: I think what we have said in the last couple of calls, and I will sort of reiterate, as long as we can get some volumes over the next few months, we would hope to present a monthly basis. It won't be the whole fourth quarter. But we would hope to get a month under our belt yet this year as sort of breakeven level.
Mark Millett: Sorry, Michelle, just one added piece of color. If we're willing to go positive or barely breakeven here, yet this year, we're probably going to see early next year as it turns slightly negative as high concentrate cost hit us. And then, hopefully, the volume will kick in and we will be positive again.
Mark Millett: I think, if you look at our recycle business, as I said earlier, the team has done a phenomenal job at getting volumes back both from the non-ferrous side and the ferrous side to the '06, '07, '08 to the historic highs for the recycle industry. And as you rightly point out, we're not getting the earnings from that. That is essentially -- and online has been driven by the squeezed metal spread between our ability to buy scrap for the shredders in particular, as compared to selling prices to steel mills. And hence, our focus on increasing that margin. And we're doing that in several different ways, the downstream separation of non-ferrous from the ASR, that can appreciably improve our margin, the rebranding and expansion of our retail activity, again it's to drive or shift our input from low margin sources at higher margin retail, focus on producing value-added parts, the low copper gamma shred and other products that we can sort of get into niche markets and improve our margin. But it's the -- fundamentally, the competition for feedstock is coming from 2 sources. One is the export market. We're exporting 22 to 24 million tons a year today as opposed on an annualized basis, as opposed to 10 to 12 million tons in the past. And there's been a prolific increase in shredded capacity. We would calculate some 60%, 65% increase in shredding capacity over the last perhaps 6 years. Everyone pushing or everyone competing for a very defined reservoir of scrap. I think as markets come and go, you'll see that over the next 3 or 4 years, a lot of these new shredders are probably going to suffer. In fact, they're suffering today, and so there might be opportunities to acquire or otherwise rationalize that market and quite possibly margins will come back just from that itself, but that's a 3, 4, 5, 6 year sort of outlook.
Mark Millett: Correct. The only real export was on the non-ferrous side, probably I would say 15%, maybe 20% of our non-ferrous gets exported. And I guess just one closing comment on the impact or potential upside to our steel mills. As Keith said, on scrap transferring across in said market but given the position of scrap we have going to our steel mills, our own scrap, it does allow us to leverage our third-party buys a little and perhaps we can trim $2 or $3 a ton off those tons and obviously, having a good control of the supply here of the material supply chain, we are able to control and have been controlling our inventory of steel mills, which tends to give us a little better position from a working capital perspective.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess, Timna, if you could give us a crystal ball, tell us where the covered market, stainless market, aluminum market, the first market is going, we'll give you that forecast. Obviously, I think it's frustrating for us all here at the table and that it's such a difficult business to be able to forecast and get your hands around, because its commodity driven. And in up markets, we're going to do well. And in down markets, we're not going to do as well. We've got no greater visibility as to what those markets are doing than yourself.
Mark Millett: It all depends on where directionally where the markets go. On copper, we keep a flat book. We have a little hedge in the aluminum world. We don't hedge on the stainless world. It all depends on where the markets move. And our visibility seemingly the recent the year or 2, its visibility is only a couple of weeks ahead.
Mark Millett: In the recycling world, I would suggest that. But again, I think if you looked historically, you bump off pretty weak because order shots and tops up. As Keith said earlier, we're seeing potentially a softer market in August and September, and again in the commodity business in which we live, the market doesn't bode well for great earnings.
Mark Millett: Again, as we said earlier, the intent would be to own a facility that would satisfy our appetite. Our appetite is going to be roughly 800,000 tons a year once Mesabi Nugget is in full swing. We are looking, at this is kind of a bridge, to bridge the time between now and when we make our own full-scale mining in hand. Relative to the reserves, there are a huge number of basins, and I wouldn't be able to quantify the hundreds of thousands of tons of concentrate up there that's available. But there's a significant availability of concentrate from this source. Relative to the permitting, scram mining by definition is kind of recovery of past mined material and at least the Magnetation has successfully permitted, I think, 2, maybe 3 reserves in relatively short order.
Mark Millett: I doubt that Cliffs would have enough concentrate available to solely supply Mesabi Nugget at 800,000 ton a year annualized rate. Again, one has to remember, we've been operating and will continue to operate here through the end of 2012 for sure on a myriad of different sources. We have some inventory that's left over from our relationship with QCM. We have a steady supply coming in from Magnetation, and we've augmented -- although it's augment the Cliffs' supply. The intent would be to transition from that combination to a Magnetation type product.
Mark Millett: No. The intent would be -- and presuming this a good iron market out there, one could envision that, that consider to produce concentrate and be sold into the upper market.
Mark Millett: Again, no great crystal ball, but the obsolete flow is at least strong out there, and the prime scrap flow has to be constrained. So one would think that they'll be greater divergence.
