Mark Millett: Luke, on the actual volumes on the SBQ side, Dick probable could give a little clearer picture, but I think all our markets the SVQ arena is a little more lengthy and a little flat, I would tell you. Things that have maybe picked up just ahead the last couple of weeks, but I think mainly the customer base is just patching holes at the present time. Dick, any thoughts on the -- versus…
Mark Millett: I think it’s -- emblematic or testament to the strategy because we've had since the very beginning to diversify our product mix across many products and market sectors as we possibly can and I think seeing the benefit of that right now and obviously when the market returns there is going to be leverage that to greater profitability. But Luke I think you also mentioned that the general market and I think the markets remain somewhat mixed, but in aggregate, incremental demand growth remains intact. As we stated automotive continues to dominate. Truck trailing and material handling are actually having a peak year. Energy is almost stagnant, but we see manufacturing is solid. Residential is recovered and non-residential construction continues to rebound. I think its testament to our new millennium billing systems platform, which had a record second quarter. Their quarter activity continues to be very strong. Backlogs are suggesting another very strong year for us and so in general as the construction markets come back, I think we have considerable leverage to that because we've got about 1.5 million tons of latent unused volume that is highly correlated to that non-residential construction. I think customers are affirming sort of active demand, but right now are still reluctant to take inventory positions until I see more market transparency. They just don't want to take it in good position. As I think you just saw inventory destocking is slow, we sold I think it was the fifth month in a row of slight destocking. They were around about 2.6 months on hand today. Higher sure than last year, but slowly, slowly trending there and that destocking, I think is obviously positive for us.
Mark Millett: Yeah I think, we continue to say for a long time now that demand truly has incrementally grown and that underlying demand was there, which is that we had a slow imports coming in kind of the February, January, February, March timeframe and that just suffocated the market for Columbus in particular because they’re obviously exposed to the Huston import arena. I think we’re incredibly excited though the Columbus team is doing incredibly well. I think the collaboration between Butler and Columbus teams is incredible and it really is growing fruit. As Dick said our value-added shipments have grown quite significantly and we made great strides in quality there and are regaining a lot of the customers that another ones had. We’re also leveraging our existing customer base. We have some promise that we had great working relationship over the years and their volumes have picked up dramatically and New Millennium building products also has been sourcing more steel from the Columbus.
Mark Millett: Yeah there’s nothing that we see that should change the volume profile and in fact I would consider that volume profile appreciating and I think just generally with good volume, I think in turn was with margin expansion it's a positive. I think imports even though imports June, July are incredibly simple I would say, domestic pricing through the first quarter and into May declined dramatically and kind of eroded the spread and when we saw a slight decline in the import number. That is the increase. Unfortunately China’s profits price dramatically and dropped by about 18% in May and the import number today is probably $390, but I think because the global spread has mitigated somewhat, I think that the trade case success will certainly bring things to a greater -- a more level playing field and the continued inventory destocking and alignment is going to help the supply demand balance to our favor. Automotive will be strong, construction is growing, manufacturing is good. You never know. Maybe the politicians will come through finally and do some infrastructure build, which will be very, very positive too. So I think there’s a climate for short, stabilized, slightly appreciating pricing and at the same time raw material costs scrapped in particular I think is selling on a trend more unlikely than you got a iron ore supply all today I think is round about $50ish and will remain low and that’s going to draw scrap down. Strong dollar is going to continue to impede exports. The billet pricing, global billet pricing is very, very low and therefore that will help that also. You got solid scrap flows, absolute flow has come back pretty well, a prompt flow due to the strong automotive production is incredible I would suggest and nuclear is that going to market with inline supplying some other mills. So I think we’ve got an environment whereby raw material pricing is at minimum high most likely banned and you have some appreciation drivers for pricing. So I think from a second math perspective, we’re still optimistic.
Mark Millett: I think the domestic pricing kind of over corrected to some degree and I was pretty back in April, May pretty confident that you could see some metal price increase. With them coming down even further, that’s almost going to be a headwind and put pressure on pricing. But the -- you can see a $500 or $480 number domestically. I think that is more than reasonable particularly when you have the potential trade case kicking in next month or two well June second quarter it’s going to have more and more of an affect.
Mark Millett: I’m not so sure we’re going to go through each mill, but the principle players obviously are Butler and Columbus and they are in a three to four week run, and the balance that's where we typically hold that backlog through the cycle in good times or bad times to be honest. So we’re quite happy obviously with little more price, but nonetheless backlog and lead time there is on target.
Mark Millett: Well, I’m not sure, but a clarity than anyone else, but I do believe you’ve got a -- you still have a sort of imports still on the dark side and that is kind of slowing or is a resistance to the destocking. We certainly just from the order profile that with people patching holes, they're certainly not taking positions yet and just also the possible sentiment in our discussions but it just slow drill down but it will continue.
Mark Millett: I think the other thing that the service center industry in general is essentially taken advantage of the situation, I don’t blame them, but times have been short, but they're increasing. And also on the structural side, rolling schedules, I do believe have been shortened hours and that allows that sector to be well closer to the jet so to speak on inventory and on ordering. So they're ordering almost on a just in time type basis.
Mark Millett: I would tell you that I don't see it right now. From a pricing perspective, I think it’s a little bit longer term. I think it has a real meaningful impact to us because it gives commerce department greater clarity and gives us a greater opportunity to be more expeditious in our trade case filings and so forth coming up. So I think there is a lot of benefit to our industry and other industries and like situations, but right now from a direct impact on crude products or in upcoming cold rolled or hot rolled load cases, ultimately it may influence that final determination which would be in 2016 and so forth. but not in our short term quarter to quarter results that there will be nothing there for us right now.
Mark Millett: You mentioned 15, I don’t know where the 15 came from, but I would say we’re absolutely confident that the earning profile of the Columbus mill has every bit more surpass equal or surpass the butler mill with the changes that we’re doing. Again as I said earlier, the cap collaboration of the butler and the Columbus teams brining actually benefits to build both locations, but certainly has brought great quality, great thought diversification of capabilities there. The synergies, the near-term synergies that we advertised through 2015 are intact and the week before last, the team is incredibly focused and passionate and have a lot of opportunity to further decrease the cost structure. Obviously as we withstand the value add quoted output that's going to bring our margins up appreciably and got to believe and painted the expansion that we announced is going to be a major catalyst I think to greater earnings there and to greater diversification in great times and also improved profitability in the troughs.
Mark Millett: Well, I think there is certainly in recent years been a market shift. Obviously if you go back a number of years, there was pretty fragmented market. Today there are essentially three players, Nucor has ramped up is got lion’s share of the market was second and then Canam is another principal players, but there are couple of other little organizations out there. So I think the industry has changed. It's allowed stronger spreads, stronger margin on a per ton basis. The team I think has done a phenomenal job in recent years positioning New Millennium for this expected growth. We have a national footprint and we're leveraging that incredibly well across the country. As I think the earnings profile long-term is high highs and high lows for that business.
Mark Millett: I think Timna we kind of answered that, applicable probably is no greater than most, but in case of supply and demand, the supply side we think in Americas for the second half is going to target imports will mitigate a little. Entry is certainly coming down and the trade cases should put us on a more level playing field from a pricing standpoint. So I think those three in concert will certainly give or drive us for price appreciation.
Mark Millett: So that being said imports is the headwind and I think if you look at SBI, we're incredibly well positioned across the whole steel space. We have organic growth. We have latent volume that we can capitalize on as the construction markets come back. So even in status quo, I think we're going to continue to take more.
Mark Millett: I think if you look at the steel consuming economy and everyone at least when you got blinkers on in all business, its more just because profitability isn’t where we would like to see it. But from the standpoint of the American economy it's strong. If you look at the steel consuming economy, it's strong, but we're consuming around about 120, 125 million tons on pace right now. The demand is there. I saw the three headwinds is the import issue. The premises would be to increase utilization in increased volume domestically would have to be that the imports mitigate to some degree. You've got a continued slight increase in demand with a erosion of imports and that would give you greater utilization in America.
Mark Millett: Again our order book and our bidding rate is still very strong and must assure certainly we see huge strong second half. Relative to structural, I think our actual order of structural beams in the second half were slightly off. Our actual market share relative to domestic produces actually increased because imports have been just progressively successfully increasing quarter-over-quarter.
Mark Millett: Well I guess the broad numbers would suggest that Michael. I think we are -- we don't necessarily specifically culprit that or analyze it on a very specific month by month basis. But I would say, yes we're picking up market share at a what I would consider a reasonable selling value without sacrificing profitability on margin necessarily due to additional volume.
Mark Millett: Well, I'll let Russ give you some color, but I think we don’t see any massive shift downwards like another $100 or anything crazy, but Russ do you think a general erosion.
Mark Millett: The tax is a million tons. We're going to give you the exact numbers that we report here I think the way Theresa would like to…
Mark Millett: We are positively inclined but we’re able to stick to zero passage by the ITC in the commerce department we'll be scheduled to at least or scheduled to from account and duty perspective, give a ruling and late in August. Now again I’ll tell you, they're understaffed and so many times they delay that and so forth. But I think we have a very, very strong case on the coated products and it will only get stronger as people start reporting their earnings for the second quarter.
Mark Millett: I think the problems that shifted last year there tended to be a lot of big bulk warehouse Amazon type construction that shifted to more institutional I do believe today and it's across a broader spectrum of construction segments. So it gives us optimism, but it’s sustainable and again, we have certainly a plethora of bidding, engineering backlog on the tables. So we continue to see a strong market.
Mark Millett: While we like quality. John I think you raised a good point, but again that's a big step to take. We’ve got some loyal dedicated employees doing some great things there and the improvement that we would see is I don’t think will be massive, but…
Mark Millett: Well John I had seen the $100, I saw like $202 and I was doing my calculations going back through the metrics and beating on Russ and trying to figure out how I get lower cost scrap and strap in Roanoke and to compete because I’m after them to trying to figure out how to move some billets little less extensively and so forth. But I’ve never seen the $100 number and even $200 is the stressing, with the $202 or $210. So again I don’t know how to even say on that. Again we were pressed to bring in Chinese coils to the text to quote and we had a customer who demanded it and when a customer demands it and it’s only part of the portfolio, originally I had said no, but I didn’t want to jeopardize the value of that customer's business. It’s been long standing and we had our tough times supplying any other reasonably priced products. I was willing to take a hit on certain amount of the product, but then truth be told, after -- it was after Sparrow's Point went away and the light gauge became a tighter market and people -- it was a tough time to find the product, when we brought some in and think goodness it's been run really well and the customer wasn’t happy with the supply, but they're the ones who source it. So it wasn’t us, but even that was the stressing, but I justified it because it kept our employee working and earning bonus and so forth, but any kind you start dabbling in that world you start worrying about me. I worry about the appropriateness of it because I’m finding them every day in Washington through trade cases and so forth and how would I look to that was an importer of the same product and my customers not to enjoy the benefits of the cheap steel.
Mark Millett: We're not looking for the subsidy. We want the fair trade and we want to compete on the basis of what we do well and so we haven’t considered that.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, Phil as we spoke in the past, I think we frequently assess our cash allocation. We're blessed to have a phenomenal team doing phenomenal things in a challenging market and our cash generation remains incredibly strong and it’s to your point what do we do with it. From a balance sheet standpoint its net leverage is under $2.4 million. We got liquidity of $1.6 million and so we got phenomenal foundation to grow. We will continue to consider to opportunities but, first going back to early this year, obviously we increased our dividend 20% or so, but to obviously with some of our value back to the shareholder. But from a growth standpoint, we continue to look at organic opportunities there. I would say few from a standpoint of capitalizing on the assets, but Roanoke has access metal capping capability obviously arguably as some excess metal capability. And so we’re looking to optimize that and further diversifying and looking at that value-add sort of at that. On the MA front, I do believe there will be opportunities have been and will continue to be opportunities available to assess.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Brenda and again thank you, everyone. Just I guess to recap, SDI, I think is incredibly well positioned. We don’t manage to hope, but we try and control our destiny. Obviously the important arena is little bit out of our control maybe, but we’re certainly managing our business I think prudently. Low high variable cost structure and low fixed costs and highly divested product mix I think continues to generate strong cash flow through the cycle. I think we’ve clearly differentiate ourselves. We have consistently outperformed our peer group and we'll continue to do so. We've talked about the latent capacity that we're yet to unleash in our steel capacity in total energy about a million tons and we’ve got a million plus tons to truly leverage and are going to continue to capitalize on engineered bar expansion and our rail expansion and we’re going to continue to capitalize on the contact position going forward. So we continue to partner with our terrific customer base and we've got a phenomenal team, I believe is passionate is driving whole company toward a new level of excellence. So we're fully engaged, fully focused, fully passionate and fully optimistic about our future and certainly appreciate your support, but you've given us in the past and do so currently and hope be with us for our growth in the future. So thank you everyone.
Dick Teets: We really haven’t been the stated numbers and so forth and we are still in the start-up and is a very small market. We do report into our -- through the SMA and SVQ family, but we don’t report individual. But we are improving. We've gotten our precision mill working and delivering a great product out there and as you pointed out in your original statement thank goodness for the expansion in that because of the bigger bars have been the weakest of the products there. So it’s really come to play quite well.
Dick Teets: One other observation Mark is that some of our forging customers have basically given us a double size order, but they haven’t given us multiple month worth of order. So we're still trying to interpret that but we do believe that there is some strengthening, but they still have a reluctance to take along view of yet.
Dick Teets: Well, I don’t know that it was really the tonnage that was a big bounce back. We're very proud of the percentage of bounce back of the value-added I think is what Mark said because we've had the -- we're focused on additional customers, additional products, value added in particular.
Dick Teets: No, yeah very strong comments some of our larger service center accounts and they don’t have any concerns about the year so can’t give any color on it.
Dick Teets: I think just a clarification on coated products the prior countries, there are seven countries that supply more than 3% of the imports, that's the criteria, the benchmark for filing trade cases, two of them being in Canada and Mexico. And so they were two, the other five made up 67% of all imports and so when kind of availing duties are applied and dumping, it's hard to imagine how quickly that void will be created because no one is going to want to be caught having to owe those duties. So as soon as the preliminary duties are announced, it's going to become an interesting -- we already have traders looking for substitutes, but those that magically appear. It's a process.
Dick Teets: Well we’ve -- let’s say the text and again that’s not molding capacity but coating capacity and we're probably operating at about 70% to 75% of capacity and all three lines running at little less or little more than three crews worth. We're looking at addressing more on those lines by adding some new products and new opportunities there to boost it up. We're not sitting ideally by just limping along but we're excited about an opportunity there, but there is about 25% of texts and if we had, we actually said, that's about a million ton or some thousand. We would say that’s 200,000 tons of idle coating capacity and we do have some capacity down at Columbus, but others running too faster for months now. Right now we're down for a five-day outage. We pulled our maintenance outage ahead. It was supposed to be in October, but we found cracks on our melt shop -- our melt shop cranes and we're addressing those right now and so we won’t take maintenance outage again until the spring. And so we're pulling all of our larger products soon and so we're comfortable with that, but then we will be back and going full strength again. So there is no real capacity available at Butler.
Dick Teets: Yeah and again I think that again there will be a preliminary number possibly here by the end of August. So there is still time for some deliveries before that. And as we noted prices are still coming down, which mostly from the Chinese and so they’re in almost total disregard, which will not only improve the duty calculation in the very end to the final determinations, but I think that people are expecting is a delay in that ruling that may go. It’s theoretically it could be delayed until the end of December. And so they’re hoping and anticipating that delay and still get some tons in before the hammer calls and so that’s their right to do that, but once the anti-dumping act ruling comes, which is pretty firm in November, I think everything will firm up very quickly and no one will want to have steel on the water couple of weeks before either those two rulings.
Theresa Wagler: To your point, they did have over 100,000 ton increase in shipment and that was again just to the marketing pushback that Dick is talking about. So it was quite a bit on volume side as well.
Theresa Wagler: What you’re seeing in the quarter Brian is again a realignment on the scrap volume at the steel mills based on the improved utilization in the second quarter and a decreased scrap value. But going forward, there is still room for improvement. One example is that we still don’t necessarily have the finished goods volumes at Columbus where we’d like to see those. So there is different areas where we still think we can lift some additional cash from working capital but we feel pretty good about where we are. I wouldn't expect huge strings in the second half.
Theresa Wagler: I don’t think it’s unreasonable. I think it’s not unreasonable to say probably in the $50 million range.
Theresa Wagler: Matt, we're structurally different. If you look back to 2006, in 2006 we only had a couple of facilities in Indiana and in Florida and we had just added a couple of foreign acquisitions. Today we have six facilities that are throughout the United States. So structurally we have the ability to earn more as Mark said on a more sustainable basis. So I am suggesting not compare back to 2006 and 2007 timeframe.
Theresa Wagler: Given that we're looking at construction is somewhat being obviously the strongest timeframe and given that we've been ramping up the facilities over the last several years, I think that volume and appreciation is something that would be reasonable.
Theresa Wagler: So Mike, we have 7.2 million tons of total flat roll shipping capability and that includes detect, which if you think about it from that perspective, that’s about 1.8 million to 1.9 million tons per quarter and I think in the second quarter we had total shipments of just under 1.6. So you got 200,000 to 300,000 tons on a quarterly basis, but if you look first half to second half obviously the first quarter utilization was down significantly. So there is more already in the second half than that.
Theresa Wagler: From a volume perspective Phil, based on where the market would allow us, I think that we could see a second half that has pretty reasonable volumes and definitely higher than we've seen in the first half of this year.
Theresa Wagler: I would suggest that it wasn’t unbalanced to mix versus just lower pricing. We had lower pricing throughout in the mix. You're right, its flipped a little bit more the flat roll side equation, but I would say it was just more overall reduction pricing.
Theresa Wagler: So from a coding perspective, the tax has a million ton of galvanizing capability and at Butler we have 720,000 tons of galvanizing capability and 240,000 tons of painting capability. And at Jeffersonville, which we've included in the flat roll division results, we have an additional 300,000 tons of galvanizing and additional 190,000 tons of painting. And then at Columbus, we have about a little over a million tons of galvanizing capability and we will be adding the painting capability in 2017 and that will be about 250,000 tons of painting capability.
Theresa Wagler: The one thing I would add to that Andrew is that we’re at record strategy right now in the fabrication side of the equation. So you mentioned that in the last six quarters we keep seeing improved margins that weren’t just about the volume side of the equation. So we’ve been able to because of the strength of the market with prices that have stayed very steady and the raw material, which has been flat with steel has been declining. So that there’s really been a benefit there and I’m not sure that one should expect that we stay at record levels in the second half of the year necessarily, although I believe volume can more than offset that.
Russ Rinn: And in chemical products, our long products its mill direct shipments and don't even go to the service centers many cases.
Russ Rinn: I think the trend is definitely going to be down. I think you've got no exports. The strong dollars and limited exports and actually has encouraged some imports of scarp, which again is going to be really mean that excess scarp or scrap supply in the U.S. is going to be clinical, which logically puts pressure on the -- downward pressure on scrap price in the near term.
Russ Rinn: I think the question is what's reasonable. I think from this perspective reasonable would be maybe different than mine, but no, I think certainly there will be a downward price pressure in August and probably the next couple of months.
Russ Rinn: Well I don't know that we can point to a specific, but certainly we’ve taken some steps in idling some shredders or some shredders and closing some unprofitable yards down in the south. We've also done that in the Midwest. So we continue to focus on again adjusting our business levels and our business is what the market would allow us to operate profitably and we still got some more to do.
