Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. As always, we truly appreciate your time this morning and look forward to sharing our great start to the year. The entire SDI team drove an exceptional safety and operational performance. And event at 25 years, our innovative spirit prevails. Butler, our very first steel facility is still achieving a new record or new record production levels as are the Columbus, Structural and Rail and Engineered Bar divisions. We also received recognition from the Steel Manufacturers Association for last year's safety performance at our Columbus, Structural and Rail, Roanoke Bar and Techs Steel divisions, so congratulations to all the folks. But to begin this morning, Theresa will comment in more detail about our first quarter results.
Mark Millett: Novid, I think there is a sense of surprising comments right at the second. I would suggest, the order book obviously and the order input rate is strong, but no one is really panic of it. I do believe that you're correct, that there will be some tightness both from restraints on the flat rolled side and also the restraints on the imported pipe and tube, which will certainly tighten the hot-rolled coil market substantially.
Mark Millett: As a reminder to everyone, we obviously put in an expansion about two years ago now on the smaller diameter bar stock of about 250,000 tons to take that facility up to 950,000 tons of annual capability. So the present sort of marketing environment is now allowing us to fully capitalize on that. As I said earlier, we have 200,000 tons of available shipping capacity there, that’s being aided by a great job at the Structural mill and improving and getting their blooms into SBQ Engineered Bar quality status. And that will increase up to, as we say about 200,000 tons of annualize rate here in the coming months.
Mark Millett: Well, as the team sitting around the table would suggest, I’m never happy so probably at any level. But at one time when we were just a company of steel mills in a very strong market, our margins were mid to upper-20s, and I think to get back there would be a good step.
Mark Millett: No, as I said, I think generally there really is a calmness and a balance out there. And there certainly is an acceptance at this moment of time. As we mentioned coming May 1st or there about if the market would to turn dramatically that could change. And I think through the year with the demand growth that we're seeing and the just the fundamentals in the marketplace and with the expectation the imports that we'll receive in the summer months, I think there is a longevity for sure at the pricing levels that we see today. And I think more importantly it's just not a matter of prices as you recognized where our margin business. And I think with that pricing resilience on the sell-side and to the Russ's point, we see stability in the raw material side and the scrap market side. So, I think the earnings profile is going to be attractive for the rest of the year.
Mark Millett: I don't think anything has changed. I think the pipeline of opportunities is still there. There are opportunities that the team is working diligently on. As we said in the past, we are taking a great disciplined approach. We're not going to be impatient or impulsive in anyway just because we had a very strong balance sheet. But the expectation will be that we will have transactional growth to complement the organic growth that we've already stated.
Mark Millett: Again, our position there, Brett, has not changed. We’re very, very comfortable with the raw material supply profile we have in place today. OmniSource has approximately 6 million to 7 million tons of sort of collection processing distribution market and capability. And that is a reasonable, more than reasonable support for our mill needs. I think last quarter, we were around about 60%, 63% of our scrap needs were met by OmniSource. The rest obviously is coming from other parties in the marketplace. So, strategically, we don’t necessary see an urgent need to get into any alternative. And I think we look at those as a pure, purely investment return opportunity. And our belief is that through the cycle unless you own the iron units all the way back to the mine, that the return profile is not attractive for us. If that were to change then we would think differently.
Mark Millett: We have three main areas of focus. One, being sort of steel itself, steel production whether that'd be greenfield or whether that'd be opportunities, acquisitions, whereby we can turn around underperforming asset. So steel is one focus, downstream processing is another. Our team seemed to have a sort of natural ability there whether that'd be on the sheet side, coating, painting those sorts of things. And even in the bar side, as Glenn mentioned earlier sort of value-add or inspection, turning, those sorts of things. So downstream is important to us. And then thirdly, opportunities where you have sort of intermediate processing type manufacturing that can provide pull-through volume to our steel mills because we’re very cognizant of through-cycle profitability and cash generation, not just looking for stronger peaks, but also stronger troughs.
Mark Millett: I know Theresa may have a more detailed color. I would suggest we're at a little bit of an inflection point there. The last three years what we've seen kind of an erosion of that spread pretty consistently sort of gradual consistent erosion. And I think with slightly high utilization rates going forward with the strong order book, this was also momentum. We've seen I think on first increases across the spectrum of long products over the last few weeks. I think that will likely continue.
Mark Millett: Well, Timna, and honestly, I don’t believe it has changed. We wouldn’t necessary change our strategy on the Section 232 alone or tax reform whatever. We take a very long term view. We look at sort of through cycle metrics. So that the immediate, incredible optimism out there, it doesn’t mean to say that we’re going to be shifted in a different -- I think we've demonstrated now the business model that we've set since the very beginning of our company. And certainly with the position that we've made over the last seven, eight, nine years has put us in a good shape sort to leverage the current marketplace, and also even in better shape to whether any trough going forward. So, I think it's kind of steady as she goes. We're not changing our strategy materially. And anticipation is to put the balance sheet to work continue to even the most efficient the lowest cost steel producer right there and not just steel producer but fabricator and metal sheet cycler and drive superior financial metrics.
Mark Millett: Well, it's a certainly a changing environment out there. But I think what we -- we're appreciative and we both appreciative and applaud the practice stance of the Commerce Department and the Administration for sure. Despite the recent spike in imports obviously there are whole bunch of countries that just took advantage of those exemptions and trust and push material onto our shores. But that will recede in the coming months, I think it's helpful that maybe step back a little bit and understand what we will looking for as an industry. And but we weren't looking for the elimination of imports, but play sort of fair playing field, whereby imports would return to a more normalized level 20% 23% of demand and get away from the 33% of demand that crushed our marketplace. And in doing so which is allowed for a more healthy domestic mill utilization rate that would in turn, allow the entire industry to have a better profitability profile and exceed their cost of capital so we can reinvest develop new products and be a better provider for the customer base. And to be honest when the first announcement came at, we were a little alarmed to the 25% blanket tariff. We actually along with others supported one of the other options that Secretary Ross presented and that was to the punitive on the culprits so to speak and levy a more normalized quarter on the rest of the world. But I think as time goes on, prudence is prevailing. And I do believe, even though you talk with the negotiations and press a more compromised position I think that's where we should be. A 28% a straight tariff across the industry, I believe would have really tighten the industry and perhaps even created a steel shortage. And again that's not what we want. We need a balanced approach so we can have reasonable pricing, reasonable spreads, reasonable profitability yet steel have a good supply for the manufacturing base in the U.S.
Mark Millett: We currently are doing lots of trials that, believe it or not with the paint, there’s many parameters are go into it. So, we’re securing approvals for various pieces of business that we see ramp up schedules coming through especially through July, through the end of second through third quarter. So we have a confidence that the products we’re making are being accepted by or customer base. And we're using this time with the, to develop some longer term relationships with products that new line allows us to make that we don’t make another plan. So, we're little more judicious with what we’re making there, but the pipeline looks good. And the quality that the team is producing is really going well. So, we’re trying to have a managed entrance to the marketplace.
Mark Millett: Well, on the consumables, I think as we reported in past calls, Phil. On the electrode side, we picked up a couple of bucks a ton. I think in the first quarter and maybe we bought another $1 or $2 coming on through the second quarter -- four, sorry.
Mark Millett: I think certainly there is some risk there. I think it looks like Brazil is ramping up some. What we’re hearing that some of the producers had been sitting idly or actually talking about coming backup. So I think there is a slight risk on the geopolitical side with Russia. But again, you’ve got the Ukrainians and the Brazilians, I think, that will fill in part of that deal, it could result in some price pressure. But again, that just remains to be seen.
Mark Millett: The exempted countries if you take them off, you're not count Mexico, our NAFTA trading partners, they I think are balanced and its business is usual. We're not seeing any disruptions from a pricing perspective a materials flowing either way. Europe the landed price until recently has been sort of at par, if not higher than the State and that's probably changed the last month or two. But nonetheless, no real message impact from Europe. Australia, I think the exemption there was principally due to BlueScope's mills on the West Coast. So, we're not getting impacted there dramatically. But now, I strongly believe in the coming months through the summer you'll see imports receive for short.
Mark Millett: The specific market share growth that we referenced is in automotive at Columbus. We’ve gone from next to nothing to about 220,000 tons last year. And the team is on I think qualified for platforms over the next 18 months to take that up to about 400,000 tons a year. That will likely the, kind of where we’d like to see it going forward 400,000 maybe 500,000 tons from that facility. And that will be sufficient market exposure from my perspective on automotive. On the long product side, I think most of the volume expansion is increased overall demand as opposed to very specific -- we are…
Mark Millett: We are picking up market share in certain specific pockets. But generally, it’s volume, general volume increase.
Mark Millett: Well, John, good morning. Well, I’m not so sure we’ve analyzed it as a percentage growth per year. As you know, our team seems to continue to be innovative as part of our culture. And year-over-year as you suggest, we do outperform. Butler amazingly, after 23 years continues to do that. But I think further output there, growth is incremental. At Columbus, we have, I think a material opportunity. Our focus for the team has been market diversification and product development, those arenas, and we haven’t necessarily pushed that facility real, real hard. And it’s around about nameplate capacity today. And so, it's the truth form that mill should be capable of a lot more. The major growth is necessary incremental of any existing line or mill, but the organic opportunities we outlined already. And the most specific being the rebar projects that should add about 450,000 tons of shipping capability to our portfolio.
Mark Millett: Just as a quick reminder, we took Butler from 3 million to 3.2 million tons at the beginning for this year. And for Roanoke Bar, we actually moved from 600,000 tons to 720,000 tons. All related to some incremental initiatives. And with the truck and rail division, beginning 2019, they're likely to be closer to 2 million ton a year capacity versus a 1.8. So there are specific projects as Mark said, that's driving that. Right now, our total capability is 11.4 million ton but that's likely to be over 11.5 come 2019.
Mark Millett: No real concern relative to energy cost either power or natural gas for that matter. So everything is stable. On the alloy front, we are seeing an appreciation there. So again, I don't believe its material.
Mark Millett: Well, again, I appreciate your time today, appreciate your support. I think we are well positioned to take advantage of the growing marketplace in all sectors. I think someone said, we’re about to hit all cylinders and it’s going to be a very good 2018 and 2019 for us. For the customers on the line, I certainly appreciate your support. And for our employees, guys and girls, you’re doing a phenomenal job. Just keep safe, each and every day Thanks to everyone. Bye-bye.
Glenn Pushis: Mark, I think that’s well put. We’re driving more into the automotive, which is the new mill that Barry and his team installed years ago. We’re adding some capacity to our bar finishing and inspection arena and that bodes well for automotive. And we’re seeing those mostly in the smaller sizes 2 5/8 smaller, which is driven by the automotive. But you’re exactly correct heavy truck and trailer, mining, construction they’re all strong right now.
Glenn Pushis: On the long product line, it's challenging. Mark, I mean, both rail, our availability in trucking lane. To various points, some of the lanes are very open and can get some good rates too. Other lands are little more challenged. It's a daily fight, daily struggle, but we're working with our customers and working with the transportation companies. And we're continuing to fight through it.
Glenn Pushis: On the SBQ side, we pass it along with a surcharge mechanism, so we don't see on that. But we are seeing it as an [ADM] a little bit in the structural side, sure..
Glenn Pushis: Yes, sure. This is Glenn. We've working with our supplier with that equipment. We have some engineering issues and some delivery issues on the equipment. So that push the project back four to five months a year. We've got the rebar outlet now that has been commissioned and we can successfully run rebar through that. But you really get the gain in the production with the larger reheat furnace. We're starting to make that furnace in here in the next few weeks, and we anticipate changing over to that furnace in the month of May, which will then give us reading capability of a higher tonnage per hour which will allow us to run the rebar there. Now in the past, we've run 50,000 60,000 tons a year of rebar of that facility. We'll be able to push like Tricia and Mark has said up to 200,000 tons at that facility of rebar per year. And at the same time get some incremental gains on some of our other merchant products because of the larger heating furnace.
Glenn Pushis: No structural mill is actually a different supplier. And right now that project seems to be going very smoothly and it's on schedule.
Theresa Wagler: The only thing I would add, Seth, is that as you remember they're very different markets, not just between flat and long, but also within the long products themselves if you look at SBQ versus merchants and structural and then on then on long side as well. So I agree, I think we are expecting margin expansion throughout the year in the long products, but I'm not sure we try to correlate those with flat. I would just say that we are expecting pricing to be able to outpace any changes in scrap.
Theresa Wagler: That wasn't in specifically fabrication, Dave. It's just as -- if you think fabrication uses steel, right, and as we have an increasing steel cost, there is probably an 8 to 12 week lag. And so, you're going to start to see higher prices because they benefit from having lower prices well at the steel they purchased kind of late fourth quarter. Now, they're going to have first quarter prices hitting the second quarter and that we likely think will cause some margin compression in fabrication but only that segment.
Theresa Wagler: We’re not going to give specifics, Dave, but I appreciate the question. We do expect it to be meaningful and we expect it to be kind of across the steel ops. But more importantly, you’re going to see, I think more of -- well, you’re going to see expansion of flat-rolled side as well. And I think you can probably get to some of that on your own because scrap is a one month lag as you know, and you know that we primarily use busheling or prime scrap in the flat roll operations. And interestingly enough because of the dynamic with 323, we actually have -- our contracts are such that there's a minimum quality customers have to take and then there is a maximum available. And because of the tightness in the flat-rolled market, the customers have been taking the maximum available, which is meant that our contractual business is really closer to 55% of our total mix right now in flat roll. So you’re going to see that lagging CRU price move into the second quarter, they’re going to get benefit from that as well as we think will be moderated scrap platform. So, I think that there's positive drivers in the flat roll side and then we just spoke to long product side where we see drivers as well. Sorry, we’re not comfortable these specifics.
Theresa Wagler: Well, we would expect that we’re going to see incremental flat roll shipments, but the Butler and Columbus had record production already in the first quarter. So, we think there is an incremental availability. But as you think about all the additional capacity that we have most of that in long products, so as we see improvements in mix, I’m not sure that you’re going to see it substantially one way or another, but there is more opportunity for volume uplift on the long product side market independent.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, I know, it's okay. Actually, it's about -- well, between electrodes and refractories, we were up about $2 per ton in the first quarter sequentially. Any expectation if you remember, we still had some old supply versus the new contracts. So as we run into more of the new contracts for the divisions in the second quarter. We expect that to increase and then another incremental, probably $4 and then be very stable through the rest of the year.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, Chuck. Most of the alloyed increase, we haven't seen a sequentially because alloys were higher kind of throughout 2017 beginning in the second and third quarter. If you look at year-over-year it's pretty substantive, but we really kind of already observed the higher alloy cost in the second half of '17.
