Mark Millett: Thank you, David, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter '21 earnings call. We appreciate your time and thank you for joining us today. The entire Steel Dynamics team delivered yet another phenomenal performance filled [ph] with operating and financial records, including record sales, operating income, cash flow, and adjusted EBITDA, a tremendous performance driven by the dedication and passion of our teams executing on our long-term strategies that will continue to drive higher through cycle earnings. The team is delivering exceptional results and I'm very proud to be among them. Due to the continued commitment of our teams to one another, our families, and our customers, we continue to operate safely amidst COVID. The health and welfare of our teams is paramount and I thank each of them for their continued commitment to safety. Record financial results are a little important unless everyone goes home safely at the end of each day. The number of injuries and associated severity improved in the first half of '21 compared to last year. The teams have focused on reducing hazards and practices that could result in significant injury. Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our people, it is our number one value. Our safety performance continues to be significantly better than industry averages, but our intent will always be to have zero incidents. To achieve this, we must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and our fellow team members, keeping safety top of mind in order to take control of safety. Our commitment to all aspects of sustainability is embedded in our founding principles woven into the fabric of our Company, valuing the health and safety of our teams, partnering with our customers, supporting our communities, and minimizing our environmental footprint. An extension of this commitment is evidenced in our recent announcement concerning goals for greenhouse gas emissions reduction, and renewable energy milestones, including a goal for our steel mills to be carbon-neutral by 2050. We've been a leader in the area of sustainability for more than 25 years and we plan to stay right in that position. We are starting from a place of strength with already industry-low Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions, yet, we plan to do more. As we progress on this strategic path, we will plan to share our outcomes with you. But now, Theresa will share insights into our recent performance.
Mark Millett: I think two things as we delved into it, we got a clearer picture, firstly, of the cost structure, but I think more importantly, it's just the expansion of line capability that added a little bit more.
Mark Millett: Sure. I think you will see going forward a continued plan to invest downstream and value-added downstream processing. That has been a key part of our strategy to date and will continue to do so. And as one looks across our operating platform on the steel side, we see continued organic growth capability there. I do believe also we have an incredibly strong balance sheet, strong liquidity, our cash flow generation capability continues to improve through cycle and there will be, I think, a good balanced cash allocation strategy. Transactional growth will certainly be part of that. There appears to be a strong pipeline of opportunity in both pull-through manufacturing type operations on the market today along with steel assets.
Mark Millett: No, I think, Carlos, we remain incredibly bullish of the market for the rest of this year and into next year. On the demand side, it's just incredibly strong. You have a tight supply side right now. Inventories are at record low levels, I think MSCI data is 1.8 months, incredibly, incredibly low and there is no restocking capability there currently because there's just lack of availability to meet present demand. Mill lead times are stretched. You have -- imports have ticked up a little, but they're still moderated, and in all honestly, despite the large arbitrage availability, near-term availability for imports is still very, very, tight. So I don't see there being any ability for a surge there to take things over the top. And if you look at the second half of this year, there are a myriad of mill outages, both for just regular maintenance outages, but also for installation of new equipment [indiscernible] and those mills as they plan on their future expansion. So there's going to be a lot of steel actually coming offline in the second half, which is going to just tighten the supply/demand balance even more. So, I think for the rest of this year, it's a bullish market for us.
Mark Millett: Well, as you point out, it did increase albeit incrementally quarter-over-quarter, but the additional folks that we've brought on board, obviously, they've been ramping up and they need to be trained, and you won't see or wouldn't have seen a massive increase second quarter, but you will see that ramping up third and fourth quarter.
Mark Millett: Both, I believe Columbus and Butler will take their normal kind of full-day outages in the third, fourth quarter.
Mark Millett: Yes. But just to touch on, David, you're right, the long-products markets have got incredibly hot here off late. Certainly, you're seeing that in the margin expansion. There has been a change there, whereby pricing tended to be adjusted in lockstep with any change in scrap, but as you've seen over the last few months, it's become a market-based, demand-based pricing scenario and margins have increased 150%, sometimes 200% on some products. So it is a very, very strong market for us today for sure across the space, merchants, beams, rail is stellar and engineered bar and honestly, I think we're pretty well closed there from an order book perspective for the rest of the year and going into next year; so a great market. That said, if you look at the kind of capacity in merchant shapes and beams in particular relative to through cycle consumption, that's one area, that is -- it's a kind of an overcapacity situation through the cycle. And therefore, I wouldn't envision us having any meaningful increase in hot side production of shapes. I think you will see us utilize excess hot metal capability that we've got in a couple of our mills on the long-product side, but again, it won't be a massive increase in capacity.
Mark Millett: Well, the simple answer to that is, no. The demand is incredibly strong across all our sectors. We can't make enough steel. There's massive pent-up demand, particularly on the automotive side. And as I said earlier, if you look at inventories right now, they're at very, very, very low levels on a historic basis and there is a pent-up demand. And if you talk to the large dealers out there, they just cannot get enough product and they would suggest there's going to be a couple of years before they actually catch up. So, we remain incredibly bullish for the rest of this year and going into next year. There is absolutely no doubt about it. There's a lot -- there seems to be this cloud over people's minds or heads, but we are in the trenches, we're talking to customers each and every day. I'm talking to customers each and every day. I think we have a good finger on the pulse and it's got legs, there's no doubt about it.
Mark Millett: Well, we've had a -- as many of you on the call know, I've had a very long-standing contrasting view to the overcapacity issue or situation. And what people have not been able to figure out or understand is that the US is one of the few if not the only countries that is steel short. Additional capacity is not our problem. In fact, our industry is doing the right thing. It needs to reinvest, it needs to get state-of-the-art equipment on board, both from a global competitive perspective because if you look at China, 85% of Chinese capacity today is less than 15 years old, it's modern. So our industry needs to invest and it needs to continue to invest in electric arc furnace-type production routes from a sustainability standpoint. So, in my humble opinion, when you have an industry that arguably has somewhere 95 million tons to 100 million tons of production capability, and a need in a normal market of at least 120 million tons, production capability is not the issue, imports are the issue and controlling them. And I think as I said earlier, we do believe the tools are in place. Section 201 will maintain a sort of barrier, even if the 232 tariffs get eroded. So I am not concerned about overcapacity one little bit. Some of the older antiquated high-cost integrated capabilities will remain offline and I think will offset the somewhat 6 million tons or so of new flat roll coming into our marketplace.
Mark Millett: So again, Phil, from our intelligence, people are looking at a 17 million ton build rate this year and next year -- next year, sorry. That's an incredibly strong number. And I think as I suggested, when we talk to the dealers out there, when we look at the inventories, that is going to be -- the demand or the -- it's a pent-up demand there that's going to sustain things. The chip shortage for some maybe sort of hindering shipping capability. As I said earlier, very few of our auto platforms have been affected to date. So we've been fortunate, but if you think about it, okay, so chip shortages slow things down a little bit, the demand is still pent up, is still there, and it's just going to help expand this incredible cycle that we're on or in.
Mark Millett: On the energy side, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, global pricing, energy prices have come up a little, rig counts are coming up a little. We're seeing improved kind of downhole OCTG requirements, so engineered bar, for instance, we supply rolled bar into the seamless tube market, that has been picking up, a little slower though on the kind of the infrastructure. The distribution pipeline is still very, very soft and the cancellation of a couple of pipelines here over the last few months have left inventory in the supply chain that's trying to get sort of reallocated across the country. So, OCTG, downhole strengthening, infrastructure, distribution line pipe is going to be a little soft for probably at least another 12 months.
Mark Millett: No, I think, again, we're executing on our plan that we've had in place for some time. Fortunately, we have a very, very good foundation through our omni-source recycling platform that has the capability of some 6 million tons, 7 million tons of capability. So supply of scrap is not going to be an issue for us for sure. And we're adding to that capability, as I said, in Mexico and some of those tons will flow up to Sinton and to our Columbus mill. So, I think we're in good shape on the scrap side of things. As Theresa suggested, we are using HPI and have been using a little bit more of that of late. We have IDI that people seem to forget. That's a very, very effective use for our Butler mill in particular, it's making about 260,000 tons of liquid iron that we put into our electric arc furnace each year. And just to emphasize, if you look across our steel platform, in total, pig iron is only -- I think, it's less than 8% of the total input. So yes, it's an impact, but not a massive one.
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. It's good to hear from you. There is absolutely no doubt that the team's focus has been the execution of Sinton and it's a very large-scale facility. Actually, if you jump on our website, we have a drone video that gets updated I think once a month and it's a colossal, phenomenal facility that's being built by the team down there. And so, the focus for sure has been execution, execution, execution. Nonetheless, we have other folks on our team that continue to look at transactional activity, and also, the individual mills, we have very talented teams that continue to look at areas of organic growth. So I think you'll certainly see just a continuation of that organic growth that you've seen in the last 25 years or so. From a Sinton standpoint, the new lines that you mentioned that parallels or just supports our long-term strategy of fully utilizing or building high levels of through cycle utilization. And so not only are those four new lines very effective uses of CapEx with very, very, very good returns, it allows those capital intense steel mill assets to run at a high utilization, as I said, through the cycle. And I think we've demonstrated clearly that that strategy allows us to have superior shipments, production capabilities in any market environment.
Mark Millett: We would imagine -- I think I've said it in the past, we don't see a Sintonasc greenfield project on our horizon. Transactional activity, there could be something meaningful there.
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. We've got a great team. A little bit of a market tailwind is not hurting either, but…
Mark Millett: Well, I don't think there's really any desire right now to rebuild. Firstly, people just can't get enough steel to satisfy their immediate needs, number one, domestically. And number two, the speculative risk associated with accumulating inventory in today's market environment is a -- it'd be a pretty gutsy call. Imports, as I said, despite the high arbitrage, there is very little available currently. The global markets are very, very strong and most of the material is being consumed within those markets. So there is not much available even if they wanted to. That said, the speculative risk of material flowing in and import delivery times are November, December, January, today. You don't want to take that risk. So, I don't see any rebuild in the near term and again, that's just another factor that's going to extend this cycle.
Mark Millett: And I would just add, if you look -- hopefully, when you look at our experience of growth over the years, it's always been very, very intentional I would say. I would say, it's also very disciplined, and we won't do a transaction at ludicrous numbers. We always look at through-cycle. So if we were to do a transaction today, it will be a good investment through the cycle not just based on today's crazy profitability that some may have.
Mark Millett: I think there will always be some element of imports for sure. It has been a long, long, long time. I think I don't know, mid-'70s or '80s or whenever, when imports were de minimis. We're not going to be a country that self-satisfies its demand in total. So imports are always going to be there. Today, we typically need -- 20% of demand is an import need. We just don't need 30 million tons or 30% imports. But I think if you -- all the discussion has been relatively near term, when I say near term six, nine months into next year. But people are not, I don't believe anyway, recognizing that the industry is in transition. And I think there is some paradigm shifts occurring that are going to retain a lot higher sort of health -- market health in our industry and a much higher margins going forward. You look at the leadership mindset today and the consolidation, the integrated industry is really focused on returning shareholder value. They are totally focused on consolidating and rationalizing their assets to make good business sense. And that's going to bring I think market health and market strength long term. USMCA has, I think, certainly for us been a market change in dynamic, where you see particularly the European automakers, a shift in their supply chain from imports to domestic sourcing. Again, we've been a very, very large beneficiary of that. So the market is changing for sure in this country, and as I said earlier, it needs more capacity, it needs state-of-the-art technological capability, low cost, sustainable low carbon footprint production routes. And so I am not fearful for a second about the capacity coming online, it's needed and it will benefit the North American manufacturer base in spades going forward.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Daryl. I would just emphasize, well, firstly, thank you for those that are still on the call. Thank you for listening today to our thoughts and opinions anyway. It was an incredible quarter. We believe next quarter is going to be better even so. And that is driven certainly by the market tailwinds that we're experiencing, but it's also more importantly driven by the most phenomenal steel metals team in the world. They are an incredible bunch of individuals. We number 10,000 there. If you include their wives and partners and kids, we've got, I don't know, 25,000 people in the SDI family today. They all contribute to our success. So thank you to each and every one of them. Thank you to our customers. We can't do what we do without you. We've had some incredibly loyal support and I wish we could support them even more today because they are -- we are struggling to meet all their needs. So, thank you, everyone. Make it a great day, and be safe. Take care.
Theresa Wagler: It also is being priced on current steel values and so that appreciates the total project cost as well.
Theresa Wagler: I think we should see that moderating because from the perspective of pricing, Mark's correct, we've had very strong steel pricing and volumes have increased, but now that we're at this level, I don't see there being significant draws for the second half of the year, although, we will be increasing working capital as Sinton ramps up. So Sinton could be as much as $150 million to $200 million of working capital in the next, call it, six to nine months. But I don't think that you're going to see as significant of a draw in working capital in the second half of the year as we experienced in the first half of the year.
Theresa Wagler: So David, I know how you try to back into conversion costs and in the world where now we have a lot more processing versus just steel production, it's going to be harder and harder for you back into that number that way. So we had a considerable amount of more substrate coming into the system and having it coated versus directly from the steel production itself. And so where in as that makes it look like there is an increased conversion cost, there's actually not. It's just that we are processing more outside tons because there's such strong demand. And we can maybe try to unpack that a little bit better from quarter to quarter, but there were no significant increases in conversion costs.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Based on engineering and some of the more detailed plans that we've received on the four lines, some of that's likely to be pushed from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. So next year without doing our detailed planning, you're likely to see capital expenditures of probably somewhere between $550 million and $600 million.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning. Thanks for the question. That was a very detailed question, I'm not sure I might be able to go into all of it at this point in time. We do have some things that we can't discuss yet. They're very exciting on the renewable energy side of the equation. There will be some capital dollars, obviously, spent as we look at efficiency projects and as we move toward more renewable energy and the carbon reduction itself. We really don't have estimates to be able to discuss this morning because there's still a lot of projects that are being vetted. We will be disclosing those items as we move forward but we have a very -- and this is the thing that we want everybody to understand how we're trying to differentiate ourselves in our carbon goals and in our renewable energy goals, is that, we are being very transparent. There is a clear path on how we're going to achieve 2025 and 2030, and as we're able to disclose some of these projects, we absolutely, Tristan, will be sharing these projects, but at this point in time it's just too early to do so.
Theresa Wagler: Michael, we won't go through the details spreads themselves. We will tell you that the spreads are based on mid-cycle spreads, so definitely not what we're experiencing today. And we're starting with a base hot roll to prime scrap kind of mix spread and then we build the value-added product mix off of that. And we are using what we've experienced historically, and then also looking forward at what the expectations are in those individual markets on a mid-cycle basis. So I'm sorry, we can't give you specific spreads, but it is showing that certain -- our expectations are that the volume operates very much like our Columbus and Butler facilities operate, that means that production and shipments tend to be at or near capacity on a mid-cycle basis.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, absolutely. So, yes Sinton will -- still expected to provide a tax shield this year as we're able to -- of the year of operations, be able to expense that successive investment. It likely will shield upwards of $350 plus million. However, our earnings are so strong, that we're still having tax payments that are required, this year. And I think we're estimating our effective tax rate to be about 15%. From the perspective of working capital, Sinton is likely to build working capital as it starts operations in the next six to nine months of somewhere between $150 million and $200 million. Outside of that, I would expect the rest of our operations working capital to remain fairly steady just given that our volumes have already picked up and pricing has been really strong as well. So, I don't see a lot of additional movement in working capital.
Theresa Wagler: It's a good question. Our balance sheet is extraordinarily strong. So even if you look at our net leverage or our gross leverage, either metric is solidly in the investment-grade arena. We have significant additional debt capacity and the capital structure, and so where in as, yes, it makes sense to keep some cash on the balance sheet, we also have things that we can spend that money on whether it's additional share repurchases as we expect to make in the second half of the year and it still won't hinder all of the growth expectations or projects that we think are available to us on the transaction side. So yes, we do keep dry powder at the same token, and there's still debt capacity as well.
