Mark Millett: Hi, Luke. We have produced about 3,000 tons off of the new mill so far during our – just the last month or two of commissioning, because we really just put the sizing mill, put the last component to be commissioned and that was just here in the month of June and July. And so the dimensions are dialed in and the service quality has been dialed in and so now we look to ramp it up, but about 3,000 tons and we are looking to move that up a couple of thousand tons each month now.
Mark Millett: Well, a lot of ours agreements are contractual. And those we maintained spot business, we took that in the upward direction, but we honored all of our prior agreements. Needless to say, the alloys and so forth they are subject to surcharge mechanisms and those will move, but we took the general direction, but did not try to got out and run in a hard upward direction to alienate anyone. Some of our competitors have been having some problems and we have been the beneficiary of some of that business. We have our most solid booking, our strongest book for the next quarter ever. And I think we have been the beneficiary of our marketing philosophy and so we are very pleased with our position.
Mark Millett: Yes. Yes, but given the geographic location of the mill and proximity to us, Southeast and Southwest plants, we expect that volume could quite easily grow to 180,000.
Mark Millett: So, that gives you almost an immediate boost in utilization of the value-add downstream lines down there. And that’s probably an area given better utilization and utilizing our knowledge in that arena we can certainly I think grow value. I think thirdly, we mentioned yesterday that there are legacy costs – legacy what I call contracts there. The way the mill is built originally, a lot of CapEx was distributed to the – or delegated to the service provider and it’s kind of a shift of CapEx to an operating cost. And as those contracts unwind naturally over the next year or so, two years we believe we are going to get some synergy from that. And then finally just logistics, I think combination of OmniSource and a couple of other things that we are going on, we can I believe get scrap and raw materials down to the facility at a slightly less, again not massively less, but slightly improved cost. So if you add those all up, I think there is meaningful synergies, I think we have talked about $30 million yesterday, I think we also said about $10 million, Theresa or so is going to be in the very near future and the other 20 will come on over the next year or two.
Mark Millett: I think the sheet mill is very, very strong. Obviously, yes there are some upper price – upward price momentum just recently. I think on the hot-rolled band side of things we are probably we are into…
Mark Millett: On brands of basis if you think I don’t think you see we shift the record level at 6.1 million tons last year and excluding Columbus for a moment we have about 7.8 million ton shipping capability. So we have about 1.5 million tons of what I consider late and value or volume that we’ve never had a steel consuming economy to exploit. So that I think considerable upside to us.
Mark Millett: I will just say again I can’t speak everyone now I know is that we continue to be distressed by the amount of inputs that are out there both by light gauge rolled and Galvalume and other coated and paint products and so I think we are out gathering data and looking at our own results. And so, we talked our trade attorneys and they are out there having discussions. So I first spend to be a sooner rather than later.
Mark Millett: I think the – again the purchase has been fully based on where we think we can drive it from the cost perspective and mix shift. If you look at the geographies it is a or there a Southern Mill; I would say versus the Midwest Northern mill. So there's very little overlap to say geographically and then also from a product perspective, a little overlap yes there is I think Dick articulated. They are heavily into the energy pipe markets today, 45% to 50% output whereas Butler is I think these are 10%, 15 percentage is that – Butler is 30, we estimate about 30% – 32% automotive. Unexposed automotive, but still automotive where I believe Columbus currently is about 5%. So there's a very large sort of dislocation in both geographic and product overlap. Okay billets – and again until we closed with – we’ve announced to push this agreement, but until we close, we were full competitors, so.
Mark Millett: I think we have done more due diligence on this project than anything we have done before by far and we brought in the OmniSource recycling team and they have done a great job looking at the logistics of getting scrap to the mill where the scrap draw regions will be and have been. We see that the changes that the team has made are definitely sustainable, there is no doubt about it.
Mark Millett: Fortunately, we have existing customer relationships that have assets in Monterry in particular currently and I would certainly think that as I trusted loyal relationships, I think we can expand on those and create commercial opportunity for the Columbus mill.
Mark Millett: I think the, well the right answer is we haven’t explored and got an absolute precise strategy in place. But given the relationships we’ve had the items would cover total sheet, total valves and Hot Band, yes.
Mark Millett: But just a little clear and we are on the same page. Theresa mentioned that there was CapEx of 25 plus $10 million $15 million of contracted service, al right. That is a little different than the legacy contract services that I was alluding to whereby the service providers that showed some of the CapEx which and those contracts are going to unwind over the next couple of years.
Mark Millett: Super. Thanks, Kevin and thank you for all those still on the call listening. I would like to thank you for your support, online support for our company and to our customers. Thank you, your loyal support also and to – our employees, keep up the great work and be safe each and everyday guys and girls. Thank you very much.
Theresa Wagler: Sure. So the share is actually for the third quarter had come down slightly because not all of the notes converted. So I would say probably like $240.2 million is probably a good number to you. And for interest expense I would say probably somewhere around $27 million, $28 million per quarter.
Theresa Wagler: From the financial perspective, we are very much committed to again growth, but if growth gets us outside of our metrics of preference which we really do look at is net leverage three times or less. We will do it as long as within an 18 to 24 months period, we are able to get back into that alignment. So I think, yes we still are committed to that.
Theresa Wagler: Money was left on the table by them, yes. And no, it wasn’t at our option. So we had to pay them in cash.
Theresa Wagler: On the utilization perspective the structural metal division operated around 75% range in the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: No, and Sal we can go offline with this if you would like the number that you are looking at for Minnesota is actually a net of tax it’s not pre-tax and it’s not the operating level. So the number that you’re looking at for Metals Recycling and double segment is operating and the number that we give for Minnesota is not. So there is bridge to do and I am happy to do that with you offline.
Theresa Wagler: No, it’s actually capitalized to CapEx. Typically these services would be part of our operating expense for Columbus it actually comes across as capital investment.
Theresa Wagler: Not necessarily, Phil, because again we are looking at what we believe operating rates and things might be going forward, these are some of the contacts that Mark talked earlier that we might be able to renegotiate at some point in time, but so it’s a little – it’s less clear than that.
Theresa Wagler: Sure, Phil, I am sorry. Okay, so for the flat roll division second quarter shipments hot roll shipments were 358,000 tons, P&L 91,000 tons, cold rolled 47,000 tons, hot-roll galvanized, 128,000 tons. Cold-rolled galvanized 42,000 tons. Painted products were 101,000 tons and finally Galvalume was 11,000 tons.
Theresa Wagler: Couple of things. First of all, yesterday we didn't confirm what we thought EBITDA would be for the Columbus mill. What we did was, we talked around a multiple that was given during the presentation, but secondly I think more importantly our steel fabrication business is not related to the Columbus mill, the steel fabrication is really producing joist and decking and we have some more facility on our flat roll division but it is very similar to Columbus but not our steel fabrication operation.
Theresa Wagler: Won’t do that. We don’t believe in giving guidance out that far. So I am sorry I cannot help you with that.
Dick Teets: Look we don’t know our policies, we don’t open our books in flat rolled except like a month out for the Hot Band and a little bit further for our coated products and that’s our standard because we really do play in the spot market. So we are and that’s why we got a little bit of notoriety here recently in the press when we sent note to our customers to say we were full because that was in the close order.
Dick Teets: And six to eight weeks for our coated products and that’s as they are basically for across the board. Our structural and rail has a good backlog, solid for July probably three quarters of August, but we always expect to pick up the orders as we go through the rollings and so August is not an issue. And I know that we have orders in rails so forth already passed that. We are looking at only quarter-to-quarter and don’t open up the final quarter, yet at all-in the structural and rail yet, even someone who placed an order we don’t see it on our logs. As far as I mentioned SBQ, we have the strongest backlog right now than we have had in years and actually the strongest book in the month ever. And so that’s very heartening. Probably the weakest place we have, excuse me is at Roanoke but strongest in the most recent past because we are back to rolling mill full time as we were taking two days a month out, but we are rolling merchant bar and shapes. And so I am pleased to say that strengthened and Steel West Virginia, this past week we have been rolling full and there is a little bit of a weakness possible, but we are not concerned about it. It’s going to be a very solid year at Steel West Virginia.
Dick Teets: And I think and The Techs because we are working in a flat roll, the sales is working as a team. Again MetalTech is the strongest book we had quite in quite a while. I mean the most difficult place I would tell you is the NexTech which is the very light gauge in our products and that was under attack from China and India and so forth. And now it will be open and (indiscernible) trade cases behind us, we are gathering data and want to deal with it as we keep it along with our competitors and that’s to be done.
Dick Teets: Yes Mark, we – quote activity remained strong. We had mentioned in the past call or two that the Southeast was lagging a bit. We are pleased to see that the Southeast activity is picking up at a nice pace. Bookings remained strong and our joist and deck backlogs currently are at record levels. The joist industry bookings are on pace to exceed 950,000 tons for 2014, that would represent the biggest year by far since 2008. And the team is capitalizing on these new opportunities, stands prepared to handle even higher levels. The activity going forward, we find strength and been able to move work around our national footprint. And so the team is ready to go. They have done a good job.
Dick Teets: No, but I think just in general just like above we pull it down to close to the 45% to 50% high band no don’t really shift much people on oil because they run their mill and they don’t have a disconnect for the people line there. Now they push full, kept the line but it only runs one or two turns a week which is – I am going to say tragic but an asset has been totally underutilized and then from a galvanized standpoint we recognize that annual basis to and so I’m not trying to criticize and then but that’s where we look to push the tons through and get the value there. And so therefore that will pull those Hot Band tons down and we need to get the tons through the mill and down through the - Hot Band galvanized or cold-rolled galvanized. And it will become more over balanced like Butler I would believe.
Dick Teets: Obviously but as we mentioned yesterday, the capture is much thick of diameter we have the ability, heavier gauges, wider widths and the team there is already working on developing and evolving to the X70, grade energy scale which carries a good premium. So I think there is continued focus there. They are having some success with some of the dual phase steels, again good premium for those and that will be our focus also.
Dick Teets: And there is a whole range, they do quite a nice job of supplying quite a few different tubers and full complement of – across the board. So and what they sell for, I – what the tuber sell for, I can’t tell you. I have no idea.
Dick Teets: There is a lot of industries that are growing down I need to say are appliance, automotive and energy.
Mark Millet: Well, I am not sure I can articulate it any better than you just did that the trials were very indicative. It showed us a combination. Theresa used the analogy that we know the ingredients and had to bake the cake, we would just go do it each and everyday. I think the startup – and again we started back up at the end of June, but July month-to-date we are running at around about 95% availability and a little over actually it was 340,000 ton annualized run rate. So the volume I think is we are very comfortable with the 360 or perhaps even more run rate. The year improvements and the raw material input changes all point to a cost structure as I mentioned in that 340, 350 range and it’s just a matter of doing it month in month out and so we’ll see what that yields appear in the next month or two.
Mark Millet: Well Q3, we wouldn’t get to a non loss posture in Q3 and on a pre-tax basis probably not the fourth quarter. The financial profile will be meaningfully improved.
Mark Millet: Mostly the focus at Columbus is not necessarily, and correct me if I am wrong, but it’s not been the focus to supply just absolute basic carbon ERW. They are supplying the X40, X50 today, X60.
Mark Millet: Well obviously they've had over the last 12 months a few outages here and there, to be honest, I'm not so sure where folks do not know whether it’s regular maintenance or sort of monies that they haven't spent over the last two, three years. So, I don’t think we can comment on that time.
Mark Millet: I think as we see the market today, most of our revenues is stable to positive from a pricing standpoint. And I think the potential and we don’t really like to prophesize as to where the scrap market is going but given the export market is not incredibly strong and flows are good we expect scrap at least in the near term to be kind of side ways to edge down may be a few bucks. So, I think the current environment is probably sustainable.
Mark Millet: Yes. The number, the range I gave was the cash cost basis of $340 to $350 per metric ton. And again – it's a matter of executing on the results that we saw in the prior trials earlier this year.
Mark Millet: I will say that Columbus City does have the opportunity to continue to move up in volume that goes to say they, number one mill, the rigs on heavy section mill is fully loaded and with rail and heavier section productions. We have recently added a third crew on to the medium section mill and now that they’ve trained and operating the sales force is out trying to fill up that shifts. And so there is the opportunity is there. And again it’s lighter section, so you need to see you are ending up selling time under mill because it turns a lot of linear feet and from a margin perspective I think the industry has done well with the support from the customers and so forth. Imports have recently backed off a little bit and so we have cleaned up I think our discounts that were floating around out there and now I think we’re back to nice pricing and there is a may be an underpinning of may be some upward movements so it depends on scraps. So I think the opportunity is at Columbia City out of all our mills and so our sales force is out working their tails off.
Chris Graham: I never calculated it again the heavy section mill is four, and so they shipped record rate of about 117,000 production.
Chris Graham: Yes, this is Chris. I was just looking at six week trends versus 13, 26, 52. We have seen increase from our 52 week average to our 13-week average of probably 30%, 30% to 40%. And so we continue to see signs of increased strength.
Chris Graham: Six week is, that’s where we start to talk about how far our crystal ball works and the six week averages are as high as they have been, six and 13 right on top each other which are marked improvements over last point 6 and 52 and so as far as we can see the strength continues.
