Keith Busse: Thank you, Fred. Thank you, Carla. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. One of the first things I'd like to do is have you join me in congratulating Mark Millett on his new responsibilities as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Steel Dynamics, so congratulations, Mark.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Theresa. Carla, I think it's time to open up the airways to the Q&A piece of the presentation.
Keith Busse: Well, I think the engineering phase is -- we've pretty much worked our way through it. I think the team's done a very good job of analyzing market opportunities and reporting on any potential impact on current businesses that we operate, which I think we've concluded the impact would be de minimis. I think the larger question probably revolves around the healing economy and timing. I think, certainly, there's a good opportunity and we will be discussing it at the next board meeting. I can't guarantee anybody that we'll have anything more to report, but then again we might. But I think the team is very positively predisposed about moving forward with the growth plans at Steel Dynamics, and I think one of the things that I read about a lot recently over the air was the steel sector is being beat up a little bit because it wasn't perceived that it could or would grow. Certainly that's not the case at Steel Dynamics and our plans. We are a growth company. Our plans are to grow. We think there's a good opportunity there, certainly in an economy that gains a head of steam, so there may be more to report on later, Michelle, but nothing new right now.
Keith Busse: It's not something we're looking at actively. I would never say that, that would be out of the question and consideration, but it is not something we're currently pursuing.
Keith Busse: Well, the mill would probably have a capability of about 1.7 million. It would certainly have a broader array or product portfolio than Butler. We would not focus as much on ultra-light-gauge material, and would have more of a focus on heavy, wall-thickness material that might be of great value to the pipe and tube-making community, would be one of the target markets. But with the application of active de-gassing and introduction of more iron and a tandem mill, certainly it opens up a whole, broad array of market opportunities to the company that we currently don't have an opportunity to look at or quote today. So I think in terms of the value-added chain, it gives the company a very broad opportunity to quote markets today and value added -- and again, that we can't quote. So a lot of positives about this mill. It would certainly have the potential of putting us in the light plate business, but not the heavy plate business. But again, our focus would be on downstream, and our focus would be on rates like x60, x70, and think Dick and his team are even looking at perhaps x80. So we'd have a pretty broad array of product capability.
Keith Busse: I would say it is, Michael, down more than 50%. Some of that backlog we have that's certainly a brighter position to be in than where we were is related to our successes in rail and welded rail. Probably 40% of our backlog today, somewhere in that neighborhood, 35% to 40% is dedicated to rail. And certainly, we're introducing other products such as large channels and things like that. But wide-flange is still off markedly, although improving. And when your backlog is that low, to be up 20% is not a great feat. I mean if you have a 40,000 ton backlog, 20% is 8,000 tons or 48 by examples. So. therefore, the backlogs are up. The good news is they are up. Momentum is okay, but I think from everything we see here read, it would still suggest that 2011 is going to be a tough year in non-res, maybe improving into 2012 with certainly a lot better future forecasting -- however solid the forecasting, that remains a question mark. But by the time you get to '13, '14 -- the years '13 and '14, a lot better picture emerges for a wide variety of reasons but right now, the non-res market is still fairly weak. But I would -- I'm pleased to report that Columbia City is making money at these ultra -low operating rates, and that is with a full allocation of costs such as interest load, depreciation, things like that. It is a fully loaded cost structure and they're in the black, and that's a very positive thing.
Keith Busse: I would tell you that Dick Teets shook his head. I looked at him. He believes he's down more than -- whether it's 70% or not, that may be starting to stretch it at 75%, certainly down 60%, 65%. Down 2/3.
Keith Busse: Well, as it relates to construction products, specifically beams, it's not been a major factor in a rather depressed market. I don't know the global opportunities are much better so everybody's probably in the same boat, if you will, and most of the wide-flange beams are out in the world remain electrically. And given the cost of raw materials here and abroad with the conversion costs, it's certainly not in other producers' best interests or the best interest of their bottom line to bring those goods here, right? They clearly stood -- dynamics in a new core of low-cost global producers of wide-flange beams. I believe they are -- be very tough. So we're not seeing a lot of activity from abroad in wide-flange product at this point in time. Obviously imports have been up a little bit recently in flat-roll and other arenas, probably due to the weakness of the dollar and better economic opportunities that may be here as opposed to, any given point in time, elsewhere in the global universe. But they're not up that dramatically. We're not -- I wouldn't tell you, today, we're being radically threatened by imports, but all of us keep a very diligent eye on those initiatives every day of the week.
Keith Busse: Well, I've heard that they're looking at mid-June delivery on the Sparrows, potentially, is what I hear. I think it's going to have relatively little impact directly on the second quarter, but if that reality is reached in that timeframe, it may be a more significant note in the second quarter, whatever that might be. But if the economy continues to move forward, I don't want to say it's going to go unnoticed, but it may not be as much of a factor and a ramp up as some people are anticipating.
Keith Busse: Well the -- historically, usually the third month of the quarter is always seemingly our strongest shipping month, so we would have followed that pattern, but order entry has not been as frenzied as it was. Backlogs have remained about the same, out 4 or 5 weeks. We don't generally let them -- we either attempt to control it or the market flow rates slows and it controls itself. But the order entry rate has not been bad. We're not at all worried that we're not going to build. I think we're going to be able to operate, from a Flat Roll perspective, at capacity through the quarter. We're not into June yet. Having said that, I guess the world could change but I don't see -- especially if we could put some of the interruptions of flow of materials from Japan behind us and continue to help our economy surge forward, we may not see a very big impact to the second quarter. But right now we're anticipating that we're going to get through. Based on rate of order entry we see, we're going to get through the second quarter without any hiccups on Flat Roll. I think volumes at our Structure division continue to slightly improve and, therefore, they shouldn't operate in any lesser of a rate in the second quarter, perhaps even stronger rate in the second quarter. Engineered Bar, our SBQ division. Shipments will be off slightly and, like I said, their earnings might be off slightly due to the outage but not significantly. So there might be a small volume decline there related to their outage only. As you heard Dick already testifying, we're clear out into December if you let everybody place those orders. We tend to control that, too, but we put them into queue, if you will, out that far. Price yet to be determined, obviously. Still, West Virginia is very strong. Backlogs had approved at Roanoke and continue to remain in about the same operating arena as they have been for many, many months. So overall, probably not a lot of volumetric change in Q2 is anticipated.
Keith Busse: Mark, Barry and his team, as I dubbed earlier, has done a very good job on an annualized basis: 600,000, 625,000 tons of capability at that mill now, and they should be running a little better with these improvements. I think the ultimate goal is to get up over 700,000 tons. How fast can we get there is anybody's guess.
Keith Busse: Well, Mark, there's some capacity still offline that hasn't returned, so flat-out is kind of a tough thing to get your arms around for the capacity that's out there. I can't speak for everyone. We're certainly running at capacity there. The news about the service center inventory is actually good news. They're doing a good job of managing those inventories which, I think, it bodes well for a continuing positive rate of steady order entry. The pauses we see are sometimes related to, "Oops, what's going to happen to scrap?" If it's going to backup at all, you get into these wait-and-see things that tend not to last all too long, and then you're back with your pencil in hand writing orders. So we're not at all alarmed about the rate of order entry. As I said, expect to get through the second quarter at capacity.
Keith Busse: Well, I think a lot of that was related to where resource cost's going and sometimes people get a little bit ahead of themselves and there are these periods of pause. But I think with scrap remaining in the same vicinity, whether it went up a little bit recently, probably going to go down a little bit recently. There could have been a little pause in buying, but I don't know that any of it's related to concerns about the economy regressing. Maybe some concerns about the amount of supply needed, relative to certain market sectors where there could be an interruption in supply from Japan of electronic component. If you're missing a gizmo or 2 for the dash, the dash doesn't get assembled. If the dash doesn't get assembled, the car doesn't get assembled, so. To watch that Japan has slowed economic activity temporarily, I don't know, but I think that will be short-lived as well, if it's having any impact at all.
Keith Busse: Well, I don't think you can extrapolate it. It's one piece of good news. It's a data point on the chart and when we report on the second quarter, I hope to be able to tell you that they operated at 20, 20 and 20, or 60, and then you could multiply that by 4 and have a little bit more comfort in 200,000 tons. But right now, it's a little too early to say that.
Keith Busse: I think we'd all feel pretty good if by -- after the equipment modifications and by the fourth quarter we're operating at 3/4 speed. I think that would be a fairly good progress made within a 12-month period.
Keith Busse: Large bars go into transportation here versus -- well, it doesn't have to be an automobile. It could be the class A vehicle universe. But large bars also go into yellow iron, into forgings. We're pretty big, I think, in the forging market.
Keith Busse: And I think GM and Ford and Chrysler are a little less impacted than some of the transplants, perhaps, are impacted by the Japanese crisis.
Keith Busse: I don't think we said anything about, in this call, our breakeven. But I think Mark has said he'd be pleased if later in the year, definition that likely being the fourth quarter, that we could get to a breakeven.
Keith Busse: And Mark, that would be progressive. I mean, you're going to do better, hopefully, each quarter, but it doesn't mean the fourth quarter necessarily would be a break even. But you might achieve a month or so in there that is, which should be great news. And maybe have a break-even quarters. It's really too far out to tell.
Keith Busse: Well, Carla, we thank you, and we thank everyone for your continued interest in the company and its progress. And it really does feel good to have a nice, solid quarter under our belt. Thank you for all of your support. We look forward to speaking with you in the June time frame or July time frame. Thanks. Thanks again.
Richard Teets: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to add a few additional, brief comments to what's been expressed by Keith and in the press release about each of the Steel operations. Our Flat Roll division in Butler and Jeffersonville has earned their best ranking ever for quality, service and on-time delivery from an independent industry survey. Congratulations to the entire Flat Roll team for the focus applied to these metrics. In the first quarter of the year, the Butler plant operated basically full capacity, achieving their third-highest production quarter in the history, in spite of the fact that, as Keith stated, they had to curtail metal production at the beginning of February and on a limited basis throughout the balance of the quarter.  Also, the quarter was our second-best shipping quarter ever. Again, congratulations for a fabulous job done by all in the division. We're talking about flat products that we added to Techs, operated during the quarter at 85% to 90% capacity. This slightly lower operating range is due to the historical concentration in the construction industry by those lines. Our shipments were negatively impacted, slightly, at the end of the quarter, by truck availability, and this has been noticed at other divisions also.  At the Structural and Rail division, our focus in rail production, welding and shipments has continued to be their priority. They achieved over 30,000 tons of rail shipments in the quarter, continued to expand their list of satisfied customers. Also enlarged, they had the best wide-flange production and shipping months since December of 2008. This is still far below historical numbers, but continuing to focus our product availability and service has been their mission and appears to be paying dividends. At Pittsboro, the sales order rate continues to be basically incredible. The current lead time for most as-rolled bars is December and the 2012 order book has been opened. The strength of the backlog has allowed for improved scheduling, and as a result was the best first quarter production and the second-best shipping quarter ever. We are currently in our annual maintenance outage in Pittsboro and will aim to minimize the impact on our production and shipments. Some of the projects included a major reheat furnace rebuild, a roughing mill gearbox replacement and de-bottlenecking of the bundling area. The Roanoke Bar division, like the Structural and Rail division, continues to be hampered by the lack of construction activities. They operated at a capacity utilization rate of approximately 90% in both the melting and rolling departments. They took their annual maintenance shutdown at the end of March and through the beginning of April and had no increase due to SDI employees or contractors. Congratulations to Roanoke team for these efforts and the resulting performance. In Huntington, Steel of West Virginia's core transportation markets, including truck, trailer and port-truck industries, continue to improve. Total tons shipped increased quarter-over-quarter by 16.7%. This was made possible by the team's efforts and capital improvements. Melt shop production in the quarter increased by 6% over the 2010 annual tons per hour rate, as did production in both rolling mills by at least that amount, a great job by all. And lastly, I'd like to point out that on April 11, we recognized the fifth anniversary of the addition of Roanoke and Steel of West Virginia to the SDI family and continue to be excited about their accomplishments and the possibilities at both divisions.
Richard Teets: The outage is driven by maintenance requirements. It's our annual outage. As I said, some of the things that we're probably -- the melt shop is already done and it's started back up and we're building inventory at Boons [ph], which was actually a little bit of an issue in the first quarter because we were running tight hand-to-mouth, and that didn't give them as much flexibility in scheduling the mill as they would like. From a rolling perspective we had a cracked year in number –- in the roughing mill. And our expansion of the 2 extra stands that are going in as we speak -- one of the gearboxes was an identical gear set with same ratios and so it was an opportune time to make the switch out, and that'll delay slightly the opportunity to utilize the expanded -- rolling those stands. But it was a requirement for maintenance purposes. And we also had some brick work that was worse than we had expected. Once we got in and the furnace cooled off, the reheat furnace, and so that's what we're currently finishing up. I would tell you that, as I mentioned, we are, from a capital perspective, improving the throughput at the rolling mill by de-bottlenecking in the bundling area, so some improvements going on there. And we continue to look at other capital projects both during the outage and in the future to increase throughput, but we're going to try to minimize and make some pickups through the second quarter and onward, based on what we've accomplished in this maintenance outage.
Richard Teets: Well, again, if you multiply 30,000 by 4, 120,000 would be an all-time high. We had on our target between 150,000 and 180,000 at different times we've had our models. A lot of it has to do with the acceptance of our welded-rail products. We just added another crew to rail welding, because we have approved a $70 million expansion for de-bottlenecking the finishing area of the rail that occurs and comes into play when you're cutting shorts, 80-footers and 39-, 40-footers. And so the more welded rail that we are getting accepted the better. The throughput will be on the same number of hours of production that we've allotted. As far as head-hardening, that's one of the missions of the organization over there. But I'd like to point out that our standard rail is being used in a high-speed application that, again, depends on what the ultimate rail owner has in mind for the rail application, whether it'd be a coal line that's being on a grade or through a curved area that is also being used by high-speed application. Then you would have high -- head-hardened requirements. But on minimal-grade requirements and on straight-line client runs, a standard product is more than acceptable. So, we're working on it. We have technologies under review, but we're not banking on a head-hardened product to be a short-term opportunity. We're looking at that from a long-term perspective.
Richard Teets: Chuck, I would tell you that we've had a great reception and expansion of -- across the board. I would say that automotive off-road applications, energy sector -- we really have a very unique and balanced order backlog and we are capitalizing on that.
Richard Teets: We have not experienced any order cancellation or reduction in targets by our customers. We are attentive to it, but I can tell you that we have not seen that as of yet.
