Mark D. Millett: Super. Thanks, Marlene. Good morning, everyone, and happy new year. Hopefully everyone is all warmer than we are. We're suffering a little Arctic freeze today. But thanks for joining us on today's call. We value your time and look forward to sharing our view of the steel industry and some of the opportunities that lay ahead for SDI. But to begin, I'll turn the call over to Theresa for brief comments regarding our recent financial results.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think to your point, we are committed to growth, and we continue to evaluate organic opportunities as well as growth opportunities that will leverage our core strengths. And our focus, certainly, is on bringing in all of the quality margin, quality returns. As we assess those opportunities and if they are concluded to move forward, then yes, there's a possibility that the CapEx will creep up.
Mark D. Millett: I think Chris and the team have done a phenomenal job. During the year, they have increased market share. Obviously, we restarted over the last 18 months or so the 3 CMC facilities in Hope, Fallon and Juarez, and those folks are kicking in and fired up and passionate. But that gave us a geographic footprint to certainly garner some of those big box accounts, also warmer -- I think is warming up to us quite nicely.
Mark D. Millett: Well, we -- Sal, we look at all our operations as to whether or not or whether the financial viability is, not just Mesabi Nugget. But I think as we've communicated previously, over 1 year or so, 1.5 years ago, we put a plan in place and the intent was to bring that facility to kind of a breakeven point anyway at the end of last year. We did not achieve that. We did achieve the plan to get to 30,000 or confirm its ability to get to a 30,000-ton per month production rate and to get plant availability up over the required 85%, 87%. So that was achieved. And the iron constraint recovery and Mining Resources have certainly been achieved, and they've achieved production cost under $50 a ton as planned. As we also said, the issue has been once we got to the higher operating rates, we have a high appliance generation, and that is offset and I mean, they reduce yield and that has offset that attractive iron constraint cost considerably. And we've been focused on 2 main issues. That was hampered a little bit in November, December. The weather up there has been absolutely brutal. It's been in the minus double digits for, I don't know, the longest time, so it slowed our activities down by 1 month or so. But the focus is on the fines reduction and also the replacement of our reductant coal by lower-cost carbon sources such as char. There's been an immense learning curve over the last 3 months. We've identified several advancements that could have a material impact. And as I said earlier, once complete, we should be by the end of the quarter and no later than that, we will assess the commercial viability of the project against future projections of raw material markets and assess our next steps. I'd say the intent, Sal, as I said in the past for Mesabi Nugget not to be a prolonged anchor or source of losses.
Mark D. Millett: I will, Michelle. But I think the second half of '13, sheet pricing certainly appreciated, and there was some supply disruptions and there certainly was raw material pricing support as scrap moved up in the last couple months of the year. But I think the underlying appreciation was driven by demand. It's a little difficult to determine current market direction, I would suggest. Some would say that it's turned slightly. But given the way the holidays fell, given the incredibly bad weather, I think the market's only just getting back to work, really. And it's hard to say whether or not there is a material change in direction. As I said earlier though, the overall sentiment certainly -- market sentiment certainly doesn't correlate with what we have on our radar screen.
Mark D. Millett: Well, that's all you get from us, Michelle. And you also mentioned RG, I do believe that the domestic market has improved from a capacity standpoint. RG, depending on how you calculated the number of tons, you could say 8 million tons came into the market, but most of that hasn't really been in the market for the last couple of years, 3 years. But there's a good 3 million or 4 million tons or thereabouts.
Mark D. Millett: Well. I think the unknown is, obviously, the import. If you just forgot about the import scenario, again, on our radar screen, we're strong right across our universe. The one headwind for our industry, for us and our industry, is the import sort of spec so to speak. The global pricing on bands today exceeds the 150 that I've talked in the past about being kind of a hurdle that starts to attract import interest by our customers. And hence, we are probably going to see a little bit of a spike in imports coming up. Don't necessarily think it's going to be a wave or diluters that's going to dramatically impact our market. It's just creating a headwind for us.
Mark D. Millett: I think, generally, it's just going to set a ceiling or just compress our ability to increase and expand margins dramatically.
Mark D. Millett: The plant, you ask where is it running right now? I would tell you the minus 45 degrees, whatever they're seeing, slowing down just a heartbeat. So I can't, generally, say they're producing at 1 million tons right this second, but they have that ability without any doubt. And the cost structure is as we represented. There obviously is an opportunity to sell that concentrate out elsewhere. In fact, as you probably know, that asset is a joint venture with Larry Lehtinen's Magnetation. So they're taking about 20% of its volume and disposing it into third parties already. And given economics, you've got to consider world market, the constraint is, you got to consider freight. Obviously, there's ability, if it makes financial sense, to sell that to third parties.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I agree that we will -- we continue to sustain a very robust strong cash flow even in these tough times. I think from the standpoint of where do we deploy that cash, stock repurchase is not -- is something that we frequently assess as we do all of the different avenues of disposal of cash, but it's not preferential for us. We feel we can deliver much greater value by deploying those -- that cash elsewhere today. As you saw last year, we raised our dividend 10%. We don't intend to be a dividend stock, necessarily. We're still a growth company, so we would like to see a sort of a positive profile of our dividend going forward. You have also seen, as Theresa mentioned earlier, we refinanced here over the last 18 months. And if you look at our balance sheet, all the changes there too since 2011, we've had a positive impact of about $45 million of interest and stretched out on maturities, so we're looking very, very good there. We have brought our net debt down to -- to under our target, under 3x. I think we ended up the year at 2.6x. So we're following our sort of advertisement there. We continue to look at organic opportunities, and we've identified a few, but are not in a position, nor do we want to discuss them. We tend not to want to speculate, Luke. You're going to know -- when we decide to do something, then you'll know. But there are some smaller, incremental organic opportunities for us, certainly on the steel side. We're looking for growth opportunities outside of that, as we have always done in the past, with a focus on leveraging our core strengths. If you look at our different platforms, scrap, obviously, recycling is a challenging environment today. We'll have possibly some very minor expenditures. And when I say minor, $1 million here, $1 million there or $3 million for another ASR opportunity. But that's not a -- what I would consider a growth opportunity for us right now. We are well balanced, strategically. We got 7 million tons or so of steelmaking capacity. And our recycling divisions are probably have the capability anyway of 6 million to 7 million tons of collection, distribution and processing. So strategically, we're well matched. People in that space are still living in the past from a valuation standpoint, and so valuations are incredibly high. Margins are incredibly thin, and that would not be an arena that we're actively searching to spend our cash. Fabrication, I think Chris and the team have done a phenomenal job positioning themselves. Again, within 3 new joist assets and an additional debt line, they're well positioned to serve the market. We got 150,000 tons of excess capacity there, and the challenge to the team is execute, and I think they're doing just that. The greater focus, I would suggest, is on steel, because that's where the margin is today. And as I said earlier, I think we've identified a few opportunities that we're assessing, and we'll leave it at that.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. I'll just add, Dick and Barry [ph] and the team there have done a phenomenal job, I do believe, over the last 3, 4 years, building customer confidence. The focus is toward the higher end range of the quality range of SBQ, not just typical 1 inch, 10-18 bar, but in the highly alloy, highly customized grades. And given the quality they've achieved, and given as importantly, I think, just the timeliness of on-time delivery, I think, we are getting sort of a preferential sort of market exposure there.
Mark D. Millett: I guess, I don't know where you're leading us, Timna. But I don't believe there's been any material change.
Mark D. Millett: We never -- a part of our industry ventured into sort of CRU minus type contract arrangements. That's something that we never did. We based some of our contracts on CRU as the indication of where the market is, but not on a discount basis of any great nature. But I think we're business as usual.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think despite our -- I can't talk for our competitors, but we -- albeit off a low base and albeit gradual, we're continuing to see increased beam orders and we're continuing to see greater market share and greater volumes in joist. So I -- Timna, I don't see there being any hockey stick here where it's just going to take off, but we're just committed to our -- sustain our view that we're making, at least SDI, incremental progress in that arena. And I guess one -- I guess this is not very scientific, but as I travel around the country, I really do see more cranes in the air. There are more buildings going up, which correlates to what we see in our order book, I guess.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, Mike, the team up there has done a remarkable job in this challenging environment, pretty well, keeping the mill full. The -- our sort of lead times, or whatever, typically are not much more than 4 weeks anyway, particularly in hot-band. We, obviously, finished product through painted tend to stretch out maybe 6 weeks or so. But we intentionally keep a short order book to capitalize on any market inflection. So I don't believe -- Dick, jump in. I don't think we're concerned about hot-band being 2, 3 weeks out right now.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Mike, obviously, if you look over a little bit of time, Butler has picked up quite reasonably because that mill, not so long ago, was only 2.4 million tons. The team out there has gone from 2.4 million tons to actually shipping, physically shipping over 2.9 million tons last year in what is still a challenging market. So we have been getting a little bit more of the pie, I think. And To Dick's point, our focus is margin.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. Again, I think I've said it in the past and Russ has said it in the past, the crystal ball on the dimensional move is -- or the extent of the move is incredibly cloudy up till February -- I mean, January 31, how the end of the month. I think, again, we feel that it's there. Given the drift down in iron ore, if you look at that, it can come off a reasonable amount.
Mark D. Millett: I think it has that ability. It -- again, as we said earlier, we feel that domestic demand in the -- our sheet business remains strong. The headwind is import and how that will affect us. And I don't think anyone at this table is smart enough to figure out what the eventual outcome will be there. And whether it falls -- the pricing falls more than the scrap or not, I don't think so, personally. I think demand there, at least, again, I go back to our radar screen, is pretty positive right now. So there's going to be some support.
Mark D. Millett: Again, our focus and the need, I guess, is to get that yield improvement at the high production rates and to replace the principal reductant, the coal reductant that we use -- utilize today with a lower priced carbon source. And as I mentioned, we -- from what we've learned in November, December, we have determined that there's a couple things that is very, very prudent to test and try right now, and the learning curve of the team up there has been immense. I still have faith in them, but it's all predicated on being successful achieving those 2 things.
Mark D. Millett: We generate excess fines in the process. So the actual quality, solid, big nuggets, you might say, coming out of the process relative to raw materials going in is just not yielding where we were at the lower rates.
Mark D. Millett: If you've got 3 days, I'll be more into -- more than willing to get into the detail. But it's a process issue.
Mark D. Millett: Well thanks, Rob. And just for those still on the call, I would just like to thank you for your faith and support in us. And hopefully, that will remain going forward. I think we've got a great future ahead of us here at SDI. And more -- most importantly, thank you to our customers that might be listening. Thank you for your support and to our employees as well. And as I said earlier, guys, be safe out there each and every day. Thank you, all.
Theresa E. Wagler: Dave, that number just includes items that are approved to date. And so as we go through the year, Mark and Dick and the team never are without project ideas, so we'll update that number as we can.
Theresa E. Wagler: Typically, you would see that we've spent more than what we project at the beginning of the year, but it's because of individual projects that, as I mentioned earlier, are approved as we proceed through the year.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, the movement in the fourth quarter was fairly dramatic in inventory, and that was really specific to us trying to position ourselves for the first quarter. So that, given the fact that scrap pricing will be coming down, that's going to reverse itself pretty quickly in the first half of the year. So there is potential for working capital to bring back quite a bit of funding during the year, maybe in the tune of somewhere between $50 million and $75 million. But that all depends again on what the second half of the year looks like as well.
Theresa E. Wagler: John, as you probably are aware, that's a very complex series of calculations that take place to be able to support both our goodwill and our intangible asset value. And our measurement dates for those, for all of our operations, are October 1. So we went through that process, and at the end of the year, we have supported and we believe that our asset values are appropriately stated as represented on the balance sheet. And there's a lot of different assumptions that take place in those modelings, and we used future discounted cash flows to do that. We do expect and we've modeled in to have improvement in the metals recycling area for those projections, and we believe that those are sustainable based on some cost initiatives that are taking place in Mills Recycling. I think you would've seen that some of that took place in December. We did shutter one trying [ph] location. That's just an example. The mission of the ASR plans are other examples that increase profitability for the Mills Recycling arena. We also expect to see -- these are long-term projections. And so if you look at the next 3 to 5 years, we're expecting considerable increase in steel consumption both domestically and globally, and that's based on a lot of things that Mark has already spoken about. It's with that increased steel consumption you're going to have increased consumption on the Mills Recycling side as well. And we're uniquely positioned with Mills Recycling because we utilize anywhere between 40% and 45% of what our Mills Recycling operations produce in our own steel operations. So as our steel operations grow, we're also consuming more there, and that solid base load has a considerable impact on the profitability of our operations and the predictability versus some of our competitors. So we're very comfortable, and I know I haven't gone into specifics, but we wouldn't want to go into specifics related to that. Hopefully that answered your question.
Theresa E. Wagler: No. When you look at goodwill and intangibles, you're required to look at the cash flow generation platform that it's assigned to. So when we look at Metals Recycling and the goodwill and the intangible assets that are associated with that, we look only at the cash flow related to Metals Recycling. There is a competent of the Metals Recycling that benefits the steel and we do include that benefit, but it's incremental to the analysis itself.
Theresa E. Wagler: Great question, Phil. That's going to be ongoing. So 2 years ago, we switched from our ISO plan to restricted stock. And the restricted stock has a 2-year vesting period. This is the first year where we've had 2 grants outstanding at the same time. So now we'll be at a sustainable level of about $5 million per quarter. That's very similar to what it used to be with the ISO plan as well. We just had a hiatus for about 1 year where we didn't have 2 levels of planned outstanding at the same time.
Theresa E. Wagler: Right. And just assuming things stay the same given the expansion and our product capabilities and diversifications, one would expect that if things stayed the same that our shipments would improve from 2013 to 2014, setting new records.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, our capacity has grown. We have one -- we had in -- ending 2013, we had a capacity of 6.4 million tons, and that includes 1 million tons of processing capacity at The Techs. As so as you then add to that 325,000 tons of capability at our engineered special bar quality, now you're looking at closer to a 7.7 million ton of capacity. So there's still a lot of room to grow from a steel perspective as long as markets are supportive of that. And the growth -- the biggest growth would come through SBQ and through Structural.
Chris Graham: Well, in the first half of '13, there was a lot of big box. We're seeing the Amazon distributions, the Family Dollars, the big distribution centers. We've not seen as many of those in the second half of '13. The good news is that activity was sustained at levels that were near the first half of the year with the big boxes in it. So there's been the regular type work filling the void left by the big boxes, which we see as a sign of an improving -- a truly improving landscape.
Chris Graham: Well, I don't know what kind of color you want. We have our strong -- I can -- I'll talk in strength or weak Butler has a -- has our Flat-rolled bookings out into -- hot-band is February, of course, cold-rolled and galvanized and paint is March is what we would expect. There's few holes that are being filled, but we're not crashing and burning by any strength because we see it improving. We see the strengthening as Mark was referring to occurring. A little bit of pricing pressure because of imports was referred to by Mark earlier, but it's stable. Beams, we have one of our biggest backlog in beams and we've had since 2007 or so. Rail, again, it's a developing market by us. You can see it's a continuation of our record shipments. It's -- without saying a number, it's -- it continues. And it's being influenced by our desire to start anxiously making shipments head-hardened product but, we haven't made a firm commitment. We've been getting orders that have open-ended opportunities to ship either the head-hardened or standard rail, whichever is available. We appreciate that flexibility that some of our customers have given us, but they are supporting us in that -- in our development attempts. I already referred to, as Mark did, Barry's backlog down in Pittsboro of being the best it's been in 22, 24 months, and developing our opportunity to run full. And again, the toughest one is Roanoke, again, record shipments. That's toughest only because of margin and most -- and a lot of it's because of unfairly traded Rebar products that are being challenged in the trade cases and so forth, and hopefully, we'll have a positive resolution there by the industry. But I don't know how you want it referred to, but that's strengthening all the way around, very positive, and The Techs have been challenged because of all of the galvanized products on the East Coast and so forth. But we're not standing still, and they're pursuing other markets. And I think everything is fine from that perspective.
Chris Graham: Well, the backlog I was referring to is a combination of both. If I separated them out, I'd still tell you that the -- well, that's a close one. Since I've been gone from the beam business over there, primarily since 2006, it probably is the same as about then, when we were running so well. But when you add the rail to it, and they have a little bit of an advantage, they have a second beam mill over there that we're adding products to and so forth. But it's similar, so I'd tell you that the beam business is the same, so it's coming back, substantially, because they have a wider product range. I'm not telling you that the construction world is the same as it was in 2006 and '07. Don't take that as a -- because we're doing more OEM business and attacking other product opportunities. But the volume coming out of that mill, they beat the total volume that we shipped over the year by a couple thousand tons. That included some rail of 200,000 tons granite, and their challenge for this year is the -- without the rail beat the tons of beams, and then, add rail to it. So that's exciting from a Columbia City perspective. So I don't know if I answered your question, but the backlog is in total tons is higher than it's been in years.
Chris Graham: Again, we're not monstrously big on contracts and so forth. We are -- it's an evolving business, and we have to react as our competitors do. But we're not -- we haven't changed our philosophy, and we haven't changed the way we take our product to market. And so we might be one of the ones who have changed the least is, I guess, the way I'd analyze our changes if there were really anything of significance.
Chris Graham: No, I mean, we don't even hear anything from any real estates. I mean, guard -- we look down as far as in the pecking orders like guardrails and so forth, and there's really no strength in markets that respond to that. So it's business as usual, but nothing -- there's no big bills or anything that show support there yet.
Chris Graham: Well, needless to say that it's a market that is very transparent, and everyone is doing their best in trying to garner the maximum amount of revenue that they can. And so sometimes prices get announced. And if there's not 100% agreement as to where the market will move to or the timing of when that market move works, there sometimes has to be a realignment and an adjustment. And so, therefore, we went out with a price increase of $30 and on a date. And then ultimately, we didn't believe that, that price would be sustained or supported universally, and then lowered our price by $10 to a price that -- of $20 net, I mean, ultimately a $20 increase from where it had been by reducing it by $10 and felt that, that's where the market is and that's where we're selling at. So -- and that's where I think the rest of the market also moved to. So it's really a transparency in the market, and not much more can be said about it.
Chris Graham: Well, it's always -- when I say transparency, there's a customer reaction, there is order intake, there's a feedback, there's in many cases, in that kind of business, you carry inventory in those markets and whether your inventory is being depleted at the -- at a rate that is expected or shipments slow or speed up is an indication of acceptance or anticipation of moves. And so there's a whole lot of different tea leaves that the sales team and the management team have to be apparent taking advice from. And they did, and they determined that the adjustment was warranted and we're, I think, satisfied with it today.
Chris Graham: I don't even know that we could answer because, let's say, at Butler, if you're talking about growth rate of a shipment, we...
Chris Graham: We can't any bigger. Roanoke, I mean, if you're somehow figuring out how to break another record, we're always striving for that. Pittsboro did not ship at -- I mean, Pittsboro had production opportunities and, therefore, of course, shipment opportunities but not going back towards what we used to do. Columbia City shipped at a record and, therefore, things are always in a growth mode there. We have some capacity capabilities and as we've talked about, we have excess steel capacity within the company, and that's always on our radar screen in which to maximize. But it's really dependent upon a whole lot of things at each different product level and plant perspective.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think the only thing I can add to all that was the fact that Pittsboro is actually going back to full production. We've been on a reduced melting rate for quite a few months, but February will be our first month back to full 24/7 melt. We've been mostly on reduced melt Monday through Friday during the peak hours because the order book didn't support it. But we're expecting to continue that in February, and March is filling up. As you said, our backlog is our strongest it's been in over 2 years. And then the other thing you didn't touch on is Steel of West Virginia has a very steady and full book. And as much as Roanoke isn't seeing a great margin, they've been -- they had record shipments, and so their book remains full. The merchant bars and rebars are not the strongest sales pricing perspective, but it's a good volume. So we're thinking it's -- things have returned and they continue to, so I support everything you've been saying.
Richard P. Teets: And then I'll throw one more item in. Again, I'm very proud of the fact that just about every one of our divisions has brought new products on line. I can go down through and list them. But the one I'm very proud of is The Techs. We've developed the Galfan product and already year-to-date, we ran -- we haven't run 5,000 tons in January, but just about. And last year, we ran just -- just less than 6,000 tons of Galfan, and that was an expansion over 2,000 tons a year before. And so our sales efforts have been multiplying. And so we're very excited about the efforts that The Techs and the Flat Roll team have been putting into marketing that product and where we think that can take us. So there's things there that are real good at all of our divisions.
Richard P. Teets: At the SBQ facility, perhaps as we've been going along, we've been identifying the customers that will be -- come -- taking us along with them. We've been cultivating that business, and so we're very comfortable with the expansion into the smaller borrower arena with our existing customers, with new customers and the products that will be required to start filling that out. So we're prepared, we're comfortable with the expansion, even in light of other expansions going on in the marketplace. So we're excited.
Richard P. Teets: And I think there were -- it has to be -- remain on the radar screen is that we're not new to the small bar business. We've always had the capability of making small bars. We just elected not to. We have a small bar mill there, but it wasn't real desirable because the amount of reduction we had to take and the amount of effort that slowed us down, and there was a -- it was a better economic decision from a bottom line perspective to pursue larger bars. So it's not like we're entering into an arena that we haven't gone to or danced in the dance. So we have been there to the tune of over 125,000 tons a year, and so when we're talking of going to 325,000 tons, it's an expansion, not a new one for us.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, I apologize, if I -- by saying February, recognizing it's the 28th of the month or so. I wasn't thinking of it in that manner. I was thinking it's the end of -- we're sold basically through the end of February, and I wasn't trying to imply the first or second week. No, we're solid. We're very comfortable where we are, believing that we've sold at good prices. We're okay. We will run full, and that's where we like to be.
Richard P. Teets: Well, we're booked. I mean, we run full. Last year, we had very few days where we ran just a single caster. That's our indication that we had capacity left on the table. And if we had 10 days in a year, that -- then we look at how we can minimize those days, when we talk internally. Did we sell enough to New Millennium? Did we sell enough to The Techs? And the answer should be is, probably, no, in both of cases. Should we -- now that we have a leveling line -- that's what actually justified our leveling line because we felt we can make a higher quality product and take it to the market where we have customers who buy other products from us but were not buying as much light gauge from us because we were not delivering what they can perceive as high enough quality on the first 100 feet of our very light gauge products, and now we're leveling into the tune of 15,000 tons, 30,000 tons a month type of thing. And so we're excited about that, hopefully, filling up those few days of a single caster operation. So SDI, Butler, the Hot Mill is full. Now it's a matter of maximizing, as we always try to do. The value added is to benefit the bottom line and how can we always move product through there on a monthly basis to figure out can we get any more revenues from painted, Galvalume painted, cold-rolled painted, just pure cold galv, whatever the mix can be, based on gauge and ultimately resulting tonnage.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, I think certainly, the pressure is downward on the scrap market here at least in the first quarter. I think it will take Turks probably the first quarter or so to get their balance figured out as what they're going to do. And that step, well, it certainly has a big impact. But I think you said it well, Mark. I think the pressure -- the obvious pressure downward may be mitigated somewhat by the weather conditions. They're [indiscernible] slow, but again, I think there's -- once the weather warms up, there's ample supply of scrap.
Russel B. Rinn: No, I think certainly, we are seeing that, again, is that the scrap piles up on the coast, it is not being exported. It's going to find a home. And so we are seeing that move from the coast inland, some of it has come all the way into the Midwest, and in some cases, we have purchased some of that for our steel mills.
Russel B. Rinn: Mark, I would add that the fact remains that from a low of 400,000 tons of joist sold in the country just 3 or 4 years ago, '14 looks like it's going to be over 800,000 tons. So I think one can argue about the hockey stick shape. But so far, we continue to see that type of slow, steady improvement.
Russel B. Rinn: I think there's been some speculation on the impact of DRI. I think it will come. We'll see some of that, and it'll ramp up as our production comes up. I think the primary impact is likely to be on the pig iron and some the other high-value substitutes much more than the obsolete scrap. Primes will certainly see some -- have some impact with it, but, again, I think, there's still a significant number of imported iron units, whether that's imported iron ore, converted, or whether that's pig iron or whether that's just regular scrap that's imported. It's also going to be impacted some. While there is going to be an impact and likely some downward pressure particularly on primes, again, markets are what they're going to be. And from a scrap perspective, from our perspective, we're going to buy, we're going to sell in whatever the market is and do what we need to do to expand our margins as well.
Russel B. Rinn: I think it's a combination of both. But what gets bought on the coast normally is shredded because that's primarily predominant export. So there's a -- the vast majority of it is going to be shredded material.
