Mark Millett: Well, thank you Marlene. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It’s certainly been an interesting first quarter of 2015, some significant industry shifts have taken place that were fundamental for the domestic steel community, and I believe others are still occurring. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Theresa, for a few comments, before providing thoughts on these industry and market dynamics, and how Steel Dynamics is positioned for both near and longer term opportunities within the landscape.
Mark Millett: Well, I think, Luke our perspective on DRI in particular is one that still, we have problem returning or having a good return through the cycle that there will be good times perhaps, but it’s not a technology that we want to invest in. Yeah, it may give you iron units at the current market price, but it’s not, I don’t believe, it’s going to return you a great deal of money on your investment. Regarding the Mesabi nugget, selling with the recent drop in iron ore costs along with the strengthening dollar, pig iron pricing decreased significantly recently. It’s only pierced the level of the price support for the last several years, 360, probably 380 has been a floor for pig iron. And it certainly has pierced that and currently they ran about 260, 270, 275 in the Netherlands, but certainly below our cash cost nugget. The sourcing has changed although for Brazil, it’s been our principal importing partner so to speak. But that has changed, Russia seems to be the predominant supplier today. And I’m not so sure how long that will last, obviously the valuation of the Ruble, and then iron ore costs is - makes it very attractive for them to bring it in today. But we’re just accessing the longevity of the current pricing environment. And as I said, we continue to review, discuss it at our board meeting in May. And I’m sure we’ll make the prudent decision as we go forward.
Mark Millett: I believe that there is opportunity for upward price movement as inventories subside. Obviously, the - you’ve got a period of excess inventory overhang today. I do believe pricing has overcorrected as mills have struggled to retain an adequate backlog. The import discount today is significantly below the $100 to $150 per ton, but it has taken for customers to take a speculative risk for import volume. So, I think naturally, as the inventory level does subside, and I think it is - if you look at our order profile, people are coming to us with large orders today, and they are prompt orders. Those are signs we’ve seen in the past that inventories are sort of are getting holes, and becoming more imbalanced. As that inventory level subsides, I expect naturally the market can absorb a price increase.
Mark Millett: Yeah. I think the recent uptick in oil price is certainly directionally the right thing to have in first. Again, in that space, you’ve got a massive inventory overhang that needs to dissipate, and you also have a considerable input volume. But with time we’ll turn that market around, and I think later in the year, and it’s going to take some time for that inventory to dissipate down.
Mark Millett: I would suggest that they are working quite well on the cost compression. Certainly, just recently, I think the team renegotiate with the power contract down there that will bring savings, and on the customer front diversifying the product mix, a new steel team, I think has done incredibly good job penetrating BMW, BW and the Ford, late to pick up potential opportunity there.
Mark Millett: We still have an incredible excitement there. Yeah again as I said earlier, it’s really unfortunate that the energy in market didn’t last a year, but they - we’ve been challenged before, and we’ll survive this one too.
Mark Millett: I think, Evan, it’s a little too early to tell because again lead times are or backlogs aren’t stretched out into May or June as yet. We’ll certainly see on the sheet side the benefit of scrap move as that inventory, high priced inventory got consumed in March and April and lower price stuff gets consumed later in the quarter. I would suggest that our fine values, particularly with Butler they have been historically, have been above the general market. And again, that pricing has come off as we come closer to market and maintain a backlog. So, we anticipate some margin expansion, it’s difficult to quantify like this one.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess all I say is that needless to say current legislation as it moves through Congress is being watched whether it would be TPA or TPP. I guess we are independently pursuing lobbying in a manner that is a responsible through our elected officials on those issues. And we’re also supportive of potential legislation whether it would be through an independent move or an addendum to another build that’s there for the modifications of the injury calculations. Again tragically it takes a catastrophic collapse on industry’s part whether it’d be steel or any to really do the terminations and so we’re looking for different definitions to be used from an injury calculation standpoint but I can assure you that we are not resting on our laurels looking at filing trade cases on many other different products that are being under siege in the steel community.
Mark Millett: Well, as I said no timetable has been determined. I don’t know that there’s a written rule that’s talk about two quarters of losses. It has to do with performance needless to say negative performance is - what is looked at and the magnitude of that. And so, sometimes it occurs in a longer period and sometimes it’s very quick and dynamic. And so, each and everyone has looked at independently.
Mark Millett: Thanks for the question. I think that the demand capacity relationship is such that, there is no flow that’s going to fall off from under us, if steel prices increase, I believe we’ve been able to move those along through the supply chain. Things are just very well positioned at the moment in our industry. And we should be able to react to, whichever direction things are at.
Mark Millett: Well, it’s certainly not being subsidized, the transfer pricing is based on pig iron pricing essentially. You also have to remember that - pig iron go into the electric arc furnace which adds substantial both the cost and productivity advantage. So iron dynamics is integral into the productivity, and the cost structure of Butler, but under itself, it’s still a profitable entity.
Mark Millett: Yeah, I’d prefer to wait until we have that review in May, and make a final decision and we’ll let you know the details.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, as we discussed, and I think, as you look into our results, we had an incredible quarter even as challenging as it was and kind of cash generation was quite dramatic and again sort of a testament to our operating model, a low cost structure, highly variable cost and the team is just doing a phenomenal job. And we expect that strong cash generation to continue in any event in any market. You saw that we increased our dividend 20% in the first quarter, again I think that’s testament to, where we see the future of that cash generation, certainly the confidence, I am more confident in our performance and continued performance. So far as sort of cash allocation beyond that, we do feel that there are some small organic projects that we can still leverage and then also as you indicated, there’re going to be acquisition opportunities, I think going forward. Our focus, I would suggest is not in scrap in any great way. Obviously, that industry, as we’ve suggested in the last 12 months is about to go into a shakeout and I think we’re on the doorstep of that - there is a lot of financial stress throughout scrap organizations everywhere we look. I don’t believe that we will be in part of that shake out in a larger way. I think our focus seems to be downstream, and still make inside of our business, for sure, where we can get a value-add opportunity and increase the quality of our margin. And now, New Millennium is executed on its growth path, done an incredible job. I think it was a couple of years ago, Chris when we -- after we both see, we repositioned that business, had a lot of management sort of change to fill that up. His charge - his teams charge was to go execute, that they done so. And I believe there might be opportunities that we can also give them support.
Mark Millett: Well, and I do would say yes. They would be mindful of the relative pricing between domestic and global markets. The human nature and capitalism tends to get away from here - from time-to-time. I don’t believe, we will see pricing spreads get up to the $200, I think it was $230 a ton that back in -- look forward over the last year. I think there’s every opportunities to expand margin though. Again, I do believe pricing is over corrected as mills have chased the backlog. The spread between domestic global pricing has dissipated dramatically today, it’s certainly way below the $100 and $150 premium that or discount that attracts an inflow of ton. And I also think that the whole utilization obviously there has been less fixed cost absorption at the mills. So, as we go forward, as pricing sort of rebalances, as we pick up more volume, the fixed cost per ton will increase. And so, there is certainly margin expansion opportunity with a stable scrap market.
Mark Millett: Well, it’s difficult to see that raw material costs go much lower with oil pricing like it’s come up a little bit here in the last week or two. But $50, $55, I would suggest is certainly - certainly a flow. And scrap pricing, I believe has reached to the flow, and level of stability. As Russ indicated in the last call, that the reset button has certainly been pushed and I believe the scrap arena, the recycling world is realizing that we are doing a new level now. The flow - absolute flow has started to come back as brokers and dealers recognize that it’s not just a [indiscernible]. So I think there is opportunity as previously discussed for the market to pick up, pricing to pick up and margin to pick up through the end of the year. We’re a cyclical business. Those un-relations will continue to be there - the rest of our lives more likely. We endeavor to try and mitigate or mute those cycles to a small degree. Again our focus is in a very broad product diversification. We see that the advantage there at Butler and in our other mills. We certainly see the Achilles’ heel when you don’t have that at Columbus right now. And I’m confident that the team over the next 12 months will diversify that mill such that we never see such a - some of the re-inversion again going forward. So, I think, yes, we see those in un-relations. I do believe you will. But they’re probably being more like those in 2012-2013 and not as precipitous is the one that we’ve seen.
Mark Millett: So, I would say, I don’t see a massive changes in underlying demand. Our major headwind as an industry, certainly I think probably only one that concerns me is the SDI - is the input pressure.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- on the scrap raw material side, it’s not much different than we’ve reported previously. We carried about four weeks or five weeks typically of a - the typical production the month at steel mills. So, the -- you got two of it, one, the industry fell through, which would typically suggest that you’re going to see the lower raw material level hit in sort of April, essentially May timeframe. That extends a little bit, because the production levels have been down in April. So we should see sometime in May, June, our own material cost come down. On the timing of pricing - our product pricing on the sheet side of our business, we can’t lag the CRU index of the market, I would say buyback [indiscernible].
Mark Millett: I don’t think we will - there’s a need to put full pressure - look when you say pressure on pricing, I assume, downward pressure. I don’t believe that there’s any need for further downward price structure. I think we’re going to see that we’ve hit a bottom. See things, again you got a couple things happening like as you know, inquiries have no doubt coming down, we’re seeing it as I said in the order profile that our customers have given us. You also have some blast furnaces that are out so the demand is - demand, capacity generally has ebbed little bit. So I don’t see a need for downward pricing pressure, I think we’ve bottomed, the spread between domestic pricing and global pricing has eroded to a point where at least if I was a customer or consumer, I’ve got no idea why you would take a speculative risk, the quality risk, the claim risk, and everything else associated with an import done today. So, import levels should naturally start ebbing, and then take any pressure from.
Mark Millett: I think is the price, well, the dollar does two things. I guess, it creates the import pressure, which puts pricing pressure to our market, and it produces the operating costs of strong competition, which gives them a greater ability to reduce cost. I think that the principal headwind as I said to both the utilization and the product pricing is the level of import.
Mark Millett: It depends, it depends where you see the dollar go, is it going to strengthen significantly more than we see today. I think our perspective is that this is going to be a pretty stable. It certainly not going to weaken in the near-term for sure. It certainly will create that the input [indiscernible] competition to bring materially, the price of up handle and put up and today. I think it is 400ish per ton. By that time you get that to a Midwest location, probably run about at 450, 460 and lo and behold that’s where the market price is today.
Mark Millett: I think it’s a lot of - let roughly expand and let’s what it is more of the shuffling of the cards, the scrap reservoir actually is good, the prime generation is phenomenal, right now. Again because the old model seems so strong, that’s why you’re seeing the kind of the inversion of the prime obsolete premium. I think as the industry goes through a shake, the impact is not necessarily on the price of scrap, the market price of scrap to the mill, it’s a matter of what the scrap industry pays for its obsolete scrap. Obviously today there’s fierce competition between all the players, and there’s a lot of them, and that changes. So will there be competition for those units? Russell.
Mark Millett: Well, our cost structure given that the price of scrap coming down is obviously dropped. And I would suggest that relatively as others come down, that’s where we change our relative position. But they’ve come down closer to us, and we remain as effective and as efficient as anyone. I think, the recent scrap move is certainly reestablished the industry and the states to be at somewhat on a hard metal cost basis, attractive, whereas the integrated mill have a advantage there for a few months.
Mark Millett: Well, I think it tends to be more established sort of the trade roots in the relationships on the sheet side of the business. And just the physical nature of the [indiscernible] versus the structural tends to make it more meaningful to import. Structural quarter-over-quarter has seen a slow, but continue to increase in the import level for sure. I think that may have anticipated a little bit, here recently, because the industry readjusted it’s pricing. What was that though…
Mark Millett: Well, the indicators we watch, if you look at the typical order life cycle for us, Brian it’s about 12 weeks, 13 weeks. So you’re about at the quarter. Code activities are stiff, remained strong, so we believe that that’s indicative at least through the next quarter. We see continued strength in the architectural billing index. We see bookings year-over-year as the industry still in double-digits. So, we don’t have any cold water to pull on it at the moment. We only have that to go by, and right now, our customers are fairly bullish. The one thing, we don’t face quite to the extent of our other product lines is the import pressures. Most of our imports that we compete with come from are limited in North America. And so, we are really sensitive to what the domestic markets doing, and how our industry is aligned to serve that market and both remained healthy at the moment.
Mark Millett: Well, needless to say with our product diversification, by mill we don’t have as a large of a concentration as some of our domestic competitors doing a long products arena, but rebar remains under attack even with the successful or partially successful trade case that was a result on rebar. I will tell you that we’ve tried to remove our self from the rebar market as much as possible, serving our longtime loyal customers and so forth, but just reducing the amount of exposure that we are attempting to turn on from an inventory cycles perspective. Another long products, I’d tell you that we’re doing extremely well, Steel of West Virginia running flat out basically a 100% utilization of their time. They’ve brought on 12 new sections of [indiscernible] flats and so that’s product differentiation there is no other domestic competitor. Those are used in ship building and marine applications and we’re getting tremendous reception from the marine architects and fabricators and so forth. So we’re excited about that, but it is a different dynamic than the flat roll, the product by product again we developed a new product in Pittsboro, a threaded rod. We’re going to trial three inch threaded rod this quarter and that just stands to again be another success to us. So we have a little bit greater opportunity to push out and into other arenas in the long products. They are all demanding but we are very proud of the efforts that have been made today.
Mark Millett: Yeah, I think to put a number on it, we’re probably around $12 million $15 million by the end of the year.
Mark Millett: I don’t think we have, Charles. Not yet. It’s probably a little premature. But certainly if that does happen, I think it would certainly help Columbus in a great way. I think they’ve got a doubling line down there, doubling lines, which will help dramatically.
Mark Millett: Sure. They’re thinking it. Needless to say we’re thinking about the customer from the scrap side and so it’s cuts both way there.
Mark Millett: Well, I think, I can tell you that again each of us in the steel industry look at who we believe the targets of our - of our cases should be, we divide up those and work on them independently. Everyone who is participating in a possible trade case will bear a share of responsibilities to go into the home markets of those countries, determine what the market, home market prices are for the products in question. And we also then do research on subsidy potential because as you pointed out that the account bearing duties are really to address the subsidy issue and antidumping of course is the unfair trade practices of selling in our market at a number as lower than our market or other markets that they serve. And so, I can tell you that there is some tremendously large percentage of damages, potential damages that we believe are being exploited improperly, illegally and those would be the subject of any case. But even a question earlier about the strengthening dollar, and whether that would influence from a pricing, as the dollar is moving in single digit percentages, I’m talking double digit and triple digit damage being done here, in some cases or in some products, and so, it could be, we’re not worried about the changing dollar to really affect the trade case issues.
Mark Millett: Well, again I cannot speak for - I only deal with my trade council, and I can’t talk about as I don’t know about any of our competitors, and their material injury, needless to say their products where as an industry we’re under attack and yet SDI still makes a profit. So, therefore we had to wait until all the trade councils communicate on those issues, and then that of course would affect the timing.
Mark Millett: I’ll let you conclude at that, but I would suggest, and I’ve not looked in detail, not just recently quantifying the difference between this year, last year, and any other year. But sequentially, again as we suggested earlier, the - on the upside of business we should see the benefit of scrap that was sold in the second quarter flowing in. As Chris alluded to and I alluded to, yeah, she thinks that it will little soon and I with six weeks to eight weeks after February. We put the full benefit there, obviously the market pricing on the sheet is under pressure at the second, but as that inventory dissipates we truly believe, we’ll see an uptick in pricing because of the that the I don’t say priority, but the erosion of domestic level pricing. So, generally we should see margin expansion in to some degree not massively in the second quarter, something we’ll see it through the second half of the year.
Mark Millett: It’s just a magic, Aldo. It’s just a magic. No, it’s just again, it’s good and top team, and the depth and the talent of our scrap team. They - again manage their business very well, they did a good job of controlling their inflows and maximizing their outflows, and it’s just as simple as that. Again knowing that that we saw that’s coming, and since that coming that we managed our business quarterly and again it contributes to the team.
Mark Millett: I would say, it’s still bad luck there, although there is still awful lot of competition out there as we talk about earlier. So, again we’ve got a still lot of orders, so we’ve got - we’ve got to participate at whatever level. So, ideally when the script selling price goes down, the buying price ought to go down in accordance or more, that’s always what we try to do, whether we’re successful at it, I guess we’ll have to wait to see in June or in July.
Mark Millett: Yeah. I think we stated out of that -- too soon to know, but we’re going to get the scrap benefit. Order backlogs are not substantial. So you don’t know really where the May, June pricing will end-up. What we do feel that there’ll be a slight margin expansion are.
Mark Millett: Again Phil, without transparency into May and June it would be hypothetical at this moment in time. I would say though that it’s up, again Butler and the - and Columbus in particular have had strong bookings and there is no reason to think that as inventory dissipates, that should change.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, everyone. I don’t know if anyone still on the call after we beat that dead horse and then in times on spread, and market. But I just would like to emphasize the differentiation of our team, and our company, and our business model. I think we’re continued to be well positioned, a low-high variable cost structure, the low fixed costs coupled with the highly diversified product mix, will continue to generate a very, very strong cash flow through the cycle. And as things, pickup, it should pick up also. We certainly clearly differentiated ourselves, I think consistently outperformed our peer group. And we got a passionate team and have a wonderful customer base to support that. Our organic initiatives, engineered bar and rail are proving to - continue to prove our abilities there. New Millennium Building Systems, I mean continues to shine and so I think we’re well positioned to going forward, so I appreciate your continued support of our company. And to our customers, thank you for your support also. To our employees, sincere thanks; your passion for excellence, hard work and dedication is backbone of our company and just as we all say each and every day, each and every minute we say, thank you all.
Theresa Wagler: Luke, I would add that, I wouldn’t want you to forget that we do have Iron Dynamics, which has been producing around 250,000 metric tons of pig iron for the Flat Roll Division in Butler, which is very important to their productivity. So, we do have an additional iron source as well.
Theresa Wagler: So, we’ve valued the Minnesota operations, Tony together. And at the end of December, we felt like we had it down to the fair value, and I would suggest that the nugget facility itself has been written down substantively.
Theresa Wagler: And then just as a reminder, natural gas is about 3% to 4% of our manufacturing costs and then electricity tends to be closer to 67%.
Theresa Wagler: Well, there’s several different projects that we have that we’re looking at internally and will announce those and talk about those when we get to a point in price where we’re ready to execute but I just think it could possibly push up the CapEx later this year as this projects get approved.
Theresa Wagler: Mike, just to be clear - the drop that you would have seen in the quarter called scrap taken in February - so for the February buy. We typically would have seen most of that in March where we’re not able to see that in March. We’re going to see that more in April. This timeframe we can just slow our production. And so as Mark talked about [indiscernible]. So we’re still - we’re going to see some of that benefit earlier in the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: The other thing, I’d just pass you to remember is that, we treat 85% to 90% of all our cost are actually variable in the nature, which is something that most of these are these other operations can’t really approach that level which is a big benefit on the competitive side as well.
Theresa Wagler: Brian, from what we can see right now, I don’t think, it’s unreasonable, we’ve think that double-digit growth in shipment is possible based on market expectations in our current market share.
Theresa Wagler: Aldo, I think do we still have an opportunity for some working capital reduction - that working capital reduction that you witness in the first quarter was largely related to value versus there are still opportunity on the volume side. So I still think there is some opportunity for some working capital funding into the second quarter.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. We had - at Columbus, we had the two best weeks since September and we see it continuing, we believe.
Unidentified Participant: Again, to try to give you a little granularity, it’s difficult to do, because we’ve really been pushing new products, we’ve been pushing expansion into automotive and into other applications and which are new for SDI, but we’re begun under the Severstal [ph] reign and now being developed in a more fully fashion. So it’s a pretty much across the board, we’re very pleased with the receptance, we’ve improved the pickling performance, as well as coal rolling and galvanizing, and those in turn are giving us opportunities to go back to customers that we may have failed in the past. And so those aren’t necessarily new products, but they are headway into a market that we’ve been absent from for a little while.
Unidentified Participant: And I guess, all I’d say is that, I think we’ve turn the corner in the beginning of the reestablishing our relationships with our customers that are down in the region, but there’ve been customer of Butler, and not being fully utilized from a Columbus perspective, and those relationships are being warmed up, and hopefully bearing fruit.
Unidentified Participant: I believe that underlying demand, our picture of the underlying demand remains relatively intact with the exception of across in energy, it depends on when you say at the end of the year, but you go back to the September, October, our energy thoughts were perhaps a little different than that’s of today. Automotive remains incredibly strong, manufacturing appears solid to us and we do believe construction is, continues to recover. The performance at New Millennium is just outstanding. I think it gives us a window into the recovery. Unfortunately the beam market isn’t necessary seeing that same shift, as we’re fighting with same issues of the sheet. Inventory overhang there, you got a pretty large amount of inflow steel that came in at the end of last year in that last couple of months and that needs to dissipate. As the weather changes, that inventory dissipates there, I think our structure business will pick up, back up.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. I think, it needless to say, as you just mentioned blast furnace outages, as they run through their slab inventories and so forth. There’s maintenance outages, we think advantageously took our maintenance outages early, and have those behind us, and are prepared to take advantage of the opportunities going forward, and that would needless to say translate into a slightly higher share, may not be sustainable in the real long-term when flat furnaces come back in the market, but our mission will be to hold on to with and play for more.
Unidentified Participant: Well, I just say that we continue to explore our synergies on a weekly basis, we have employees going both directions, in all the arenas, whether it would be melting, casting or hot rolling. And then finishing as you pointed out that we have a great opportunity we just put a manager and galvanizing, he comes out of the Butler operations. We deployed the existing galvanizing manager into the engineering arena. And so there has been a management shift to try to bring maybe faster acceleration of the integration and the synergy recognition between them. But I don’t have a dollar, I can’t dollarize it for you, but I would tell you that both teams are serious about it. Butler is gaining knowledge from the way Columbus has done things in the past. And Columbus is I think reaping the benefits and will continue to of the integration process and the realization of those synergies as we go forward here.
Unidentified Participant: I mean one point again, we’ve introduced different ways of thinking about stuff and I think there actually their head count is down by 45 people. And again not because they’re put into any distressed mode so forth. It’s actually just a different methodology, we had different programs. We’re still going to implement order entry systems that for that we’ve developed over the years and that will help them streamline opportunities we’re not - we’re not done.
Unidentified Participant: But I think needless to say they have options, they’ve have other facilities in which they supply slabs. And so it would be I think a little bit premature for us to determine what U.S. Steel’s thinking is going to be as far as total asset utilizations.
