Mark Millett: Well, as it depends, to be honest, on the product from an over time, it will improve, obviously. Our target for the UBC is around about 90% to 95%. UBC raw material. But for the can sheet will be 90%, 95% with a certain aim of 95%. And I think that to some degree is reliant -- is achievable because of the segregation technologies that we've developed to get differentiate the 5,000 series from other products. The automotive would be lower than that. And I think our aim would be around about 70%.
Mark Millett: I think the question was the low copper [shrimp]. Yes, we're continuing to expand that to all our shredding operations. As far as the absolute volume I would just say we -- in addition to the technologies to segregate the scrap, the fare scrap, get the copper residuals out requires quite a bit of know-how in the melt shop to fully utilize that. So we've been expanding that growth down to our Mississippi mill and also into Sinton. So right now, we have a very healthy mix at our Columbus flat roll or Butler flat roll mill, where we have the requirements we need. So the investments that Omni's making takes that product even further down into the South where we can get better utilization at the other flat rolled mills. So we're very excited about the opportunity and also how to deploy it once it gets to the mills. That's -- as -- probably half of the problem is how to get it usefully into your mix in the mills. And we're making great progress on that as well.
Mark Millett: To this point, it's at the shredding facilities. And it is a series of equipment to pull the value streams out along the way. So not only does it reduce the copper in the actual scrap shred for setting to the mills, but it also allows us to obtain better recoveries in the other elements coming out of the scrap stream, the Zorba the Twitch and so forth. So at the facility is the best place to put those. And right now, that's where our focus -- our efforts have been focused.
Mark Millett: I can't give you the actual number, but we're confident that we will be able to create a volume that matches our productivity of our sheet mills.
Mark Millett: And if I could add and perhaps expand a whole further. And we took a little bit of a little below in an hour's report last night with our performance there at Sinton. But I think there needs to be a recognition that we're developing the next-generation technology down there. It is an absolutely phenomenal technology and it's what the world is going to be using going forward. And the important things such as the product qualities that we wanted to achieve, the improved surface quality, the tougher higher-strength qualities produced through the moment mechanical rolling. But the productivity, the design capability from a productivity standpoint is totally proven. We can produce over 5,000 tons a shift down there. So the technology is absolutely there. All we have to do is simply increase the utilization of that facility.
Mark Millett: And to be honest, today, we can sell every time we can produce in Sinton, it's not a market restricted shipment number. And I think you also have to look at the incredible growth that will take place in demand growth that will take place in Mexico over the next few years. If you look at we -- and others talk about onshoring, reshoring, transhoring, however you want to look at it, the growth then in Mexico, you've got to be there to witness and experience is absolutely phenomenal. So the market is going to continue to grow as we anticipated back in, I think, '18 -- 2018, 2019, when we came up with the project in the first place.
Mark Millett: As we say, I said earlier, the initial material for qualification of the can sheet and auto will start in '25. As you can recognize, the consumer base is not necessarily going to dedicate long, long, long contracts at that moment in time. But come to the end of '26 would expect the longer-term contracts, which in those markets are three, four years duration would be in '26.
Mark Millett: Well, I think, John, as we see the imports, I think generally for the year, year-to-date are up like 10% or thereabouts and that the licenses are mitigating a little. The propensity is in coated products. They were up minus 60% year-to-date. And obviously, the spread, the hot band, the coated spread is still above $200 or thereabouts and our dear foreign friends have taken advantage of that to some degree.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess from my perspective, there's certainly some noise and perhaps short-term aggravations going back and forth. But longer term, as I said earlier, the growth -- the steel demand growth within Mexico is going to continue to be considerable. They're going to continue to be still short. They're going to need our products. In particular, they're going to need our coated and downstream products, perhaps more -- a little more so than hot band. But they're going to be still short and in the big picture, I don't see a material problem now.
Mark Millett: Well, again, thank you, everyone. I just want to close and saying, I think SDI, it's an incredible company doing incredible things. We couldn't do it without our inspirational teams and their families. We can't do it without the support of our loyal customers. We will continue to work with you to create innovative value creating opportunities for you, both of things you need today and what you may not even know you need tomorrow. And again, we need the support of our service providers that you folks are integral with everything we do. And for those that are shareholders, thank you for your faith in us. We treat your investment as our own, and we will continue to grow our company wisely. Thank you. Have a great day. Be safe.
Barry Schneider: On the outage front out in Sinton, the work we had to do take place in the high-voltage switchyard. So we bring in transmission voltage in Texas. We're the only facility in the state of Texas that actually brings in 345,000 volts. So in the early April outages, we put the concrete down it's necessary to support the equipment and made bus modifications. And as the equipment arrived, there's a protocol of both testing the equipment, pressurizing it, safely bringing it to a position where we're ready to turn it on. And during that process required us to they have the high voltage also shut off. So as we actually got the equipment fully on-site, fully installed and now turned on the equipment, there's a series of outage that comes along with that. And we kind of identified the kind of the key steps in the process. So we did have a slight delay with the hurricane situation in South Texas. And just out of prudence, we decided to make sure we weren't in the process of messing with our high-voltage system when we add hurricane winds. So we're in a much better place now. We're very comfortable that we've addressed the root cause. We put in some new safety gear that works in the electrical world, and that's as deep as I can go into it myself, I'm mechanical guy. But we're confident that we're positioned now to really fully utilize the power in the furnace. And the teams are practice-wise are up to speed. So we do see this as a big key step in getting even more productivity out of the plant.
Barry Schneider: We're very confident that the products that we offer out of site, as Mark spoke, we had to get new technology to be able to respond to the customer base in that region. We're selling quite a bit of tons into Mexico. And a lot of these tons are heavier, higher strength steels where we find more value, and there are also products that the market needs in that region. So we've been welcomed across the different market segments with the abilities that we brought to the table there. So we do see the market being receptive to having a regional supplier. As you know, the import action in that area is particularly different. It's heightened versus the rest of the country. And so to have a local supply chain of high-value products is welcome right now for the customer base. And when I say regional, that's Mexico, we're a few short hours truck right in the Monterrey. So we continue to see good response, good results down there. And we're being very judicious with our time. We know we will develop new products in the future. But right now, we have a very good offering. And with the new value lines, both painted and galvanized capability, we're able to really penetrate further into the markets where there wasn't local providers before. So we remain really bullish on what the capability in the market is to absorb high-value tons from a regional source.
Barry Schneider: We don't see the trade dynamics changing with Mexico in the short-term. There is an effort, of course, to stop the surge, and there's been recent activity in the 232. We anticipate that the products that we're currently moving into Mexico will continue to move that way. There is a shortage in the Mexican market because of other outages that are in Mexico. So we'll continue to take advantage of opportunities where it makes sense. And as we look at the total capacity, we -- like most things, as a steel plant, it's not a light switch, we just turn on. So as we look towards growing through the second half of the year, we believe as we look at the second half, we're going to achieve those utilization rates.
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, you're correct. So for the second quarter, we were basically breakeven from an EBITDA perspective. And so there's very high expectations for the second half of the year as it relates to Sinton.
Theresa Wagler: So yes, the balance sheet does have extra capacity for leverage. As you know, ahead of large projects, organic projects, specifically like Sinton at just under $2 billion and now the aluminum investments at $2.7 billion. We like to be a little more conservative with the balance sheet and build cash in advance of those investments so that we can make sure that we still have optionality for growth if there would be a downturn, because we like to have that optionality, you tend to get better value and better valuations and return in a weaker demand environment. So there is room on the balance sheet. And that's why we've been able to actually stay consistent and grow the shareholder distributions during these high-growth period, which is very important to us and we think is very beneficial to the shareholders as well. So we -- you will likely see us continue -- well, you will see us continue with our strong shareholder distributions. There are other opportunities for growth. There are some organic opportunities that the teams are talking about, they're not nearly at the size or scope of aluminum at Sinton, but they are absolutely beneficial differentiating high return, et cetera. In addition to that, we do believe that there could be some optionality in transactions. We're very particular. We're very disciplined as it relates to acquisitions, ensuring that there is an appropriate valuation and return for Steel Dynamics. So you do see us being more disciplined than some others in the industry. But that being said, we think that there will be some opportunities along those lines as well. So I would just say more of the same, yet at the same time, we understand that the balance sheet is there to use.
Theresa Wagler: I would just add to that, that we have -- there's a very extensive both demand draw and plan in place for 2025 and 2026 purposely with a numerous number of customers that have already indicated volumes that they would have available to us, for all of the industrial for the automotive and for the can sheet. So it's a very robust commercial dialogue that we're having, and we feel very confident in having the ability to market those materials in the interim.
Theresa Wagler: No. For the 2026, Alex, that's not the exit rate. That's for the full year. The exit rate would be close to full capacity in 2026.
Theresa Wagler: Carlos, we can't be specific about that. I would tell you that from a historical basis, it's very strong on a go-forward basis, and there has been stabilization in pricing and specifically around the joist products and the decking products as well. So that's all the color we can give you. I apologize.
Theresa Wagler: None of it related to really the aluminum mill at this point in time because we're still constructing and as it relates to the San Luis Potosi slab center they're just getting ready to kind of start maybe building some scrap reserves in anticipation of slab production in the first quarter of 2025. As it relates to the build, there has -- there was a structural increase in inventories related to the four value added lines as we were putting substrate in front of those lines in anticipation of ramping them up during this period of time. And so there will still be some increase as Sinton ramps up the second half of the year structurally, but there is also availability of inventory reduction at the long product steel mills and some of the other areas. So I would expect to see working capital not be a significant draw in the second half of the year, but rather potentially be either not neutral or a funding source. The biggest part of the moving cash flow was really our estimated tax payments in the quarter.
Theresa Wagler: We're very comfortable with our cash flow generation capability at this point in time, given what we can see, there's no expectation of changing our capital allocation policy for the remainder of the year.
