Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, as we suggested, it is incremental. And one -- I think it's difficult for us to figure out whether that is truly the market or whether we're picking up market share. If it was a much larger increase, then I could say yes, the market is changing dramatically. But if you combine just the incremental increase in wide-flange and you combine the positive nature of our performance at new millennium, our fabrication divisions, I think we'll just see that as a positive optimistic sign.
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- most of our optimism, I would suggest, comes from residential. I think we are certainly beyond just the indices and the rhetoric and the metrics out there. We're actually seeing that come through in the order book. And that, obviously, in my humble opinion, anyway drives the whole economy for us is the steel industry.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I'd say it's incredibly difficult to predict because it's obviously the markets, both on the steel side and on the raw materials side, are incredibly volatile. We've seen slight moderation in pricing in the last 2 or 3 weeks. Yet, Dick was just telling me, I didn't actually see the release, but there's a mill suggesting upward movement in price interest just this morning. It remains, I would tell you, a very, very fickle market. And it's difficult to tell, but I think our spreads should remain intact to some degree.
Mark D. Millett: But Tony, to the Mesabi Nugget, I think, again, we put a plan together back in August, actually, of last year and from the standpoint of maintenance outages and what the changes we would like to make. And I would tell you, even though the results may be frustrating, the team has accomplished, to date, every single one of those planned activities. The current shutdown is to install additional oxygen enrichment burners and systems. Unfortunately, that shutdown will impact the second quarter earnings as suggested. And so second quarter earnings or losses there will be anticipated to be somewhat similar to the fourth quarter of last year, an improvement over the first quarter for sure. Overall profitability, though, will be impacted most in the second half as the auction equipment will be there for trials, and so we'll be ramping up and adjusting the process through July, at which point in time, the oxygen generation plant, the facility that will supply both inexpensive bulk oxygen, gaseous oxygen, will be commissioned. And so we anticipate seeing a decrease in our losses through the rest or the second half of the year. Our expectation is no different. It remains unchanged with sort of a breakeven position expected on a monthly basis come the end of the fourth quarter. That, as we've already suggested over the last calls, anticipates production ramp up to roughly 30,000, 35,000 tons a month with associated drop in the cost structure. It anticipates the lower cost iron concentrate inventory, which we are successfully producing and transferring, and that material has gone through the nugget process without difficulty. And it also, obviously, depends somewhat on transfer pricing. And with pig iron, which is the basis of that transfer pricing, hangs in the $4.40, $4.50 range, breakeven is expected.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think Flat Roll is a little bit of the wildcard. I think we've seen perhaps a little more consistency in our other steel platforms or divisions. And as Russ said, who knows what may or may not happen at -- in our Recycling business. But I'd -- we got 3 months, well, 2.5 months left to go. So I would prefer to pump in and we'll give you guidance later in the quarter.
Mark D. Millett: But Mark, I think the team demonstrated there. Month in, month out -- and I think you that suggested that our earnings are pretty steady in a very fickle market here. And if you take out maybe the tax adjustments and things, the unique items, our earnings for the last 3 quarters, I think, have been -- in the quarter over -- first quarter last year have been incredibly, incredibly consistent. And it's allowed us to do great things. We've been reducing debt, we've got great liquidity and we're in great shape to take advantages of opportunities that I truly think will unveil themselves in the next 6 months, 6 to 8, 12 months as some of the folks struggle a little bit.
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- my comment was principally the cheap [ph] mill, I would say. The other mills tend to have been steady relatively through the quarter.
Mark D. Millett: I think a couple of things. The -- well, principally, as we suggested, you've got a couple of million dollars there or so in the agreed-upon sale of the higher-priced concentrate. And then through the quarter, we consumed a lot of additional high cost concentrate as well. The mining resources startup has gone incredibly well. And with the volume there and with inventory, we are going to a position where we would never have refused that overall inventory over time and, hence, sold off roughly, I think, it was 100,000 tons or thereabouts. But principally, it was the high cost concentrate that we used and the input or the consumption per ton of nugget produced did climb just a little bit.
Mark D. Millett: And so it's something that we've only participated in on a very, very limited basis. But I think for the industry in general, I think it's a very positive sign.
Mark D. Millett: I think there's a possibility there. There's somewhat of a parity right now between global and domestic pricing. And if you look at the discount that the consumer now looks for from imports, that discount has increased dramatically over the older days where if imports were $40, $50 per ton lower than domestic pricing, you saw a lot of import activity. Today, that level has increased dramatically and it has to be up around $150 a ton due to the volatility of pricing that attracts that import business. So that being said, I'd suggest there is room there for improved pricing.
Mark D. Millett: I think the -- probably the only inventory correction issue still remains in Engineered Bar products as I speak here. Principally, the off-road equipment folks tend to be a little slower. Other than that, we have at Pittsboro, a pretty broad or the order profile is kind of across the spectrum of our customers.
Mark D. Millett: And also from a product perspective, the export dramatic demand into Europe. And so as the European economy continues to sputter, their order rate, I would imagine, is off, too.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thank you, Brenda. Thank you, everyone. I just want to reiterate that we are, I guess, squarely focused on positioning the company for long-term growth and sustainability and not just 3 months or 6 months out. But we continue to look 3, 5, 10 years out for our company. Some of the changes will take longer to implement. But I think those will be strong catalysts for our continued success, the ones that we mentioned already. So thank you for your time today. To our shareholders and to our customers, thank you for your support. Our employees, be great, be safe and continue to do a phenomenal job. Thanks. Have a great day.
Richard P. Teets: I think from an SDI perspective, you're exactly right, Mark. But I think the numbers from, at least from the SMA, for the first quarter for beam shipments show it's down. And so therefore, again, I would think that it's still a little bit optimistic. So there's still a little bit more of a lag. So -- but we're benefiting slightly.
Richard P. Teets: To address the utilization rate versus the market share, a large part of the utilization rate came in 2 areas. One, being the SBQ facility and the other being at the Flat Roll facility. At the SBQ facility, we were running at a substantially lower rate and we have improved not fully, but it appears the change is what we're looking at from an improved utilization rate. And so, therefore, it's not a false signal. It is a factual signal, but it's not necessarily going out and taking new market share. It's a recovery of a market. So maybe it's exact same order, exact same percentage as everybody else maintains. So I'm not going to tell you that there's any market share appreciably one. In Butler, again, we've made some improvements there and the team is -- are running at tremendous rates. But that's such a large market in the Flat Roll world that our greater performance there as a percentage is almost insignificant in the total Flat Roll market. So you couldn't discern on a quarter-to-quarter basis that you appreciably won market share in my opinion. So I don't believe it's -- that you could identify a number in either of these cases.
Richard P. Teets: Well, there's certainly a dichotomy there, I would agree. But I remain convinced that for the last 18 months or so, there has been continued demand growth, albeit very incremental and that the pricing volatility is more related to sort of procurement mentality, changes in immediate inventory and the relationship, as I already explained, the customer is so watchful of raw material input costs direction that, that is driving a lot of that volatility. If they see, as they did later in March, that scrap is going to be off, they'd literally take their foot off the order book. And similarly, when they anticipate an upward trend, all of a sudden you take a substantial amount of orders in a very short period of time. And it's that up and down volume sort of our procurement activity that's driving the volatility more, in my mind, than underlying demand. I think the macro and I think that has probably impacted the MSCI data. As you suggested, daily shipments dropped off a little bit in March, which is disappointing, and particularly traditionally that tends to be a month -- there's sort of seasonal gain. But nonetheless, I think that automotive remains strong, 16 million units is a very, very strong rate. I think manufacturing remains very, very strong. And I think, generally, if you look at our utilization this past quarter, we're doing okay at least at SDI. I can't speak for everyone else.
Richard P. Teets: Well, since we don't publish that number, we look at every sale as an opportunity to hold the price or raise the price. So I would just tell you that we are always out to do our very best.
Richard P. Teets: Mark, on a more serious side, I would say that, of course, what I said was true. But every transaction also is taking into account our relationship with our customers, what the other opportunities are, where the market is going and the trends and so forth. So it is more than just throwing a number out and trying to get the highest. So we are always trying to do our very best for both the customers as well as ourselves.
Richard P. Teets: Well, it's a correct observation. And I would tell you that the reason why we did it was in anticipation of what we are experiencing currently in the quarter. Our Flat Roll division is currently shutdown for maintenance outage. It's a 5 to 6-day outage on the hot mill and on the cold mill. And we built a large inventory ahead of the pickle line because the pickle line only went down for 1 day. And the repairs were made and now it's been back up and running for 4 of them. And, therefore, we built the inventory in pickle at oil goods. And so we are doing shipments, again, on a steady basis. And so that inventory's being drawn down as we speak. And we also built an inventory in Pittsboro, not because we have a -- we do have a maintenance outage coming for about 5 days in May. But there, as we started -- we built the inventory because we were running orders ahead of time because we wanted to -- we have a belief that the market is improving and we wanted to be available to take every order as it became available. We didn't want to have -- we didn't want to be delaying the production of any orders and then have to turn some opportunities away. So we ran some orders early, especially the ones that had additional bar finishing requirements and heat treating requirements. So the inventories at Pittsboro also grew in the work-in-process inventories and a little bit of the finished goods inventories. And, again, our Steel of West Virginia, we put in a new stacker in our #2 line and the production has really gone quite well. And we've built some inventory -- finished goods inventory there just because how well it's performed. And now we'll be readjusting our rolling schedules there.
Richard P. Teets: I think they're about the same. If you look at it, it'll probably be a little bit better because we're taking our maintenance outages. So if you looked at it from a number of days that you need to have available, it might look a little better. But from a tonnage, it's probably equal.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you no. I mean, that's where, again, when we talk about the nonresidential construction, to me that's beneficial because of not necessarily -- or the residential construction is beneficial because of appliances and duct work and so forth that go along with it. So it's not just the nonresidential that lags from it. In addition to that, what I would tell you is we are focusing on other products and expanding on the Galvalume capability down at the Jeffersonville and we've also been running trials. We've now ran Galfan on all 3 of The Techs lines and continue to garner more orders and longer runs at those 3 lines in the Galfan product. So we're not just sitting around, waiting for the galvanized market to recover.
Richard P. Teets: But Dave, maybe from the other perspective, maybe you're asking about, I think from the reports I've read that the steel exports are down, in general, from the United States. And, therefore, with less steel being exported there is capacity available domestically than for increased sales and competition. It just goes without saying. So there's, needless to say, therefore, a little bit more pressure downward on domestic pricing. And it just has to be dealt with.
Theresa E. Wagler: Shneur, this Theresa. No, it shouldn't be. The capacity that we're putting in is very effective from a cost perspective. The SBQ is a great example. We're adding very little additional overhead to put in that rolling additional rolling line. So that cost structure is going to stay very low, not incrementally higher at all. The same is true for the addition of premium rail because we're just adding equipment of about $26 million and the rest of the process stays basically the same. So there's not incremental cost there either. So I think, really, we're looking at truly adding value-added products with very little additional costs.
Theresa E. Wagler: First of all, thank you very much. The team here did a fantastic job. So I appreciate that. But yes, that was actually -- the reason we compared it to 2011 was so that we could really incorporate the changes that we made in 2012 as well. But what we just did in the first quarter of this year, if you're looking quarter-over-quarter, really should improve interest expense by about $13 million.
Theresa E. Wagler: Sure. I'm sorry about that. I have them right here. The hot-rolled shipments were 281,000; pickle and oiled, 118,000; cold rolled, 38,000; hot-rolled galvanized, 100,000; cold-rolled galvanized, 58,000; our painted products were 89,000; and Galvalume was 20,000. It should be a total of 704,000 tons.
Theresa E. Wagler: Chris, just for those on the phone and for others, mining resources, we typically don't use those phrases. It's actually iron concentrate facility.
Russel B. Rinn: Evan, this is Russ. Certainly, I think the flows as the weather breaks are going to improve. But, again, I think our business depends on our customers and the export markets have not been robust at least in 2013 as of yet. Whether that comes back -- if that comes back, that will certainly have a meaningful effect on our part of the business. But, again, in the endgame it's what our customers to mills and those smelters, what their order books look like is going to determine what happens in our side of business. I think pricing is marked -- adequately described earlier as extremely volatile. In the past, I don't know how many years, January, February has always been an up market. And this year, it was a down market. We saw that turnaround in March and then turned back around in April. I mean, I could make a case that it's going to go down in May, I can make a case that it's going to go up in May. So it's just always going to depend upon the utilization rates of those -- of our customers in the process. I would add, Evan, that the supply line, the supply -- the inventory levels, I think, throughout the system still remain very tight. So any uptick in utilization or downtick in utilization, again, obviously, it gets exasperated and it contributes to that volatility.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, Dave, I think the only place where I think we've really got a major impact on the export side is on the scrap side. And those exports have been a little bit tepid during the, I guess, first quarter of the year. Again, at what point that the Turks and the Southeast Asians and those folks start taking more product, that will certainly have an impact on it. But its current rate is really not a factor on us.
Russel B. Rinn: Dave, I think on -- the real issue with the Turks is going to be whether Europe -- the strength of the euro because I think they're consumption has remained very consistent. But they play the U.S. and Europe off of each other depending on the exchange rates and availability.
