Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia, and good morning everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings conference call and thank you for sharing your time with us today. I'd first like to thank the entire rest of my team for strong performance this past quarter and also express my sincere appreciation to our customers for their continued loyalty and support. We wouldn’t be who we are without you. As usual, I'd ask Theresa to begin with the comments related to our financial results.
Mark Millett: To answer your first question, absolutely, we're excited and very, very optimistic to the second half and not just the second half or going into 2018. I think the environment has turned and we are going to continue to see growth. If you look at flat roll and just thinking about the markets a part a little bit to answer your second question. The flat roll arena, I think remains very strong despite a slight turning of automotive. As we look internally, auto rate is absolutely solid and strong there. Our lead times are right where we want them to be, right about 3 weeks to 4 weeks for coil and 5 weeks and 6 weeks for value-add. And it is just a very positive environment there, obviously, makeover came like with some of the $25 uptick in pricing, and I think the industry will likely hold at and the environment will admit to lower that at this state. The input numbers, obviously, inputs continue to come in and these are the inputs that have been ordered month, two months, three months and prior. The new input offerings I think through drive some event and then most for those in hold offerings in fact like the maturity of those offerings. The trade is the shifting the risk of any particular two actions to the customer. And I don't think to be honest that there are too many customers as they are wondering to take on any potential liability for the tariffs. So I think end of Q3 going to Q4, the actual input arrivals are going to drive that, I don't know whether they're going to drive that totally, but they are going to be substantially back. So, generally a very, very, very I think positive pricing environment. Construction continues to its incremental growth and I do believe and we can certainly take the advantage of that and we feel obviously is a very, very positive tailwind. So I think I agree with you. It's a very positive environment relative to just the sheet. You should look at the environment now you've got rising prices in Asia. We are appreciating all and kind of an appreciating a global cost curve. We've got positive demand trends in the U.S. It was incredibly lower inventory. It's almost astonishing, but the inventory is low as they are given the potential tightness that it's right there on the horizon. And I think that's a positive environment onto itself than on top of that and you create action from Section 232 or any implementation of the trade restraint is just a icing on the cake to drive that higher. So a very, very positive outlook, I would suggest. We are excited.
Mark Millett: Essentially, the issue was in this, what we call the snout that delivers the -- and protects the strip, the heating strip going into the galvanizing part, and we need to keep that in a very special, at a special temperature and also in a protected environment. The failure related to just bad design and bad construction of that snout, but the guys got in there, they fixed it. So, temporarily, there is not an issue. The problems have gone away and a brand new, I mean, Barry is delivering in September.
Mark Millett: Well, the first and foremost, these projects are incredibly -- they're incredible users of capital, effective use of capital. If you talk about, how we're galvanizing line, we're adding 180,000 tons of new capability of $15 million. You compare that efficiency or effectiveness against building a new line or any other competition out there, I mean, it's just the right thing to do. Relative to rebar and maybe those ones a little bit wide, I'll share your thoughts, but again it's incredibly constructive use of capital, it's effective. Getting 200,000 tons or utilizing 200,000 tons of the excess smelt capacity at Roanoke is just the compression of the additional volume across all fronts. That's concerned onto itself. And similarly for the Structural and Rail Division, in aggregate, we're looking at roughly 400,000 - 450,000 tons rebar which is probably only 5% of the domestic market. But as we've done in the past, if you look at our paint line investments, rail investments, those investments were made in markets that won’t necessarily supply short, but we ended those markets differentiating ourselves, differentiating with the supply chain. And I believe we're doing same thing here. Firstly, we're the -- we'll be the only principal independent manufacturer of rebar of notes. And so, there are massive numbers of what they call independent rebar fabricators that don’t necessarily like buying the input material from their competition. Obviously, you get there CMC, Nucor are large producers of rebar. They are also large fabricators, competing with that their independent ways. So, we think we're going to be received well imports of that 2 million tons of that 9 million ton market today. And that’s ample opportunity to penetrate the market wise. And in the Midwest, rebar is efficient on a supply side, so there is a trade advantage that we believe we have there. And more importantly, we'll be producing spooled, straight and spooled rebar. Spooled rebar, if you got to Europe, spooled rebar is the product of choice because of the effectiveness and efficiency of its use and reduction of yield loss. So, we -- some folks utilize spooled rebar in the states at a lower premium, but more importantly this we're hopefully going to change the supply chain somewhat. We got inventory of that spooled bar and actually give the customers kind of a customized cut length short or quick sheet order-ability. That takes a lot of time, takes a lot of working capital and takes a huge amount of yield loss out of the supply chain for that. And we believe, we'll create sufficient value to allow us to penetrate that market without too much flow.
Mark Millett: I think our utilization right now is pretty good, as you indicate, but the product mix that we have today is not necessary ideal or doesn't necessary maximize our margin opportunity. Part of the issues has been the sort of the whack-a-mole effect out there. The principal problem is the massive excess capacity in China and hope that drives the just imports in general. Good work was done in 2015 to come up with a trade cases particularly on cover sheet and coated, but since then and after those cases were implemented, we did see a drop off in volume. It did diminish yet it's picked up, in the first half of this year as we said. You've seen greater cover sheet and coated imports than you did prior to the trade cases being implemented, and that's countries like Vietnam, for instance. In 2015, they shift about 50,000 tons of coated into the America and 16 that was closure to 700,000 and 800,000 tons. A lot of that product was galvanneal paint, which totally impacts or directly impacts our line adjustment deal and our new line in Columbus. So for us, it may or it may not be a massive increase in volume, but certainly it will allow us to maximize our margin opportunity as to which products we take the market.
Mark Millett: Well, I think we will be as you said, we're beating a dead horse maybe and I think it's -- there is a lot of speculation either as what's the cases, what the recommendations might be and when it's going to come out. Having spent some time in Washington and spent time with the decision makers. There is obviously politics to play and a lot of things we've got to satisfy. And I think the very encouraging aspect is you got the administration or the players. Secretary Ross, in particular, is incredibly engaged. I would tell you he absolutely understands the issues, all the issues, very broadly. And he's going to take a very prudent approach, a very strong approach in this recommendation to the President. I'm encouraged. So, it takes an extra week or two to get it done. Again, I think they're right there wanting to present a case that it's going to be positive and successful, and gain some support on the hill, such that we don’t keep listening to that than dilute the strength of it. But, I again, I'm in personally met with them very, very encouraged that action is going to be taken, and it's going to be benefit in the industry.
Mark Millett: Okay, I think just to add more color there because as I talked about the markets, I fail to mention our Engineered Bar Division. That's an arena, as I said before at least as a -- and it gives me a sense of the broader market that it's in or especially every single sector of the marketplace. There things have taken off. The order input rate is absolutely dramatically improved to a point where we're almost, perhaps we're almost on a right orders to some degree. So that arena is incredibly strong. Energy is very, very strong. We're into the same skewed markets there in energy. Automotive for us is actually despite the tail off in -- slight tail off in production maybe in north U.S. We're gaining market share there. The caterpillars, off-road equipment guys, their forecasts or -- their forecasts or actual order rates, they're exceeding the forecast by an appreciable amount, coat finishes strong. That's just manufacturing slowdown. So that gives me a very-very positive outlook as to just fuel consuming economy is general.
Mark Millett: I think there one can automatically expect with this because you don’t know what recommendations will finally be made and acted upon. There are three principal areas that of concerned and focused for us and for the industry. Two mostly the industry in generally we've been putting one and particular recently, but those two obviously, the first is to bring broad kind of resistance to imports on sheet side to prevent the circumvention issues, the whack-a-mole issues. And the issues is not to eliminate imports, the issue is just to curve them to kind of historic level of 21% to 22% of demand. At that level the industry can and should prosper and be able to earn its cost of capital. So, we're not proposing at least SDI, Mark know it. It's not proposed. We eliminate the imports because the manufacturing base doesn’t have to be supportive. So, sheet is the one focus. The second focus and its related to energy and that’s the pipe, as energy has come back or even before energy was coming back, 60% of pipe imports were or 60% of demand was satisfied by imports, largely from Korea. And as the energy is trended up, that percentage of that volume is only increased. And so that I think is going to be a focus. That is obviously to the benefit of the domestic industry in energy pipe used to be about 8%, 9%, 10% of the demand. So that will help the hot roll coil sector of our business, which is probably the one that there is challenged of weakness, that’s the area. The third focus and something that we've been working on very, very strongly, as Theresa mentioned is actually structural's. In 2016, there were million tons of what I call straight stick, just basic long, heavy structural beams imported, but a growing factor is prefabricated beam that is grown dramatically over last four years. And again it's kind of the whack-a-mole thing where China and other sort of going down stream. But there is about 1.8 million tons of prefabricated structurals that come in to our shores, we have to add to together, we got about two point, about 2.5 million to 3 million tons of imports and in that market is probably 6 million to 7 million tons in round numbers. That's a huge, huge percentage of demand being satisfied by those inputs. As we've seen it, seen non-residential construction growth, the past two or three years, I think as much of that has been absorbed by the inputs. And we haven't seen the increased utilization within our beam heavy structural analysis and that's not just SDI. I believe that's Gerdau and also Nucor. So that is a conservative focus for us and I believe that is being addressed or likely to be addressed by the 232.
Mark Millett: So, it's always been the forefront of our focus internally here at Steel Dynamics. And I think I've said on previous calls, we have had a plethora of opportunities that we looked at over the last 12 months to 18 months, at all different sizes, but some very, very meaningful size type acquisitions. And that pipeline continues to be full. Opportunities continue to present themselves to us.
Mark Millett: Historically no, to be honest, and again, we're not a nice face, we're here to sell products to everyone and not control the business. But it seems amazing that, if you look at the probability and that's all you can do is, look at the probability of where markets are going and whether they will or will not be tight. The probability to me is sideways to up. And you would think there would be some form of restocking or inventory growth, but we've not seen it.
Mark Millett: I think that there will be some initial emotional response. It may not be just emotional. It'd be just I think fairly tight supply when everyone rushes back into the market place, which will give you the spike. I do think that would then sort of reflect back to a more normalized number. That number is likely to be higher than what it is today. But I would hope not extreme to just sort of dislocated markets, yet again and go into a cycle.
Mark Millett: But to answer your point, it's reasonable to think that some capacity might come back to offset with the losses because again the sheet will -- flat roll utilization stays today is probably 90% plus. And so if you take you know a few million tons of imports off the table then you're going to likely see a little additional mix, new lines like, cutting lines, like the Nucor's announcement and big revenues going to be ramping their production up. We obviously have got 180,000 tons that we will bring into the market place. I think that can be observed into the market without any sort of downward disruption.
Mark Millett: I think the utilization is across both lines. The large bar line is full and then small bar is where we're having the large utilization.
Mark Millett: Not to be specific, so the directionally through the second half, Phil, I would suggest that the volumes should improve over the second quarter. I think the pricing environment that I kind of try to articulate would suggest positive momentum, so only support for pricing. And as we seen in the past, there will be some noise on scrap here up and down a little bit, but we see that being relatively stable through the second half of the year.
Mark Millett: On our sort of personal involvement or company involvement, we’re a lot -- we work with the, with our peers. We also work through the trade group of steel manufacturers association, on the steel trade issues in particular. On other issues, we tend just to work through or have the steel manufacturers, sort of work with us.
Mark Millett: Sorry. And on the infrastructure, I guess, Alex, I'm still positive and optimistic that somebody is going to come, coming back -- the country certainly needs it. There is no doubt about it. And as we said earlier, general construction continues to be positive. I think anecdotally, as I travel to New York and to Boston and to Washington and to big cities, the number of cranes in the air and the number of woodworks that screws up, travelling from A to B is just incredible. And I mean there is a lot of activity out there. The states have already, whatever it's called the fact act or infrastructure spending is kind of in place. In Indiana locally where we've seen a lot of announcements on road improvement and infrastructure improvement. So, even without the federal spend, states are coming in and increasing their construction activity. And I'm optimistic that the Trump Administration is just going to follow through on its promises.
Mark Millett: I think we have a strong desire to continue to build where is organic and we can have that sort of capital effectiveness or efficiency that I suggested earlier. Those kind of projects are just phenomenal from a payback and from a return perspective. A brand new greenfield mill is not necessary a focus of ours given the supply demand matrix domestically and globally. We feel and it's been amazing how many opportunities are out there in the M&A world that seem to come to and I wouldn’t say come to market necessarily, probably. It's a not necessarily process out there, but we've been approached several times with interesting opportunities, none of which over the larger scale ones, check the all our boxes. I think you've seen in the past that we’ve been disciplined or we're not going to be emotional. We recognize the cash generation capability of the Company and the cash build, understand that fully. But we see opportunities come before us and we will continue to assess those and one ticks the right boxes we will move forward.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Melisa, and thank you for spending the time with us today, those still on the call. Thank you to all our employees whether they are on the call or not, you done a phenomenal job continue to do phenomenal job. Customers; thank you for your support, and as I said earlier, we're working diligently and hard to create value for all of us and we're excited. We're excited as to how the Company is positioned for the next two, three, four, five years. So, thank you and have a good day and be safe.
Theresa Wagler: No worries. No, you're fully correct with that credit metric, I mean, we're very proud of those. We’re also in a unique environment where growth is still very much as a forefront, not just all unique but transactional as well. So I think that as we move in we've always said that we were very happy being where we were because we were treated very much like IG, but we actually were progressed to IG just because of our business model and I think we’re probably approaching that time line.
Theresa Wagler: But Matt, there shouldn't be any incremental costs or outages related to that. So we're trying to think about whether or not that would isolate to second quarter. That was isolated in the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Timna, yes, absent any differential market changes those were the things -- the $30 million for both Butler and Columbus is isolated the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Right, if you look at the product pricing or the product mix, what you do is you see some of the shifts more to the longer, long product side, and you see that the mix related to I believe, SBQ was higher as well. And so with that, you just have higher pricing on a long product side, and so that's why were they were offset some of the galvanized from lower end from Columbus.
Theresa Wagler: Related to the optimal product mix, I'm not sure I can equate to an actual margin improvement and I stated the optimal mix is going to be, as we start to see the improvement in Engineered Bar, which Mark mentioned, and which I've been fairly extraordinary. That's obviously very helpful, but we still have a value-added improvement that we need to make down at Columbus. They're continuing to get certified on new products, more difficult products by enlarging value-added products. They're also still ramping up in the paint line. Pain line likely because some of those products need to be certified, likely not to get to full capacity, yet in 2017 we'll see that, I'll say probably first half of 2018 with their continuing to do great things there. So, there's still quite a value-added shift at Columbus. There's still room at Engineered Bar and what we do at our specialty shapes mill in steel West Virginia, they're actually adding some new value-added galvanizing, just galvanizing capacity as well, which will come online in September. So, there's still quite a bit of room for us to move, but I would suggest you probably don’t see that until sometime next year. And in addition to that, I think we keep talking about 232, and Mark will answer your last question. But I think sometimes, we're missing the fact that it could also impact more products and while product is where we're seeing a lot of the imports from the structural or prefabricated sites. And if you were to see that come through in 232, that can be hugely impactful in a positive way for structural beams and for merchants shapes and for those things that, right now, the industry is, has not added a high utilization for it.
Theresa Wagler: We aren’t always -- we have a very open dialogue with both agencies, and it's a quite constructive dialogue, and up until it is very strong. We really told that we've told that you as a investor as well and we've been very happy with where we're rating for different regions because of our growth profile. But again as I said earlier on the call given where we are, we also view that eventually we would grow into just naturally being investment grade we kind of our business model and the strength of the cash flow generation. And so, I'd just say that there is something that we're constantly looking at and having dialogue with the agency in the past.
Theresa Wagler: Our preference is still to be using at a considerable amount of caution our balance sheet and taxes revolver. So, with that and with our choice to achieve debt and cash as much as possible and not some a little bit shareholder base. No, it's necessary or whether it makes sense or not from that leverage perspective where we're today or even saying that we'd like to keep that leverage at three times or less. And obviously, we have a lot of room for an acquisition given that we're about one time of that.
Theresa Wagler: Look, Novid, but now you're just talking about flat roll again. And so when look at 232 given the value of 1 million tons and more than 0.5 million tons of capacity, we're not meeting today that's on the long product side. What I would say, piece is in place today that could be quite significant. So I think you need to look at it. We look at it more broadly in just flat roll.
Theresa Wagler: For this year's total, Phil, we still think it's going to be probably around that $200 million Mark. And I think year-to-date so far, we are about 85. Next year, we haven’t gone through all those details planning yet, but I would factor it to be probably through $200 million to $215 million range based on the project we've announced so far.
Theresa Wagler: There is nothing like that, that's significant, right, that would rise the occasions to bring it forward, no.
Theresa Wagler: Dave, you guys are making me a difficult spot here, Mark's laughing. And as we specifically just comment on the metal spread direction, specifically, I would say that I am going to quote back to what Mark said, the expectations for scrap for the rest of year remain pretty steady and we feel like the pricing increases are very much warranted. And we think that the market demand is there, absent any 232 to support that. So, you can read into that whatever you'd like, but I think the dynamics are positive.
Theresa Wagler: From the capital allocation perspective just generally, we're really in the same spot and our first and foremost focus is to pull growth, both organic and inorganic. And then in the meanwhile, we increased the dividend in the first quarter and we'll continue to highly positive dividend profile as we see our cash flow structurally and continue to be sustainable at a much higher level. And then we use the lever of the buyback onto give additional value to shareholders, as appropriate as we generate free cash flow in front or behind the acquisitions, but not that you see us doing it basically, tend to continue to do.
