Mark Millett: I guess that, obviously, that you just, sorry. I got to unmute myself there. You missed the best part. No. I think, as we have always demonstrated in the past, in moments of inflection down and tough markets, we continue to gain market share. And again, I want to emphasize, yeah, our shipments were down 12%. The 12% from a record, record production level in Q1. So it’s an absolutely incredible performance by the team and I think that the fact that we are fully engaged, fully operational, obviously, allows our customer base to access products, particularly when they are constrained in their own inventories. We just allow them to continue and they have got confidence in us. What we are here to deliver and we will deliver a product. We are fortunate, as we have said before, particularly in Columbus, we have been expanding our automotive presence. A lot of our automotive customer base is actually European, so BMW, VW and Mercedes. They have tended not to be as hard hit in Q2 as some of the domestic producers and we certainly benefited from that.
Mark Millett: Just like anecdotally because we continue to say that part of our strength as a company through-cycle, generating strong through-cycle cash is the diversity of our product mix. And just as an example, Steal of West Virginia, small metal for us, but they were impacted pretty dramatically by the reduction in truck and trailer. That industry is off about 50%. But because of their expansion into solar, they are going to ship about 100,000 tons of solar product, as compared to 30,000 tons last year. And so it’s the diversification both the product and market sector allows us to outperform our competition quarter in, quarter out.
Mark Millett: Well, on a -- from a loan product standpoint, Structural and Rail Division, their backlog is actually up quarter-over-quarter. We see continued strength there that the fabricators are remaining very busy. The large projects remained strong and constructively some of the smaller product -- projects that were kind of delayed or put on hold earlier in the year because of COVID, we are starting to see those projects now getting released. So we are very, very constructive, obviously, we get insight or visibility through our New Millennium Building Systems, our Fabrication business. There, again, very, very strong backlog. No widespread push backs or project postponements. A little softness up in the Northeast, that’s not a big market for us, but some of the construction sites were closed down and have been closed down, but seriously, we see very, very positive strength through the rest of the year.
Mark Millett: Well, taking your last question on -- from a scrap perspective, we certainly see no issues with the scrap flow. Obviously, there was a month that got a little tight when you had all the automotive or -- virtually all the automotive production and their associated support facilities and the staff was down, prime scrap absolutely ground to a halt. But we are seeing that come back quite dramatically and that’s going to continue to come back. And I think that the scrap market was -- has been over baked for the last few months and that the recent downtick kind of normalized at some. I think you will see a little more -- a bit more softness in August on scrap, I mean, on prime scrap in particular and then stabilize at a more normalized value for the rest of the year. So -- but supply should not be an issue whatsoever.
Mark Millett: Obviously, David, it’s a balance between what may come back, and obviously, the increase in demand. There’s absolutely no doubt demand is increasing, obviously, as automotive ramps back up. They are -- there’s some little dislocations here or there in the supply chain, but the demand is picking up, I think, relatively substantially. And if you look at least the conversations I have had out there with some of the large dealerships and if you look at the cars, automotive information and that sort of thing, there is a tightness in inventory, in the dealerships, particularly on pickup, SUV, crossover type vehicles and that’s going to help support at least the output of the automotives. So the automotives I do believe are going to be in good shape, constrained only by, perhaps, regional issues from COVID and making sure they have the employees in their plants. What we are also seeing on the sheet product side of things, the white goods, HVAC appliance, they are coming back very, very strong as well from a potential output sort of demand perspective. In fact, we had one HVAC customer just call us this week making damn sure that we had the material in the pipeline, because they are running at an excessive or above normal volume, and again, only constrained by possible local issues with the sort of manning their plant. So underlying demand we see, and again, those that know don’t predict and those that don’t know predict. All we can go on is what we see in our order book, our order input rate and the commentary from our customers. We see a very healthy underlying economy there, steel consuming economy. We came into this incredibly strong in the first quarter and I think now you have got a little bit of a pent-up demand. Lean -- you have got inventories that are generally lean, particularly in the distributor space as they don’t want to take any speculative risk right now. Imports are going to be constrained for the rest of the year. You have iron ore pricing, raw material pricing actually for the integrated mills is very, very strong, which is going to support the global cost curve. So you have got general dynamics within or general drivers within our industry that I would suggest bode well for the rest of the year.
Mark Millett: Again, it’s interesting times to predict and when you said in an environment you used the word typical. I don’t think there is anything typical about the environment that we are in. All I can say is, I do believe we have reached a trough point. Second quarter was the trough for volumes for sure, particularly on the sheet side of our business, and I think, there is an inflection point in pricing in the next few weeks. So I think that that’s a positive direction or a momentum for pricing, and as I suggested, you are likely to see a little softness on prime scrap here in August and then kind of stable for the rest of the year. So you can make your own predictions as to where spreads might go. I need to emphasize that some of you recognize this, but you have got to recognize that some of our business, our flat-rolled business is related to sort of the CRU index-type pricing and so there is a lag impact in the third quarter.
Mark Millett: Well, I think, a little bit of all of the above. Obviously, scrap flow dropped dramatically because of automotive business. Prime scrap pretty well dried up, so that impacted flows. Flows from OmniSource to our mills was strong, it went up. But at the same time, our competition had their own problems. They weren’t producing as much and so we had less homes to broker scrap to.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Laura. And for those that remain on the call, again, thank you for your attention today, joining us. I just would like to emphasize what an absolutely phenomenal performance our team demonstrated this past quarter. They say when conditions get tough, the tough get going, that’s our team. They did a tremendous, tremendous job and I think it clearly demonstrates the passion, the commitment and the innovation of our team, but also the strength of our business model, because, again, we generated a very, very, very strong cash flow for the quarter under the circumstances. And we would also like to thank our customer base because you folks on the call, you certainly unload us, you certainly supported our ability to perform our peers. So thank you for that. And to all the employees on the call, thank you, thank you, thank you, you did a great job, be safe. Make it a great day. Bye-bye.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. I think I would just complement to what Mark said in that, where we saw the most market share gains was in the flat roll group, as well as structural steels, railroad rail. And then we have a bit of a niche in the solar products with the solar customers as well both within the hot rolled side of the business and within the specialty steel, the Steel of West Virginia. And in addition to that, with the advent of the Columbus teams starting up with the third galvanizing line, it will be nice to see that getting into the market and actually increasing the value add portion of their capabilities in the second half of this year. So I think there’s a lot of opportunity for us to both enrich the mix and then to continue in that market share gain.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. So, Dave, whatever is in the EBITDA on adjusted basis is -- are non-cash items only. So at Sinton, those are cash items, so there’s nothing that’s been excluded. So they are deducted from the adjusted EBITDA, and from a financing perspective only, I think, about $4 million were actually added back, because they were non-cash write-offs. Otherwise, if it’s cash related, we are not adding that back.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Dave, I have -- Mark and I are looking into a little bit, because from a capacity standpoint, I guess, maybe you heard things that we haven’t. We are not -- you seemed to suggest that there’s somewhere between 5 million and 7 million tons of capacity coming back online in the near-term and then that’s not a number that we would ascribe to.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. We actually -- there’s some capacity that we believe is coming offline and I am not sure if that’s been made public or not. But we would say that is likely to be in the 1.5 million to 2 million tons of capacity that we see coming back on line in the near-term. So, from that perspective, I guess, our answer will be that, yes, we believe that that can be satisfied if you will. I mean we are not seeing a big reaction to that. But, again, I -- maybe we are behind on the announcement.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Seth, so from the perspective of the fabrication -- the business margin, so as Mark mentioned, the teams are forecasting a pretty strong volume for the second half of this year based on the order backlog that they have and the order inquiry rates that we are seeing, which is great. You asked about specific end markets and they are very much into the, we are going to call the big box buildings, the warehouses. We have a large market share in that. So if you can think about the advent of online ordering, people not going to retail locations, that business right now is fairly strong, because there is needed warehouse space. As far as whether or not we are seeing it more in the public versus private sector, I think, we are seeing it right now still more to the private than to the public sector, but maybe that could change depending upon what stimulus looks like, I don’t think anybody knows what that is at this point in time. Regarding margins, they tend to have anywhere between maybe around even six weeks to eight weeks or more weeks of steel inventory on the ground. So as we work through the lower priced steel environment they will benefit from that. So you could see some margin expansion in the second half of the year related to that. It’s just -- it’s a little bit difficult to predict, but I would suggest, that the margins that they have been able to sustain are not extraordinary from the level of being able to be sustainable into the future.
