Gary Heasley: Thanks, Keith. Demand for joist and deck products remained roughly the same in 2010 as it had been in 2009, which, as you know, was off from the 2007 peak by more than 50% [ph], and of that, 50% were for its average of the last 10 years. During the fourth quarter, we controlled 12 facilities. There are three that we have operating, one that we are starting up, two that we are reconfigurating and optimizing to be started up soon, two that are idle and four that we are dismantling, relocating equipment and demolishing what's not going to be relocated. When we're finished, we will have six operating facilities, and one facility that will be used to produce other products, products other than joist and deck, and will be available to handle any surge capacity incurring the peak demand that we may see a few years out. For the three operating facilities that we had in the fourth quarter, they generated a modest operating profit for the quarter. Of course, that was offset by the cost of demolition and relocation in the idle finance [ph] et cetera. As these acquired facilities are optimized, they will have more capacity and a lower cost structure than they had in the past, so the three that we're starting up in the West will give us a new footprint, a broader footprint, and they will be more efficient than they have been and they will have additional capacity over and above what the capacity had been under the previous owner. Our sales team is building a backlog for the new plants, and we are going to increase employment and production activity as the backlog justifies hiring new people and the order flow stabilizes. As we look forward to 2011, we expect some modest improvement in nonresidential construction activity, and therefore in demand for joist and deck products. We expect New Millenium to benefit significantly from this new larger footprint, which allows us to serve a new set of customers, a realigned industry and our aggressive cost structure as we move forward into this year. Thank you.
Gary Heasley: We’ve seen pretty good coal [ph] activity here in the first part of the year hard to read a lot into that. Clearly, backlogs are down seasonally as you're working at the end of the year, but they're better than they had been in previous years, well, 2009, anyway and going into ‘10. And it looks to us like there's going to be that modest improvement, an ever so slight improvement in non-res construction this year that we've been talking about or looking for. But there's no strong sign yet. Historically, we've seen projects that have been quoted 5x, or 6x, 7x, and then not be built. I think some of those will come through this year. So we're looking for a modest improvement.
Gary Heasley: Yes, financing remains a problem. Vacancy rates remain a problem. There's still some real challenges out there in front of the non-res industry.
Theresa Wagler: Sure. Good morning, everyone. During 2011, our operating margin improved by almost 3% in comparison to last year and volumes for all of our segments, as discussed, improved significantly. This allows more improved cost compression and operating efficiency. Our fourth quarter performance, as noted, compared to the third quarter results was impacted by decreased operating income from our nonferrous operations, again, primarily relate to the change in non-cash mark-to-market unrealized hedging positions and the impairment charge from our fabrication operations.  During the quarter, our cash reserves decreased $84 million, as our working capital increased $107 million, most significantly in raw material inventory. During 2010, our cash reserves increased $178 million, and working capital requirements were just less than $360 million. We also received tax refunds of $102 million during 2010.  Availability on a revolver was $909 million at the end of the year. Our liquidity remained very strong at $1.1 billion, an improvement of over $400 million compared to the end of 2009. Our ratio of debt to trailing EBITDA improved significantly during the year to a current level of 3.7x. Our first mean leverage is 0.03x and our interest coverage is 3.8x.  During the fourth quarter, our capital expenditures totaled $38 million, not including the $17.6 million purchase of fabrication assets. Depreciation was $43 million, and capitalized interest related to those projects was just less than $1 million.  Full year capital expenditures totaled $133 million with depreciation of $172 million and capitalized interest of $7 million. Our current outlook for 2011 capital expenditures is between $160 million and $200 million, of which $30 million could be spent in the second half of the year but is entirely dependent upon when we receive the mining permit. The current expected allocation of these funds includes 30% to 35% to both the Steel Operations and the Mills Recycling operations, 10% to 20% to our Iron operations; 3% to 5% to fabrication and the remaining to other projects. These investments are currently expected to be spent pretty evenly throughout the year, and our 2011 depreciation is expected to be in the range of $200 million.  Net interest expense during the quarter was slightly higher than the third quarter due to decreased capitalized interest. Gross interest expense was $45.5 million with an effective interest rate of 7.3%. Net interest expense for 2007 was $29 million higher than 2009, of which $14 million was caused by reduced capitalized interest and the remainder was related to increased expense from our March note issuance.  At December 31, we had 217.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, we had 16.4 million shares underlying our convertible notes and 7.4 million outstanding stock options. You probably noticed that our diluted shares for the quarter were lower than typical. We were required to exclude the impact of our convertible notes from both the net income related to the interest add back and the associated 16.4 million shares. For the first quarter, we would expect that not to be the case. So currently, we think our diluted shares will be in the range of 235.5 million to 236 million shares.  Lastly, for those of you who like the breakdown of our flat-rolled shipments. During the fourth quarter, we had hot-rolled shipments of 275,000, pickled and oils of 90,000 tons, cold-rolled at 37,000 tons, hot-rolled galvanized at 92,000 tons, cold-rolled galvanized at 66,000 tons, painted products at 72,000 tons, and finally, Galvalume at 17,000 tons.  With that, I'll pass it back to Keith.
Theresa Wagler: Well, as you know, we're continually looking at projects. Keith’s talked about some of those in the past. In addition to that, we do have some debt maturities coming in 2012, and we are interested in continuing to de-lever as appropriate. So I think that naturally, the liquidity level will come down somewhat, even with our strong cash generation possibilities in the future. But we do want to maintain a pretty high level of liquidity going forward as well.
Theresa Wagler: Not currently. We still intend to grow pretty significantly. At some point in time, yes, but not in today's environment.
Theresa Wagler: We typically don't give the actual number of the scrap costs, yes. But it was continuously flat quarter-to-quarter.
Theresa Wagler: I think Mark commented and Keith commented that by the middle of the year, we expect to be break even. And obviously, we expect the startup losses to improve in the first half from what you've seen in 2010 so far. But we've not come out with specific numbers.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Theresa. I don't have any other specific comments at this time, Melissa, so we'll open it up to the Q&A.
Keith Busse: Other than what we said specifically in the press release relative to the sectors that are doing well, I really don't have any additional comments. I think the only thing to note is that I think the recovery will continue to be slowed by the fact that we don't have a significant recovery going on in residential and non-residential construction arena. For the economy to have a complete recovery, I think those sectors need to move more aggressively forward than they have. But there are certainly bright spots in tractor trailer activity, automobile activity as we talked about, energy, agriculture and construction equipment, not the construction markets, but construction equipment. Our order entry is really very strong in all of our markets and growing inch by inch in the wide plains beam [ph] and rail business at Columbia City. But as Dick mentioned, that's our biggest struggle, although it is improving quarter in and quarter out. We're pleased about that, but the backlogs are really in pretty good shape everywhere else. I think I specifically noted our control of our backlog at Butler, but order entry tends to be very good week in and week out there right now. And I think that there's a very strong likelihood that that will continue well into the foreseeable future and drive pretty good first quarter results as well as potentially second and third quarter for that matter. And as we've said, we'll have more comments about that a little later on.
Keith Busse: Well, I think that it does involve some market share gain, and it's hard to separate one from the other. When we clearly have had some market share gain, we hope we'll continue to retain those gains and be of benefit and service to the customers that we serve. But clearly, there is some demand pull going on there. How much is going to be restocking related, that tends to be very difficult for anyone to get their arms around. The inventories were just dramatically low relative to the kind of movement motion we have out there. So I think that pull's going to kick in. I don't think the service center arena is going to overstock. I think they're clearly a little leery of what happened from an inventory valuation perspective back in '08 and will continue to ramp up their purchases, probably more specifically related to the level of demand and the very low inflection point where they were.
Keith Busse: Well, I think everyone has seen them in the market. I don't think it's probably had a major impact on us. And I would tell you that's not a focus of conversation every day for us in the marketplace. We do run into them here and there, and they have their own basket full of issues to deal with down there relative to slap, supply, and startup costs and things of that nature. And I don't know how fast or slow it's really going. But certainly, they're going to be a factor in the market, but we're dealing with a growing market place, too. So I don't think it's going to be that bad of a fit. I think the industry's operating rates on the whole will go up this year. How dramatically? I don't know, but we'll certainly get up into the 80s, in my opinion, in the year 2011.
Keith Busse: I think the markets have kind of settled in a little bit. I think in early 2010, they got ahead of themselves. Pricing is caught up a little. There's been quite a run recently in scrap prices. You may see a February is not quite as robust as December and January have been. But clearly, there's an opportunity there too for some tightness work [ph] to go up marginally. But I think Mark's right, any impact is probably a few weeks away and by then we maybe in to better flows and better weather for that matter. But I think, clearly, the problems that Australia has had is certainly going to have an impact on the spot met coal market for certainly the spot market for iron has aggressively moved up as well. There is a little separation between where scrap prices are and where pig iron pricing is, but it's not all that wide.
Keith Busse: I forgot, Theresa mentioned, Mark, that we didn't get the benefit of that penny a share or so that you–- that pop you get off with the converts, but I just added that back in and that would've allowed us to get to $0.10 almost when you consider all the extraneous stuff that was going on in this particular quarter. Overall, it was not a bad quarter. I've read where one of the analysts wrote this morning, we may be the only company that reports profit. That may or may not be true, but we've been pretty steady and pretty close to all of our estimates for some time now, and, more importantly, the future is very bright. So I guess none of us, really, as we looked at the screen this morning, could I understand why the only guy reporting a profit, the share prices were down a little and everybody else was up a little. But I'm sure that will correct when our results are fully understand here.
Keith Busse: I'm not sure I know how far the market could go. Obviously, it's a little north of $800 now. And whether or not it comes to rest there, it goes forward, go backward, I really don't have a prognostication. I think on the scrap side, as Mark indicated, a lot of people refill their stockyards in January and probably there isn’t going to be a huge level of demand driving price, but that doesn't mean there wouldn't be a bigger appetite in March and scrap prices wouldn't again push north of the March time frame. And if the world demand for scrap escalates, that could also impact it as a result of shortages in metallics and met coal, things of that nature.
Keith Busse: Embark upon what project, upstream, midstream, or downstream? We talked in the past about our Flat Roll project, and I could say we're pretty far down the trail of engineering now. We'll meet in February. We'll continue to consider our options relative to that project. I think the odds of it pushing forward as the economy continues to improve are probably pretty good in time. I also believe that the cash we're going to throw off in the year 2011 and 2012 is going to be fairly substantial and in and of itself could absorb the entire cost of the project, which leaves us with a lot more equity and no more debt, if you will. So for what you're talking about upstream, downstream, can you…
Keith Busse: Well, you can never tell. There's nothing in our hopper right now. Mark's doing a pretty good job, I think, building the retail side of the business up from the levels where it was at. As I said in the past, a lot of our activity there will be greenfield in nature and will probably not depart from that. As to whether or not there might be an acquisition available here and there, there may well be, but I don't know that it's going to be super significant necessarily in terms of size. Relative to fabrication, we're pretty much happy with where we are there. I don't see really any -- we're waiting on a better market. And certainly, you can drive a lot better results, but don't see us expanding a lot in that particular arena. In steel, our focus is really primarily on the new Flat Roll Mill, which I got to tell you, I'm pretty darn impressed with the work that’s been done, not only from a marketing perspective, but from a technology perspective. So we're happy about that. Nugget, we're going to continue as we start to achieve success later this year, and I think we will break even by maybe the third quarter time frame potentially in that project, which would be a massive improvement as we continue to dial in and hone in success there, there's no reasons we probably wouldn't want to continue to build another Nugget pattern [ph] to serve our interests and augment scrap going in to our own facilities today or any new facility planned in the future.
Keith Busse: Yes, we sold into the tail end of the month at the $800 level, but you're dragging along. This is from the past month or two. And so the average is certainly going to be there. It's probably in the $700 ton arena for February.
Keith Busse: Already we see some of that. We still have some contract business that moves within that. So not everything we book, Sal, is necessarily going to be at those numbers because the index has moved forward on an average type basis, and you don't get the full impact. You're getting a better number each month you sell to your clients, but you just don't raise right on up to $800.
Keith Busse: No, it's been good. I think, as I said earlier, we probably manage it to some degree. We don't want to have it explode in our face one direction or the other. So order entry has been pretty steady. We generally can produce around 55,000, 60,000 tons a week, and order entry has been a little bit north of that fairly steadily.
Keith Busse: Well, there's always a possibility. We've not talked to anybody about partnering on it, but I wouldn't rule out its possibility either.
Keith Busse: Well, I'm not concerned about it on the Flat Roll side, to tell you the truth. The market, number one, is fairly reactive to imports, should that be warranted. But when you see a number like that at the docks, there's more to it than just the boat landing. There's more cost involved to get it to the client that meets the eye rather than just the transportation bill, and then there's the issue of, do I really want to put my eggs in this basket? It's a ways off, and where will the market be and what happens if it backs up? I mean, there are a lot of issues. People are never going to stop buying flat roll abroad. I mean, it's come down sharply. We'll probably remain a non-event to a large degree on Flat Roll side. I don't see that exploding at all.
Keith Busse: The quotes are up and backlogs are up over 2009. How much of the quoting activity will garner us an order here in the near term is hard to gauge yet.
Keith Busse: The average input cost was flat quarter-over-quarter. It didn't change for us. So whatever we reported in our third quarter release, the number was the same. I don't have the number.
Keith Busse: We're currently holding about three weeks, sometimes a little more, depends on which way the market is going but about three-week inventory at most facilities. And having our brother here to my right, who has ample stocks to rescue them, so we used to carry probably six, seven weeks, and they only carry three to four now.
Keith Busse: I don't remember what we have. We have $0.29 or something if my memory serves me right. And I certainly think we could achieve that, but we'll have more color on it later.
Keith Busse: Yes, I certainly don't have any data in front of me that would arm me from a flat roll versus long products perspective, but I truly believe it'll be driven mostly by flat roll. I think, in our own case, all of our long products facilities are reporting an increase year-over-year, probably in the 10% range or thereabouts, maybe even a little more, and certainly at Columbia City. But you have to remember, Mark, we're coming from a pretty low platform there. So a 30% movement there is [ph] all that many tons, if you will. But I do believe that the operating reach certainly will be higher in the flat roll arena, although you're going to see -- I think you're going to see at least 10% or better improvement from all products as well.
Keith Busse: And to improve for the year, although the year will probably likely still end up with a loss, but it will be, I think, a fairly good improvement year-over-year.
Keith Busse: Well The Techs again had a dismal October and November and then had a very strong December. January has improved. I think I've said approximately to a expected utilization average across all three lines of about 85%. And again, as general across the board and flat-rolled, we see it continuing to improve and we're projecting approximately a 90% utilization factor at all three of The Techs.
Keith Busse: Well, I think they'll come down certainly in Flat Roll because we did operate that strongly at the beginning of the quarter and certainly did a pretty terrific job of cost compression towards the tail end. It's going to start out awfully strong from a cost compression perspective. So I think Flat Roll quarter-over-quarter will have better compression in the first quarter than we had in the fourth because of the weak beginning. I think the activity level is going to change a lot at STQ [ph], and those guys are running at a maximum level and are actually obtaining beyond capacity results, not a lot of compression will probably enjoyed there, maybe a little bit in Bars, but it won’t be substantial. You'll see some in the beam arena because we'll operate at a higher level. But again, it will be impactful, but not all that exciting because it's not going to be all that strong yet, although improving.
Keith Busse: Michelle, I think -- there's not enough of it available, either through ourselves or new course operations or others to probably play a meaningful role on an immediate basis. But in time, I suspect that, that will change, and there'll be more of an impact. But you must remember, a lot more is going offshore than historically has, and that did us much to push the market aggressively forward as anything else. And I don't think that's probably going to abate. And without a second Nugget battery and the impact of that and more HBI, I don't think it's going to have any downward effect on the scrap market. I think the scrap market will probably operate quite independent of this.
Keith Busse: We achieved, obviously, success, and I think we will in 2011, we'll obviously be asking to add additional capacity on the iron range. And another one or two of those batteries would start to have some meaningful impact, but that's several years away.
Keith Busse: Well, I think it will be a winner, and we don't have the international rights, although we're probably further down the trail than anybody relative to product knowledge by a wide measure. And therefore, we've already been contacted by offshore interests that would love for us to go abroad and partner Nugget battery with them. But you got to learn how to walk before you -- crawl before you walk and walk before you run, and we don't have the resources or the current level of interest until we stabilize the first battery at Minnesota.
Keith Busse: I think what's going to matter is our expertise as much as anything. We have those rights you were talking about in North America, but we do not have them internationally. But that doesn't mean we can't be a part of a project internationally. We certainly have the right to be. And If I'm a guy that's about to embark on one of those, I'm going to be calling you all the time because you know how to do it.
Keith Busse: Thank you, Melissa. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our call. We had it a little bit early because most of us are going to be traveling this week, one direction or another, but we appreciate your continued support more than anything, the support of all of the employees of Steel Dynamics. It's a wonderful company, and we have some wonderful people who work for us. And we're encouraged by the fact that the light in the tunnel is getting brighter and brighter and brighter, which will have a meaningful impact to your lives as well. Thank you so much. Goodbye now.
Mark Millett: Mark, I wouldn't say there's any major scuttlebutt or chatter out there apparently. Obviously, the met coal situation will actually impact them, but it's still a number of weeks out. There is sufficient coal, I do believe, in the pipeline on both et cetera [ph]. So it is our anticipation that the biggest impact wouldn't be for perhaps another six weeks yet. But nonetheless, it is a fear out there, but we haven't necessarily had any debate about it.
Mark Millett: Mark, I think they jumped in, in January, in all honestly, and that's why you saw such a shot move. We were anticipating an up market in both January and February, but it sort of all but sold [ph] up in January itself. So we would anticipate market being somewhat flat probably in February. Mill inventories, I would suggest, they're kind of in sync with the production levels today.
Mark Millett: We do use some answer per [ph] site, but it's not a material on that. Usually, it was contracted through supplies through the year. So hopefully, we won't get impacted by the major spike that's about to happen, at least [ph] happen.
Mark Millett: The State of Minnesota, the environmental agencies are more independent than perhaps the political system, compared to other states. And so there's a due process, and we have to go through that due process.
Mark Millett: I don't disagree. Obviously, one of the issues with the Bradfield mine [ph], there are some legacy issues there that have come to light. And they want to include sort of a resolution of those issues in the mine permit. So after you do an environmental impact study, which takes seemingly forever, that was completed, and now they've asked us to go back and just review that and add a few more tests and trials and examinations and so that's the process we're going through right now.
Mark Millett: The scrap [inaudible] market, obviously, there are only a couple of technologies out there. Miderex [ph] being probably the more prolific. And if you looked at DRI pellet raw material, that's a very, very, very expensive commodity and will continue to be so for the next 2, 3, maybe 4 years. So I don't firstly foresee a prolific increase in HBI or DRI type facilities anytime soon.
Mark Millett: I think generally, as with most commodities, foreign demand is going to continue to drive all commodities, scrap being one of them, and is only a definitive sort of reservoir or a definitive supply within America. So you're right, scrap pricing is going to go up. But I don't see that it’s going to be a massive impact to HBI, DRI in the foreseeable future.
