Mark Millett: Not really. I think that our strategic path as demonstrated over the years and continues to demonstrate that we always grow in a differentiated way. And so the new projects that are coming online, the changes in the scrap market don't change that outlook.
Mark Millett: Yes, the actual trajectory of the ramp remains unchanged. It's just the starting point has been delayed a little bit. I would emphasize and echo Theresa, the team continues to do an absolutely phenomenal job in bringing such a huge scale project online. We have had a couple of issues just recently that has delayed it into late November, early December. We have a crane delivery issue that slipped just literally last week by a couple of weeks. The recent COVID wave in Texas impacted the number of contractors available on site each day. And to be honest, as areas have opened up just recently on the electrical side, we've had a tough time getting night shift electricians on board to complete it in mid-November. So it has slid here another two or three weeks. We're still confident for an end of year start-up. The paint line has been running, running quality product that shipped coil in September. We expect the galvanizing line to -- it's up going through final commissioning, and should be shipping coils here early November.
Mark Millett: We'll likely finish the year ahead around a bit on flat roll, around about 80% -- 75%, 80% on the contract side. As Sinton picks up steam next year that would probably slide to around about 70% of the flat roll base. Relative to sort of terms of contracts, obviously, those are discussions that are ongoing. We have finalized a few and contract terms are somewhat advantaged over previous past periods. Principally on the range, the volume ranges are contracting, so that we have a greater control of the order book as the market fluctuates.
Mark Millett: Well, I've been in the business for 40 years now. And every year, people are worried about whether you can get scrap next year as the EAF industry is continue to grow. And today, the EAF industry is around about 70%, growing to 75% or thereabouts. I do believe some of the recent alternative iron units, almost 1.8 million tons or whatever from Cleveland-Cliffs certainly helps. And I would imagine that over time, we'll see more investment in those products going forward. I think you're also going to see a reduction of prime scrap required by the electric arc furnace community. We've been very successful over the last – well, since last March, reducing our prime scrap, our busheling and bundle requirements from 60% of the mix down to 40% of the mix through better processing at our scrap facilities. So that will certainly ease the - any volume demand there. So we think it will grow or the scrap volume, which is grow in lockstep with increased capacity. It may take a few more dollars to draw out the obsolete grades, that's historically been very elastic. And as you saw recently with the higher pricing, obsolete grades flowed very, very well.
Mark Millett: Well, I'd be giving away trade secrets, if I told you the detail there, but obviously, just better separating techniques.
Mark Millett: Again, as we mentioned, New Process has grown to be our largest customer. It has a particular concentration of value-add prepaint to OEM customers and we wanted to ensure security in that supply chain going forward. But as importantly, if not more importantly, they have a strong focus on downstream manufacturing, particularly in Mexico. And that is aligned with our strategic desires and objectives to increase pull-through volume. And so that would add support to our Sinton facility.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the energy pricing here has risen to some degree. But again, natural gas cost is a very, very small percentage of our overall cost structure. On the raw material side, probably ferrosilicon is the only item that we're actually watching and taking steps to ensure a secure supply there.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess the stain power or the health of that industry is, in my mind, phenomenal. Number one, as said in my earlier remarks, there certainly has been a permanent change in consumer sort of mindset. And so the online retail purchasing is just driving massive distribution warehouse type construction, cloud computing activity likewise. And we're seeing projects and honestly being pushed out 10 months. Our backlog is even longer than 10 months. And you might say people are concerned about the labor shortage and those sorts of things, but in a strange way, that's actually helping extend this whole economic cycle and pushing those projects out. So we are very, very, very bullish in that arena for 2022.
Mark Millett: And I would just add -- I think I saw one comment this morning, but maybe there was a change in tone of our press release. I would just want to emphasize that we're as bullish, if not more bullish for the fourth quarter and going into next year as we ever have been.
Mark Millett: We had a tough time understanding the whole question there. So if I don't answer it, just come back and hit me again. But on the recycling side, I think you were suggesting or asking whether or not we have major plans in transactions or growing that business. I would say, again, we've said this in the past, we're not interested in growing our recycling platform for the sake of just growth. We will continue to identify regional assets that complement our steel mills, such as we did in the Southwest about purchasing those three yards and then also the Zimmer acquisition in Mexico. But there's not a wholesale change in our recycling strategy whatsoever. We will continue…
Mark Millett: Well, I do believe we will continue to focus on value-add opportunities downstream, more so in processing. The greenfield project of Sinton was a very unique opportunity, at least in my eyes. It was a combination of differentiating ourselves relative to product, bringing new supply chain solutions to our customer base and having a very, very unique sort of geographic location to serve those customers. We wouldn't build another greenfield facility unless it had truly differentiating characteristics. And it's difficult to see that, that will avail itself in the US today. And then the other sort of strategic path we've continued to chase is downstream sort of fabrication, manufacturing and we would be looking to do that both in the U.S. and in Mexico.
Mark Millett: I don't think we typically will project future shipments. But you're right, shipments in the third quarter were off a little. We build inventory and principally as amount of transportation, just getting rail and trucks to move that material. We would expect, for sure, though, to move that in the fourth quarter.
Mark Millett: And again, we are bullish, especially, we're not bullish across all our sectors. As you said and as I said, construction, that cycle has been extended, I do believe, incredibly healthy. And in part because those projects are just getting pushed out because of a shortage of labor and with the contractors and the builders I talked to across the country that they're all experiencing the same thing and they're all seeing long-term strength. So that's on the nonres construction side, we think it's very, very, very strong. In a way, in the automotive arena, you've seen a similar thing except it's the chip shortage that is slowing things down and we'll, in my humble opinion, extend that cycle dramatically. COVID itself cost us about 4.5 million units, and that has to get caught up. The pent-up demand out there, if you listen to the dealers is absolutely phenomenal. I was just -- to one deal last week, typically would have 1,600 vehicles in inventory right now, and you can only manage to get 100. And that experience is being shared with other dealers across the country. And the desire, the pent-up demand is absolutely there. And so that will maintain strength in the automotive arena. And in my humble opinion, when the chip shortage relieves itself, all they're going to do is just ramp up and maximize the output for the next couple of years because there's that much demand out there in my mind. And then across other areas, residential was strong, HVAC appliance is strong. We're seeing a little more strength in the energy sector, more downhole kind of with the drilling rig as opposed to distribution pipe, that's still soft and it'll be soft for another year probably. Yellow goods is pretty strong. And just Engineering Bar, in general. Their customer base is expecting a 20% increase year-over-year. So that tends to give us some positive support too. So it's just generally a very, very, very strong demand scenario.
Mark Millett: Well, we've over the last couple of years, have steadily grown market share, particularly out of our Columbus facility. Butler has always been around 28%, 30% automotive. Columbus, when we purchased it in 2015, had just incremental amount and that's grown to probably 300,000, 400,000 tons today. And I think we've got some unique products that bring value to the automotive supply chain. But probably as importantly today is the sustainability story, particularly with the European auto maintenance. We've had a lot of traction with BMW, with VW, with Mercedes, in particular. And they view our sustainability model and our carbon footprint as being among the best in the world. And so that has sort of earned considerable business. And we're also benefiting and honestly from the USMCA. That increase in domestic content from 50% to 70% has necessitated those European manufacturers to source internal to the US, and that's driven a lot of our success as well.
Mark Millett: Typically or historically, automotive was the purview of the bastion of the integrated mills because they necessitate or mandated sort of an annual fixed price contract scenario. And with the variability in the scrap markets or the volatility of scrap markets, it's something the electric arc furnace producer can stand. But given the volatility in 2015 and 2016 in pricing, the automotive folks saw that they left a lot of money on the table. And so they hedge between integrated and electric-arc-furnace supply chains today. The propensity of the automotive contract negotiations in the fall with the integrated producers not necessarily the electric arc furnace producers.
Mark Millett: Well, you've seen just recently folks pursuing that direction. I would say for SDI to date, we've been the beneficiary of, again, capturing greater market share and haven't necessarily leveraged that to higher pricing as of this moment in time. I would imagine, though, over time, you could see a differentiation there.
Mark Millett: Well, there's absolutely no doubt that demand is there. I wouldn't necessarily characterize the imports as surging necessarily. Certainly, Galvalume, prepaint Galvalume is very, very strong, I'll give you that. But today, we saw some offers from Vietnam for April, May delivery. So the way, way, way out at around $1,500. So I would imagine pricing will turn over to some degree or I use the word erode, but it's not going to be a massive reduction. The market cynics out there that are suggesting that average pricing for the year is $740 a ton or $750. I just can't see that happening with the demand picture the way it is today.
Mark Millett: Well, I'd want to emphasize that I wouldn't necessarily look at the acquisition as a change in strategy for us. We certainly don't want to get into the service center business per se. We would be probably lousy in the service center business, to be honest. As I said earlier, there are two principal objectives. One, New Process grew to a very large customer in the value-add prepaint sort of supply chain and just wanted to secure that supply chain or that outlet to OEMs way into the future. And then secondly, we were looking for sort of a platform of growth for manufacturing, downstream manufacturing and that aligns -- New Process aligns well with that strategy, particularly in Mexico.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Kate. And I just would like to emphasize to everyone on the call, our customers, our service providers and particularly our team, thank you for your support. It was an absolutely phenomenal quarter. We're going to see another one in the fourth quarter and it's only driven by, again, each and every one of you is supporting our company, Steel Dynamics. We will endeavor to continue our growth trajectory going forward and creating even greater shareholder value and well. So thank you, and everyone out there, be safe.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. We did, Sathish, based on the delay in the start-up, which Mark can talk about, they're still doing incredibly well given the circumstances. But we decided that we would probably pull back our estimate from 2.2 million to 2.4 million tons next year to the 2 million to 2.2 million tons. So it's not a huge reduction, but it's a reduction taking into consideration the ramp will start a little bit later in 2021 than we expected. But Mark, maybe you can give some details on when Sinton will be fully operational.
Theresa Wagler: And Sathish, to answer your last question, we would expect that they would be at a full run rate likely by midyear 2022.
Theresa Wagler: Well, from a magnitude perspective, that's difficult, Emma, and I appreciate the question, but that's a board decision. I would tell you, if you looked at history, when we've had transformational growth that we believed provided sustainable through-cycle cash flow increase, such as when we purchased the Columbus Flat Roll division and we were finished transforming that early in the kind of 2016 time frame, you would have seen several 20% increases in our dividend profile at that point in time. I don't think that that is unreasonable at all. As far as the timing, I would fully expect to see something happen in the early part of 2022. But again, that's a board decision and so I guess more to come on that.
Theresa Wagler: The minority position really, Emma, allows that management team and Richard Fant to continue to run the business, basically unchanged. And that's something that was attractive to us at this point in time.
Theresa Wagler: Actually, throughout the supply chain, especially on the steel side but in the other operating platforms as well with the supply disruptions that everyone is experiencing across any industry at this point in time, whether it relates to logistics or just lack of supply chain stability, we actually have been doing a very deep dive into looking at the relationships we have with suppliers and to have redundancy in suppliers, et cetera. That's something that we do regularly but we're refocused on it as well. And at this point in time, we feel very good about, I'll call them, consumables, the supply of consumables. Obviously, natural gas is very highly priced and going into the winter months, I think a lot of people are expecting that natural gas might continue to rise. Obviously, it is in rest of the world but possibly in the US as well. But that means that, as Mark mentioned, being 100% electric arc furnace is only a couple of percentages of our cost profile. So we're feeling pretty good heading into 2022 at this point.
Theresa Wagler: You asked the question about how much further pricing could move. So we can't give you specifics but it's a meaningful increase, because as they have the backlog that Mark mentioned that's almost a year out, you already have that product pricing substantiated. And so that's why in my opening remarks people may not have picked it up, but I may mention the fact that we do expect to have increased fabrication earnings in the fourth quarter as well as into 2022 and that's based off of the record comparison of the third quarter. So there's substantial earnings uplift that we're expecting from the steel fabrication segment.
Theresa Wagler: There's a few things happening at the same time in the fourth quarter. So we will have higher average steel selling values simply because of the carryover in the lagging contract business that we mentioned from the Flat Roll Group. And in addition to that, we'll be ramping up Sinton. And so we'll be putting additional working capital both through steel substrate and through scrap on the ground as they begin to produce. So I would expect to see a continued use of cash in working capital. I don't expect it to be close to the same magnitude that we saw in the third quarter. We also in the third quarter had some building at Sinton as well. So I would expect maybe a couple of hundred million dollar build but nothing beyond that. Again, it's a very difficult thing to monitor when prices continue to rise but I think that's probably a good estimate at this point.
Theresa Wagler: The value-added lines, no. So the value-add lines we had hoped to be in the second half of 2022. But given the engineering of the lines and just the delivery of equipment at this point in time, it's pushing us back to now, we think those lines will be operational in the first half of 2023. So you're correct, that is a change but that has to do with the engineering and the equipment delivery time line. As it relates to capital spending for 2022, you're correct. On the last quarter call, we would have given something closer to the $600 million range, but that's prior to us doing the deep dive that we do every fall into capital projects. And as you'll remember, there's so much of all of our team members' compensation at risk to performance and high return investments, they always put together to wish list of very good investment opportunities that would result in higher compensation for them if they have high returns. So we went through that process. And at this point in time, that's added probably about $100 million to the capital that we expect to spend next year and that would be projects that we believe will have a very good return profile to it. Some of them will start next year. Some of them will just have the money spent and then kind of roll into 2023. But there's no one significant project that's adding to that. Most of that $700 million is actually tied to the four value-added flat roll lines.
Theresa Wagler: So they're high return projects and there are spreads throughout fabrication, the steel mills, we're adding some inspection lines likely down at our SBQ facility. So there's just a lot of individual projects like that, David, that aren't significant individually. But as they added together, it's a higher number.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, we feel very good about the capital structure and the foundation that the teams have been able to put into place. And so you've seen us be, we think, very active with the buyback program in the second quarter with very similar activity in the third quarter. I think one should expect to see us continue to have a very steady pace unless we were to come up onto a time frame where we believe that there might be a better use for those funds through strategic growth of either organic or inorganic opportunities. So at this point in time, we believe we will be very active in the buyback program.
Theresa Wagler: So it's a great question. You're right that it's a $400 million tranche and it has, I think, a 5% rate attached to it. The investment grade market has been very supportive of Steel Dynamics and we're very excited to be in that market today. So we are very comfortable, I guess, the first point with the debt structure that we have. We really manage to a through-cycle basis at a leverage of 2 times or less. So obviously, we're much less than that today but we're managing to through cycles. I can't give you specifics because I would get in trouble if I did but there is an opportunity to either repay or refinance and we'll be making that decision here in the near term.
