Martin Englert: Within the Steel segment, steel conversion costs, which do include some substrate costs increase I think to around about 576 per ton in the quarter from 522. Is there any additional color that you can share regarding the portion of substrates, and maybe some positives and negatives when you think about these sequential change in contributions between true conversion costs and substrates, as well as if there was any material impact from the Sinton outage on that conversion cost.
Martin Englert: Thank you for that. If I could one last one here, excluding 2020, looking at seasonality in 4Q total steel shipments, they tend to decline around 5% sequentially. Is there anything you're seeing this year that would suggest something different? And I imagine comparing the sequential with the Sinton outage and then Sinton backup probably might have an impact here on a sequential basis.
Martin Englert: Okay. Thank you very much. Congratulations navigating the downward market on and the continued growth investments.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Martin. It's Theresa. Great question and observation. It really didn't have anything to do with the change in substrate mix, but that can have an impact. But there's two things that I would point to. One is the fact that because Sinton didn't operate all of July, the way that you're calculating your conversion costs, that lack of volume does have a pretty significant impact. It's not that there was additional costs, the costs were pretty de minimis. It's just that lost volume affecting the denominator. It's really affecting your conversion costs on a per ton basis, a little bit on an outsized way. The second thing is that we are preparing to start the value added lines in Heartland and then Sinton will follow thereafter in the coming months. And there's some additional costs related to that as well. But nothing to point to that would be systemic of higher conversion costs going forward.
Theresa Wagler: No. So Martin, with the advent of Sinton now operating and not being a part of that outage, you're going to have that incremental volume, which is going to really make that conversion cost get back in line with what you're used to seeing. But the value added line, there is some incremental cost. It's nothing that is necessarily significant that you'll have to try to figure out for the fourth quarter. We have two of the lines coming line maybe even before the end of the year with the remaining two for the first, probably first couple months in the first quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. So you're spot on, Martin. We would expect to see normal seasonality within the steel operations, but as you have now Sinton ramping up and operating for the full fourth quarter, you will see some benefit from that additional volume.
Theresa Wagler: Carlos, we can't give -- we won't give specific guidance on the earnings associated with Sinton. We are giving updated items on volume so that you can understand from a modeling perspective. So we would expect to see a significant improvement from the third quarter given the fact that we weren't operating all of July. But that being said, I really can't give you any guidance specific to what the EBITDA will be at Sinton.
Theresa Wagler: No, that's okay. It has to do with fabrication the pricing in the backlog. So from a historical basis and even from recent 2023, the pricing in the backlog is very strong. Much higher than previous historical peaks. We've seen that be maintained the spot market, where the order activity isn't as strong as it was in 2022. It's still really good from the -- a historical basis, but that is contracting the backlog somewhat. So now it extends through the first quarter of 2024. And I think something else that we just -- I want to keep in perspective. Mark mentioned it on his opening notes, but I want to reiterate it because I think it's really important. We've been talking about the IRA monies, the Department of Energy monies, monies that are coming from the administration for public dollars. It's our estimate. And others would agree that there's likely not even 5% to 10% of that money that's been allocated or awarded yet. It's going much slower than anyone had expected and much slower than the administrative -- administration had indicated that it would. So those projects aren't benefiting the elongation of construction, steel consumption success, asset investment, steel joist, and deck demand as well. We're fully expecting, and what we're hearing from the administration and from others is that those dollars will start flowing in the first half of 2024. So right now there's a bit of a gap in funding and I think you're seeing that in the volumes, but we fully expect that to pick up and improve in 2024 and 2025.
Theresa Wagler: From a modeling perspective, just from a volume, I mentioned in my opening notes that we do expect to see some regular seasonality in the steel fabrication volume as well. So sequentially we would expect it to be modestly lower than what you would've seen the third quarter. But again, we're not attesting that to -- I think I addressed the consumption question when I responded to Carlos. As it relates to average pricing. Again, the backlog's very strong. If you're having seasonally lower volumes, I think it's a reasonable expectation to think pricing will be down somewhat, but we don't see it being in the same magnitude as the sequential second to third quarter, it'll be somewhat less than that.
Theresa Wagler: Tristan, we can't confirm that. So from a growth perspective, we're very transparent on capital allocation. Our primary focus is for high return growth, and that can be both organically and it can be transactional. We are very much focused on the aluminum strategy and that will be a priority. We are sitting with record liquidity at the end of the quarter of $3.7 billion. So we really have, I think, the luxury and we don't take it for granted, it's because of the performance of the teams, which is incredible, the luxury to be able to both invest organically, transactionally if there was something that were to fit into our long-term strategy as well as continue with the strong shareholder returns. And that at this point in time is our full intent, is to be able to accomplish that.
Theresa Wagler: And I guess just to bring a little bit more clarity to that. We would expect to be operating around that full capacity by the middle of 2024, Mark's just giving a total year view.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. It probably should have been updated in the investor deck. I'm guessing that's what you're pointing toward. We're planning to have the Heartland paint line and the Heartland galvanizing line running first, which could be towards the end of 2023. But probably moving into that first month and a half in 2024 and then very closely thereafter, Sinton's additional paint line and galvanizing line will be starting as well still within the first quarter of 2024.
Theresa Wagler: You're welcome, Timna. Actually, we're in the middle of planning for 2024 on the capital investment side right now. It looks like it's going to be closer to $1.8 billion to possibly $2 billion. I'll be able to put a finer point on that as we get through the first quarter, but it's primarily comprised of a little bit more on the aluminum side just from a timing perspective, not a total investment. So aluminum may be as much as $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion next year. We also have the construction and startup of the biocarbon facility, which could be as much as $150 million to $175 million. And then we have some tail to the four value added lines as well of maybe a $100 million. So I will be putting a finer point on that, but right now I'd say it's probably in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion.
Mark Millett: Relative to the pricing, it's -- the market actually has been a little confounding because since mid-July, we have seen the market being very, very strong, very solid. In fact, order input rate has been great. You have a situation where people -- it was more emotional there. There's no main structural change in demand that allowed, or pushed pricing down. It was more emotion relative to the strike. Mid-September when people recognized that it's sort of already been baked into the price, when they saw that inventories are very, very, very low and the supply chain, they see that lead times are stretch -- already stretching out, that we've seen an inflection and that there is definitely an upward momentum in collaborative pricing today. It's our anticipation and the anticipation of others that there's going to be quite a market increase in pricing once there's a resolution to that strike. Looking forward, we see a very positive -- very positive constructive market environment.
Mark Millett: Yeah. No. That's fine. We probably have not done an elegant job of explaining that. The 70% is just the run rate at the end of this year, Timna. Again, we'll continue to ramp up. We expect to be 2.4 million tons total production next year, which I think is around over 80% of the 3 million. And then we'll continue to ramp up from there. There's absolutely no doubt that the plant capability can exceed the 3 million ton nameplate that we've advertised in the past.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess we don't have the same intelligence that others have from our folks on the hill and just conversations. It really seems still up in the air. The European position and the US position are totally at odds, and not much progress has been made, but maybe you are wrong. That said, obviously the tariffs today, a lot of that has been negotiated away in only probably 25% or so of incoming, steel imports are affected by that. And obviously quotas are in place with Brazil and here and others. I would imagine that they will remain in place in some form of fashion. European tariffs maybe that is a little different, but Europe is not really a influence on our market, in all honesty. If you look at the straightforward arbitrage today between -- well, Asian pricing and European pricing, not that that attractive. We don't necessarily see a big influence there. We do feel strongly that any tariff and quota type activity will transition into some form of carbon tax on border tax. Actually, in the long run will likely be a lot more effective than the perhaps was in place today. Again, we need to remember and highlight that the principal trade constraints, the countervailing duty anti-dumping cases that were brought in 2015 went through sunset last summer and got continued. I think it's another five years. Those are legislative in nature. They won't change. They firmly, firmly, or eliminate these imports, for instance, certainly in addition with, or in concert with the kind availing duty.
Mark Millett: Well, for us, we don't really see a major change in volume from an automotive perspective in the fourth quarter for us. As I mentioned in my notes, we have a large percentage of our auto book is European and Asian. They are not impacted by the strike as of now. We are -- we do have some business with Aymium and with Ford. But again, on a percentage basis, it's not going to be monumental to our book volume or earnings.
Mark Millett: Well, I think from a -- we got some feedback going on here, but the -- we're talking principally fabrication here. Yeah. I think it -- when -- again, all we can do John, is look through our book order book or lands, but obviously the distribution warehouse arena has come off, not stopped. It's not -- Amazon obviously came out very publicly and sort of almost holding the development because they over bill, but that's not the case with other distributors. It's still ongoing market for us. All of them is there. But I think we picked it up education, healthcare has been positive and the just manufacture -- manufacturing facilities, the battery plants, the chip plants are picking up. Not at the rate to offset, totally offset that distribution base, but nonetheless, it's picking up strongly and we would anticipate continued growth next year. Just the infrastructure, the IRA spending that certainly will bolster our order book there and give it some support.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the biggest impact is the reduced level of speculation in the supply chain. In fact, it's not a reduced level of speculation. People just don't speculate anymore. So you see people that's kind of hand in mouth. They tend to be ordering and buying on as needed basis that, that allows consistent shipping since July, mid-July, where we've seen very, very, very consistent order input rates and deliveries. Even as pricing came off the pricing this time and just as it was last year, last year with had a similar story with a very constructive outlook for 2023, which in all honesty came to fruition. The emotion last year was [indiscernible] us, we're headed for a recession and we got high interest rates, inflation, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. There was no change, no structural change in underlying demand in the fourth quarter of last year. We're seeing the same thing today. Demand is very, very solid across virtually every market sector that we have. Yet we see -- saw that softness strike related emotional. People are starting to see lead time stretch out. They're starting to see, or get a little worried. We're booked out. And essentially our order book is closed for November. And given the interest, we see for December, we haven't opened that book yet., We're not so sure we will be able to satisfy the total appetite there. So it's a positive market momentum going into 2024.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Holly. And for anyone that remains on the line, I would tell you I am blessed. SDI is blessed. Each and every one of us is blessed here because we have phenomenal loyal customers. Thank you for your support today and in the future. We have great service providers. We've got a phenomenal, phenomenal team of people that come to work, as I said earlier, inspired and positive each and every day. So thank you. Thank you for those that our shareholders and those on, I would hope that you consider us because we will create better shareholder value than most folks in the years ahead. So thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Timna Tanners: Wanted to just ask a little bit more about Sinton. If I go back in my notes, a couple years ago you were talking about being at full capacity, 3 million tons, and now you're talking about 70%, 80%. So I'm just trying to understand, is there some reason that it's no longer expected to run full out or are you just assuming like maybe some gradual ramp up? I just want to understand that better.
Timna Tanners: Helpful. Okay. Thank you. One other timing question was really on the downstream lines that are going to really enrich your product mix. And in the presentation it says they're starting in the second half, but I thought I heard you saying they were contributing more in the first half. So just trying to get the cadence of when that ramps up.
Timna Tanners: Great. Thanks. And then the last question, if I could squeeze it in is just on the CapEx guidance. I think we had -- last quarter you had talked about a number for 2024 of about 1.5 billion and just with the higher CapEx guide for Q4, we just wanted to check on if that number is still right for 2024. Thanks again.
