Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, sure. So from the project perspective, the largest one that we have right now is the Engineered Bar Products expansion. It's a $76 million investment, and it will be commissioned and starting up before the end of 2013. The expectations are that based on margins that we have today that, that payback period is less than 2 years. We don't expect any interruption with our current operations in our Engineered Bar Products as it's just an addition of a second rolling mill. From the second project that we have is the $26 million rail project, and that's to bring on the premium capability. It's expected to be commissioned by the end of – or to start up and start commissioning before the end of 2013 as well. It will have a slower ramp up, potentially, to be able to enter into the premium rail market, but we expect that volume to ramp up in 2014 through 2015 to eventually reach the – in excess of 300,000 tons of both standard and premium rail. That payback is expected to be in a 2-year timeframe as well. We also have latent capacity that we have excess of 1.5 million tons of steel capacity that we're not using today. And so that, as the construction markets come back on, we would expect to start to utilize into 2014, in addition to that. And we also have a small project that we've not talked about very much, it's a leveling line at our Flat Roll division. It's a $19 million project, and that actually is operating now.
Theresa E. Wagler: And we expect to have some additional hot rolled shipments, not a large magnitude, but some additional shipments that come from that because we'll have a better-quality product, and I think we expect maybe that to have some impact, slight impact, in the fourth quarter of this year.
Theresa E. Wagler: Sal, I don't have that with me. I would just suggest that from a consolidated perspective, the number we keep talking about is the impact to consolidated SDI, and that's because of the complexity of the joint ventures in Minnesota. And, again, that loss was $10.6 million. I don't have the cash loss available, my apologies.
Theresa E. Wagler: We're using the capacity -- it's in the investor presentation now, but we're using a Flat Roll capacity of 3 million tons; a structural rail capacity of 1.8 million; engineered, currently, still at the 625,000; Roanoke is at, I believe, 650,000; Steel of West Virginia is at 350,000; and then the techs around 1 million. So we include that 1 million tons from the tech.
Theresa E. Wagler: Luke, to answer your question specifically, maintenance capital for all our operations to keep things in pristine conditions tends to be around $85 million or $90 million per year. So you at least have that base level of capital investment next year. And then even when we model internally, we never really look at capital investments of less than $100 million per year because there's always some sort of investment. But we're in the process of going through a detailed projects analysis now. We'll be able to talk more about 2014 capital investments probably in January.
Theresa E. Wagler: You're an engineer. So from the perspective of the actual volume, let's forget about utilization, but from the volume, we can hit that volume that we report. We report volume with the techs of I think 7.4 million or 7.5 million tons. We think that we can hit that mission level. But to this point, if we start hitting it, just like the flat rolled, one point in time, we said the capacity was 2.4 million tons. Well, today, we get capacity of 3 million tons, maybe even...
Theresa E. Wagler: Correct. But our capacity that we believe we can produce in solid year with appropriate markets is actually 7.4 million tons if you include the operations from the techs. So I would say that's a true statement that, that is possible. Now you obviously [indiscernible] line.
Theresa E. Wagler: That being said, though, I do believe we have the optionality on the iron concentrate coming from mining resources to be able [indiscernible] want to or do we not.
Theresa E. Wagler: In '13, the CapEx has been a little bit higher and it's not just Mesabi Nugget, but it's what we call Minnesota operations. And so that includes the nugget facility and the concentrate facility. And we just completed or we had some capital raise [ph] at both of those in 2013. So I think the numbers for '13 is maybe $30 million. As it relates to next year, it's a little bit hard to tell. I think the current expectation is that all of Minnesota operations capital next year will be closer to something around $10 million or slightly less. But we'll have to see how the next few months of operations occur to be able to say specifically what that might be.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, on the lighter gauge product, that means it has the capability of almost 0.5 million tons a year, but that's not -- we don't have that need. It's really for a product that is a very light gauge, below about 55%, that right now, the hit of it has more edge wave than some of our customers would like. And so it has the opportunity to take that shape correction mode. And so we will be selling product that we currently aren't selling. So the magnitude of it remains to be seen.
Richard P. Teets: It's only incremental. And actually, the whole justification is such that we only plan to operate the new line half of the time with 2 crews, and so it's a very conservative justification.
Richard P. Teets: Needless to say, the full capacity of the -- of that mill is almost 100% of it is being -- can be taken from others. Very little of it is already ours. We have not been rolling very much small bar product because we did not have a precision mill in line. We could roll the small product before, but we didn't have the necessary mechanical equipment in line to hold the tolerances that some of our competition did, and therefore, we basically avoided rolling those products. Now we will have the capability of providing the very best product that anyone can provide. And so therefore, we will be out after all the very critical components. We've already been grooming our customers to expect the products available and have had dialogues. We've, again, started the process of, I guess, soliciting the grades, and we're well on our way to attempting to fill it up. Some of the larger products on that size may come from existing stuff we do, and it'll just free up a little bit of capacity on our existing mill. Some of the blooms, we will be shipping down, ultimately, maybe 10,000 tons a month or so from Columbia City. And so Columbia City's melt shop is working with the melt shop from Pittsboro to understand what the expectations would be. And so far -- so the whole gamut of people who are going to be playing in that field are already being exercised.
Richard P. Teets: And just one last note that Gary and the team there have not ignored the requirements of testing out, finishing and testing and so forth. And therefore, they've completed the project with all the necessary tools to deliver the full scope and the gamut of products required for, whether it be forging or any of the tough requirements that the customer might demand.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think the answer to the last question is the easiest to say. And it's that transfer from standard rail to premium has been going on for years, back when we built the structural mill, and I -- we have the capabilities to roll rail into it. Percentages of head-hardened rail was probably 25% or so. And now, it probably exceeded 50%, and it continues to grow. But there's a cost premium, and so therefore, like anything, people make choices. And the reason it's growing it's is because of the cost of taking rail lines out of service for the time necessary to replace the rail and to grind the rail for maintenance purposes. And so each railroad has their own thresholds of acceptable cost and they want to make those decisions. So will all applications move to head-hardened eventually? I sort of doubt it, but more will continue to go that way. Now that being said, what's our startup? Our startup, this is mostly mechanical equipment, and so the startup of the equipment isn't necessarily complicated and so forth. It's movement, physical movement, and then just the associated interlocks and speed control and the like. What we've tried to do is be conservative in our statements because this is brand-new technology. This is being developed by us, and therefore, it's – there's nobody else out there we can walk to or call and say, "Hey, why can't we get this exactly right?" This is some of the most critical product that SDI will be supplying to any market with high liability, and therefore, it's not going to be delivered to a customer with anything but the most thorough of testing and acceptances by ourselves, by our customers and by third-party testing agencies. So we have tried to be resistant to being cheerleaders and yelling at the top of our lungs. The first quarter, you're going to see the impacts. The tonnages, I think, we've tried to say will be coming out of the equipment, and we will be putting it into standard rail applications as we do our testing, and we're going to minimize the yield losses and try to minimize any of the impacts to our bottom line. But there won't be an immediate revenue gain to the head-hardened product line until second quarter and later. But we're going to develop it as soon as we can. So it's not like a piece of equipment that we need to learn how to physically move the equipment through it, or the product through it, it's pretty simple. It's the process technology of making the product right and how deep does the head-hardening go, and can you make it each and every time you make the chemistry, and is the chemistry valving heat after heat after heat along the full length of the 320-foot bar, inch by inch and so forth. And so all the way around the head and around the -- all the way to the flange and so forth. So it's a complicated product, and we will make sure it's right.
Richard P. Teets: We're not shipping any from Columbia City. And we won't ship any until there's a need. I mean, again, the charge from me to Pittsboro is take as few as you can because we don't want to make any transportation company rich. So their charge is to continue to service themselves until they can't, and they're going to be charged with always maximizing the utilization of their own melt shop.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, our margins for next year show toward end of the year Columbia City is starting to supply some blooms to Pittsboro. And Columbia City apparently does sell some blooms to Steel of West Virginia as our Roanoke plant sells some blooms to Steel of West Virginia.
Richard P. Teets: Yes. Because like right now, we're already into the 2014 season and hence, the shipments will be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, but third quarter is usually a lag from insulation going to other well plants.
Richard P. Teets: Well, as you read, there's been an upward pressure, and we are responding in kind. Needless to say, I think the market is always pushing back, but people recognize that the economy continues to improve a little bit. Demand-supply remain in balance. You see the imports. Level of imports have increased a little bit in painted and galvanized, and we continually watch that. So it's – you can interpret it.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, we're negotiating right now prices for the first quarter of '14. And of course, we're always under pressure, like anytime. But we're trying to hold the line and extend the current pricing. But we'll see where it all falls out, that's our position is that things are still good, and we'd like to see it extend where it's at.
Richard P. Teets: We just took a 4-day high planned [ph] outage out in Butler. And during the same, we rebuilt the #1 galvanizing line furnace at Butler. We also rebuilt the Galvalume part [ph] down at Jeffersonville. We'll be taking a 1-week shutdown at a metal tech, it will a week down at -- also in Pittsburgh, we'll be taking Christmas week down at NexTech and we haven't decided yet when Galvatech will go down. But we try to plan these around the mix that we have on the books at the time. We, again, look at what the opportunities are. Some of it are fluctuations in the shipments. Actually, when you look at painted products or galvanized, actually can be accommodated or explained through even just gauge. So as the order book changes, whether it be building products or others, it's really just sometimes the thickness of the steel. So it's not really availability or such. We are doing an upgrade of the galvanizing line at Jeffersonville, adding, I think, another 150 feet per minute speed increase to it, and increasing the capability of the cleaning section and few other things. So that, in the future, will show an increase. But nothing of significance has occurred on -- from a capabilities perspective on any of our coating lines here recently.
Richard P. Teets: Well, we think that the product value improvement is about $10 a ton, and we think that's a fair value to be asked for. And so that's what we're taking to the street. And time will tell how much of it we sell, because it makes our product dead flat. And it's a great product, especially, as light as we go, we go below 1/40,000 of an inch, and that's a very nice product you actually substitute, in some cases, for cold-rolled.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I'm not one big on the use of the utilization rate because as an engineer, I'd say you can never get under [indiscernible], but again, like you run a galvanizing line, you can -- when you add zinc, it becomes over 100%, depends on where you take your yield loss. If you -- with us, with the reversing mill, do you cut your heavy head and tail off, you take it at the temper mill, you take it at the galv line. I mean, I'm being sort of being a little sarcastic but these are all truths. And so in theory, as an engineer, you usually say about 93%, you start with your yield all the way through the system. But then, when do you raise it, we said -- I think, we said 600-and-whatever-20 thousand tons at Pittsboro, and yet we know we have more than that in melt because as we run the -- add the second rolling mill, we will be supplying some of that cast product out of the existing melt shop. So therefore, really depends on what the order book currently is and if we have a lot more large bar rather than medium bars, heck, we'll do more than -- theoretically, you could do more than the annualized 620,000 tons, just at Pittsboro. So there is no -- I'm not trying to give you the runaround, I'm just trying to tell you honestly that's an answer that I can't even give you because it can exceeded, over 100%, all depends on mix. I mean just as I said earlier, just trying to gauge of the steel, in the flat rolled world, you can exceed 100%. And you say, yahoo, man, it was a great times but you might even have some more downtime and still have a great performance looking at the tons grow.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you no. I mean, just the law of averages comes back. I would tell you we'd like to see -- probably, it would probably end up being in the low 90s. Because we want leaner [ph] capacity, we would report a number that it would reflect an appropriate...
Richard P. Teets: Well, again, I haven't been involved in it for a couple years since I left Columbia City. But I think, towards the middle to the end of the third quarter, if I remember right, is when the inquiries by many of the Class 1 railroads go out and the bids are expected to come in from the rail suppliers and discussions start taking place, and that's when railroads place their expected purchases for the coming year or years. And therefore, that's when you start getting a picture. Now those aren't necessarily guaranteed tonnages but those are the parameters in which the 2 parties are expected to be capable of delivering. And then other factors influence what actually transpires, and higher or lower numbers and changes from head-hardened to standard and so forth can occur. But it's usually by, I would say, by the beginning of the fourth quarter, that picture has become fairly clear as to what the next year will look like.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, a lot of our rail right now is – we're at major suppliers like Amtrak and to a lot of the short lines and the regionals and so forth and to the contractors, and we do a lot, we have a large customer base, and most of those are projects. So we did through distributors and direct do quite a bit of work that's going out, even though we don't participate in some of the head-hardened annual bidding. And we didn't have a product, we still bid, put a number out there and say, look, but we have to put qualifier on that should our development not be on time, there has to be an escape clause and we have to work with this. But we truly expect to be a participant by the end of the year.
Mark D. Millett: The challenges that you note – I would hate for the conversation about Mesabi Nugget and perhaps the Omni Southeast should detract away from the phenomenal job the team is doing elsewhere in the company and also the earnings catalyst, as Theresa mentioned. But that being said, I think through the quarter, we've seen further gains in specific production rate and plant availability. It's increased our confidence that the monthly production can be sustained – or could be sustained next year at a 30,000-plus ton a month rate. Unfortunately, as we've increased the feed rate or the throughput rate, we've seen an unexpected deterioration of yield, and the cost – that's producing a cost structure that is a little higher than we anticipated. And we've identified, I think, several opportunities for that yield improvement. We've identified several opportunities for further cost reduction on the reductant side and binder and those sorts of things on the raw material fronts. And this will obviously be the focus for the next few months. And again, I think the team has accomplished a lot and continues to complete the plan that we put in. We developed the plan back in August of 2012 and to date, they have hit every hurdle. And now we have the last hurdle to break through, and that's reaching a monthly cash breakeven by end of the year. And we've said for a couple of quarters that we would perhaps detail the cost structure in a little more detail. And I think just to calibrate that, at a 30,000-ton a month rate, and based on current pig iron transfer price, which is transferring at $380 a ton currently, that will -- the impact of that from Minnesota will have a breakeven effect on a consolidated basis. So that calibrates where we think we are immediately. Again, lot of work to be done, we've got to hit those rates and improve our cost structure. We still believe -- sorry, but we still believe that -- go on.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, just to quantify that market, the 3.625. The 3.625 diameter dam [ph] is roughly 50% or so of the whole SBQ, engineered bar market, which typically is 8 million to 10 million tons. So we're looking for 325,000 tons out of 4 million, 4.5 million ton market. So it's not a massive bite of the apple. And Dick and Gary and his team have positioned the mill incredibly well. They've got exceptional quality, perhaps equal to, if not the best in America today. Our on-time delivery is phenomenal. And I think there's a focus on engineered solutions and the relationships they have with the current suppliers is second to none. So you put all that together, you've got the largest single-site source of SBQ and Engineered Bar Products in the country, which also brings a lot of logistics value to the customer. So we're actually very excited. It's -- the steel industry is a challenging environment, but I think Dick and the team have done a great job positioning that mill for success.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, just to add. I think -- I actually attended the AREMA symposium or exposition, or whatever, here a few weeks ago, and it was incredible, the enthusiasm level of the major railroads and -- well, the mining railroads, for that matter, had for our potential entry into the market. They have lacked good options in the past. And I think Dick and Russ [ph] have positioned the company well there. Technically, the stripping rate of rail this year is going to exceed 200,000 tons, which is higher than our earlier expectations, which I think is a testament to their excitement and our future ability there. The market began to calibrate its, typically, 800,000 to 1.3 million tons through thick and thin. And if you look at the CapEx spending announced by the major railroads for huge infrastructure improvements, given the shale gas and oil phenomenon that's going on, the projection is about 1.5 million to 1.6 million tons a year in sort of 2016 to 2017-ish. So I think we're in a great position to leverage that expansion of the market.
Mark D. Millett: We just have a slight discount to the mill. And also, it takes into account a slight difference in transportation cost from NOLA to Butler versus Minnesota to Butler.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, the increase, the 70% utilization, Sal, I guess where you're getting that, it wasn't inflated by bloom shipments from internal transfer. It all came from increased wide-flange business.
Mark D. Millett: That's certainly the intent. We wouldn't envision Pittsboro being able to facilitate all its needs for some time. But as Dick said, in a year or so, the intent is for them to drive their own ability internally and not make a trucking company or the railroads rich.
Mark D. Millett: If you think of the additional need of 350,000 tons of blooms, again, I think it's safe to say that there's a material matter of that will be moving from Columbia City for the foreseeable future, though.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. The thing to drill into the essence of your question, I think inventories, MSCI data has bounced around a little bit, but we see inventories still being incredibly tight through the supply chain. And as I've said in the past, I think, perhaps we're closer to an inflection point than most people think. That being said, it's not going to happen the next few weeks. I mean, we're projecting just a continued slow incremental improvement in the demand picture.
Mark D. Millett: I think, as Theresa mentioned, our cash flow from operations is incredibly strong at $180 million, $185 million. You back off CapEx, it's still $130 million or so, which is, I think, an admirable position to be and a credit to the team. And we paid down, over the last, well, I guess, 12 months or so, we paid down about $275 million in debt. That's improved our interest payment position by some $30 million or so going forward. And I think the team feels we should continue to pay down a little more in that vein and help our leverage some. We also saw an increase on our dividends by about 10%. I think that was well-founded, and I think we would like to see a solid sort of future dividend profile going forward. Share buybacks wouldn't be -- although we continue to frequently look at that, that's not a preferred use of our cash right now, because we think we have further organic growth to get done. And over the next year or so, companies are looking at the asset portfolios, and I think there's going to be some realignment, and there may be some acquisition activity, don't know. But we certainly want to maintain our sort of gunpowder, i.e., a solid financial foundation for doing what, I think, we've shown in the past, and that's growth.
Mark D. Millett: That's not on the radar screen. All opportunities are on the radar screen. That is a dull sort of blinking dot, and obviously, we assess all the opportunities as we go along.
Mark D. Millett: Well, our lead times for hot roll are 4 weeks out, which is something that we tend to control. We don't allow the market to control that. We want to make sure that we can sort of leverage or exploit any of the upward tick in pricing or at least maximize that opportunity. So typically, our hot roll core lead time is 4 weeks out, and it's solid right now at that level. And our value-added products are further out than that.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. So I would, I guess, encapsulate it that the hikes have certainly stabilized the market, it certainly has appreciated price over the last couple of months for sure. And at least, our order books are robust.
Mark D. Millett: No. I guess I was just suggesting that a lot of companies out there are -- I think have publicly indicated their assessment of their portfolios and where their core assets may or may not be and there may be opportunities that come up. But again, we've got no -- nothing on the radar screen that we'd want to share with you.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. As you know, Timna, we tend not to guide until sort of the latter part of the middle of the quarter and prefer to retain that philosophy. But I think it would be reasonable to expect some seasonality in some sectors of our business. And we do have outages at -- typical scheduled maintenance outages of our sheet mill at Butler. And...
Mark D. Millett: And certainly don't want to overemphasize, these are typical of our typical fourth quarter. [indiscernible] taken, these outages, and you're going to see a typical little bit of a seasonality.
Mark D. Millett: Then the fixed point, there are contract negotiations going on. I think we're all making some volume commitments for next year. Obviously, there's a lot of spot rail still sold, so it's not as though we are shut out of the market just because we're not going to make a full, full commitment for 2014.
Mark D. Millett: Well, we certainly hope it runs on a more consistent basis through the end of the year because we need that consistency to fine tune the process and get that yield improvement. We have been running, can run at an input rate of in excess of 30,000, but because the yield's not there, you don't get the finished product at that same level. We do have it identified, as I said, a lot of opportunities for some gains. And the focus for the team is -- well, it always has been on what they're doing up there, purely on getting the cost structure and shape so that by the end of the year, we'll have a very, very good idea of what the ultimate plant's capability is.
Mark D. Millett: For Mesabi Nugget, there are no planned -- well, we had one in September, came up, I think, end of the first week or so of October. But there's nothing planned for the rest of the quarter.
Mark D. Millett: I think spreads on the structural side tend to be somewhat flat. I don't see any major drivers there. The market has come off its index adjustment every quarter, which I think is a benefit to us all and perhaps we'll see a little benefit there. On the sheet side, obviously, spreads have improved through this past quarter as pricing has accelerated at a higher rate than scrap. Where scrap is going over the next months, I'll let Russ answer that with the caveat that our crystal ball is only about 3 days out.
Mark D. Millett: I would say, at this point, we still feel there's room for meaningful gains at Mesabi Nugget. That will be seen. Again, as I said earlier, there's a lot of work to do yet. And over the next 2 or 3 months, we're executing the plan that we set for the team. And by the end of the year, we'll know, I think, a lot more clearly as to what the cost structure is and the production capabilities of the plant. At that point in time, I think, we'll assess where we are.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, the Southeast, they've gone through a considerable cost contraction there and done a great job, and the market has certainly not been good to them relative to the Midwest. To emphasize Russ's point on product mix, the Midwest and just in big round numbers, we -- if you look at Omni as a total, we've got 6.5 million tons perhaps of capability, 4.5 million of that is Midwest, 1.5 million of that is Southeast. But the product mix is dramatically different. The Midwest is squarely focused, or its flow anyway is probably 75% premium grades. And if you look at the premium market through the third quarter, it was off a little bit, but it was relatively stable, and that allowed those operations a little bit more flexibility, some greater option to retain their earnings profile. The Southeast operations are principally obsolete scrap, shredded scrap, which as Russ said, incredibly competitive marketplace. You got the export market competing for that flow, and you've got too many shredders competing for that same flow. And if you look at the market price of shredded, it went down substantially through the quarter. So whereas Midwest had more of a stable pricing on a product mix scenario, the Southeast had to fight a downward trend in pricing almost every quarter, which is not good for a scrap organization.
Mark D. Millett: Chuck, we've been out of the import pig iron business for some time, we may have bought an opportunistic [indiscernible] there, but we really don't entertain and don't have a good knowledge of those markets. And we certainly -- I can't remember the last time we bought DRI or HBI from Venezuela or South America. So I can't quantify that. We just follow the flats and the general market news.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, pig iron price will follow the past and wherever prime pricing is in North America, that's going to position the pig iron market. I think on the scrap side, I think it's a commodity business. Anytime you add supply, it's going to have pressure somewhere. I think longer term, we're quite optimistic, Nucor at 2.5 million tons and voestalpine bringing some to market, albeit a lot of it going to Mexico right now, I think they still have some merchant coming into -- will have some merchant coming into America. But we think that, that will give a little bit of pressure to scrap pricing and stabilize or push it down some, which for us, obviously, is a huge advantage over the integrated mills.
Mark D. Millett: It has not been profitable so far. I would say in the broad scheme of things, it hasn't got much of an impact to our consolidated earnings. The team there continues to increase its market, and I think we are getting to a point where the shipments are going to approach 5 million pounds, right, Russ, in the next couple of months, and that tend to, at least we feel, to be a breakeven point for that facility.
Mark D. Millett: Again, it gets a little complex with the movement of materials back and forth between all the divisions up there, but mining resources is certainly profitable already.
Mark D. Millett: Fantastic. Thank you. Well, thank you for those questions. I guess, in closing, just we would all like to thank our employees for their continued hard work, their dedication, their loyalty to our company. We're a family, and all I ask, all we ask, is you be -- continue to be safe each and every day out there. And to the customers on the line and to our shareholders, again, we appreciate and thank you for your support. And with that, from us, have a great day, be safe.
Russel B. Rinn: Maybe not even that far. Well, I mean, scrap market certainly it's firmed up in the last few months, and you get -- seasonality in scrap is when winter comes. And if we have the predicted difficult winter, I think the general direction on scrap is going to be firm to many of us over the next 2, 3 months.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, I think, certainly, the big exports off the East Coast is the Turks, and they've been fairly mostly absent since about middle of the second quarter. We've actually seen the exports decline probably -- I think, first half is down 20% from the year before on export basis points and it looks like that's continued, at least into the first couple months of the third quarter, a little bit more activity here in the last month in the quarter of September, and looks like it's going to continue somewhat in October. But I think it was interesting because you look at the euro versus the dollar, and normally, when that rate is $1.35 or $1.34, whatever it is now, generally, that brings the Turks back in. But obviously, their currency against the dollar are -- their currency matches up better against the euro than the dollar at this point, so they're pretty – most of their material is out of Europe. I think it's hard. As China's concerned, big impact on our business with China is really in the nonferrous realm. The green fence construction that they've put in early in the year, our imports early in the year, I think we've all -- the entire industry has begun to adapt to it and I think we're now producing product that is exportable, of all the regulations that they established. And I think you'll see those nonferrous export opportunities grow as we get into the fourth quarter and into the first.
Russel B. Rinn: Nathan, the first question, when we look at the dots, the answer is no, the volumes are not 50-50 there, it's more along the line of 2/3, 1/3, maybe even 3/4, 1/4, significantly more volume in Midwest, and so that is part of the difference. The other part of the difference is, I talked about earlier about the Turks and the export market. With China construction in the East Coast, which is where all that export market flows from, that tonnage that's not going export flowing back in, puts a lot of pressure on the local areas, the closest proximity areas, and I think that's a good part of what they're doing. I will tell you that – I do want to make one quick comment on the Southeast, and I will tell you that the team down there, when you look at them from the performance level this year versus the last couple of years, they have made some marked improvements, they have really done a tremendous job. So again, it's a difference of the geography that they're located in, the types of material they're dealing with. Much less [indiscernible] in the Southeast than we deal with in the Midwest. And so some of this product mix, the large part is the proximity to those export markets, valuable when the export markets are flowing, not so valuable when they're not.
Russel B. Rinn: I don't know if that's necessarily the case. They're earning money, but again, it's much more challenged in the Southeast overall. And so they've had a tough quarter, but again, I would reemphasize where they've come from on the cost containment and the other efforts that they put into it the last year, they've made huge strides.
