Mark D. Millett: Thanks Marlene, good morning everyone. Hopefully, you are all preparing for an enjoyable and safe holiday weekend, and thank you for joining us today, because we truly value your time. Nature certainly showed its fury this quarter, and I believe we weathered the storm better than most, and we are moving forward. And we have made great progress, I do believe on several fronts. And I will expand on that little later. But before we begin, I ask Theresa for brief comments concerning first quarter financial results. 
Mark D. Millett: Yes, the iron concentrate from mine resources is hasn’t been a problem. There are other raw materials fluxes, different fluxes, and binders that we have been trailing, or want to trial to reduce the operating cost.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, that’s very helpful.
Mark D. Millett: I think the – well, let me take a crack at just go through our platforms and then, and directly or fill in the color. But at Butler, we have a very, very strong order book as we’ve always said, we tend to maintain lead times to a four-week sort of cycle for the Hot Band and probably six weeks for value add. And we all there today, and as we typically do, next week, we are likely open up the order book backup for June. So hopefully the – we can leverage the uptick in the market to a small degree. And certainly there is tightness and there is a lot of press regarding shortages of iron ore and constraints on the integrated side. But I think beyond that as I said earlier, we still see growth in demand. And I don’t think people necessarily recognize how bad the weather has impacted the economy in the country. The flat rolled I think it seems obviously strength the automotive is still very strong, people were a little concerned with the inventory build in January and February. Hey, want cars buried in 3-feet of snow not many consumers are going to buy a car, the auto sales I think we abounded in March to one of the highest sales since 2007 all their effects. And a prediction to continued strength in that arena, manufacturing is seems to be little less at least from our view point. And although the residential indicators for March were a little mixed, we still are confident that is rebounding. And again I am not so sure why people were somewhat disappointed when the numbers came out yesterday its snow here in (indiscernible). So if we weren’t seeing some through about a week or so it’s going to take a little bit more time for people to get into the field and offering our thoughts. But we see good order profile coming into Butler HVAC, stubs raised garage door panel business. In Structural that the market I think is very stable, there is been some price appreciation over recent weeks. And I think that’s certainly going to be sustained. And again when you link visibility from that the incremental increases in beam demand. And I’ll let Chris, fill you in on the joist demand we see non-residential construction suddenly continue to turned up. And then with rail obviously that the railroads major railroads have large expansion plans large capital expenditures outlined for the next few years. And we see that to be a growing and good market for us particularly with the rail, premium rail coming on. Engineered bar they were beneficiary I think at the end of the last year, that we picked up market share as perhaps there are some other supply delivery issues within the industry that come during February and March where certainly seeing real demand growth there. And we are very, very confident that mill is going to be running quite well in the months and quarters ahead. But Dick mentioned Steel of West Virginia they obviously are quite depended on the truck and tractor, trailer business. And that business is anticipated to grow as (indiscernible) runs that place told me yesterday normally the year starts slow for him and ends with a roar. And he say that, that it has already started with the roar. So I think, there is a lot of freight moving and again that’s a good signal for an improving economy.Evan L. Kurtz – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color demand. And just on plant availability and is Butler kind of called up for now or do you have any big outages plan there.
Mark D. Millett: As I mentioned earlier, we get I think a good visibility into where the construction arena or market fell through. So Chris, would you just fill in.
Mark D. Millett: I was speaking to industry bookings just in general I apologize if I wasn’t clear. Fourth quarter of 2013 was 25, I’m sorry, the fourth quarter 2013 was 50% higher than fourth quarter 2009.Evan L. Kurtz – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Gotcha, okay. Great, well thanks for all the color guys. Thank you.
Mark D. Millett: As you translate the weather impact, as Theresa outlined, yes we had some inventory builds and so the Structural mill and sheet mill, will makeup some of those shipments. Or get some of that inventory out, so that’s recoverable, but much of the – much the impact to us anyway was on the cost side. Natural gas and power, and obviously that’s not recoverable. So as you look forward if you look at our first quarter, second quarter is two plus two equals four and you think that now first quarter is one and you are going to get three in Q2, that’s not going to be the case.
Mark D. Millett: Well, market prices are I think publicly available. That in the natural gas line decatherm at one point in places. For you to back calculate or try and guess is it – it’s incredibly difficult because on the power side we got many different contracts, Lumber city tends to be a market price. Butler is pretty well on a fixed-price. Incorruptibility hours which is difficult to quantify and same thing on the natural gas side.Nathan D. Littlewood – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, I appreciate your time.
Mark D. Millett: I guess we’ve – based on our thoughts and investments premise in that – much of that 325,000 tons is going to come from the market share.Brett M. Levy – Jefferies LLC: Go ahead.
Mark D. Millett: And I think if you look at that market, and it’s – the expansion is focused on three and five-eighths of (indiscernible). That’s about 50% of the SBQ engineered market, which is typically 8 to 10 million tons. So we are looking to get 325,000 tons of a – essentially a 4.5 million ton market which we don’t believe is too bigger bite of the apple, particularly when we have the following that we – the team in Pittsboro has been able to get the very, very high quality product. They are focused on the high end of the market; the engineered bar as opposed to SBQ where delivery, quality is absolutely imperative. A lot of that work is – the material, as it goes through an approval certification process for two or three years. And so I think with that following the 225,000 tons of the market is not to
Mark D. Millett: I think as we look at growth and obviously I think we are well positioned to do so. If you look at our balance sheet and our liquidity, our cash flow we’re in great shape. And we are committed to growth yes we did increase our dividend in the first quarter, I wouldn’t want anyone to think that will change in the philosophy of the company as a whole, we are being very specific, and very intentional as to where we grow. We certainly want to not just grow with the size where we want to improve that the quality of our margin. And also perhaps mitigate or soften a little bit of the locality of our business. So we are going to and are evaluating organic growth opportunities within the company or we see some there. I think we are focused on downstream opportunities our teams are very, very confident that in coating and painting arena. We feel this opportunity in rail, this considerable expansion in that arena if you look at the CapEx spending of the major railroads that the anticipation is that market is going to grow with a 1.5 million may be 1.6 million tons of rails for year, as a market is typically been in the 800,000 to 1.2 million tons a year. So we are looking at possibilities there. I think our preference would be not to add capacity to the marketplace. And I do believe that there will be opportunities over the next 12 months to 18 months, where companies are reevaluating their sort of portfolios and seeing what – which businesses accord to their particular – their vision. And those opportunities I think will come to market. And we are in a great position to assess them as they do.Brett M. Levy – Jefferies LLC: Thanks very much.
Mark D. Millett: No, I didn’t mean to imply that they are having any problems at Mon Valley. Mon Valley supplies about half of the tons that we consume at The Techs and rest of it is out in the open market. And needless to say Sparrows point was the major – the second major supplier to The Techs once Sparrows point was around. And ever since the demise of Sparrows point The Techs have had go shopping further away and it’s only because of that that the shipping costs have been become more of an acceptable condition with Butler. And we have other good suppliers, I’m not saying we don’t, but with the impact of the general flat rolled market, everyone is reconsidering and when there is tightness in the flat roll market all customers whoever is having difficulties go shopping to their other suppliers asking for more tons. And therefore, then there is more pricing pressure on all of the suppliers and The Techs have a harder time, price-wise, with all those other suppliers. And therefore that makes our shipping rate even lesser than issue. So that’s what I was trying to imply. It had nothing to do with the Mon Valley capability. They are standup guys and they have always – we’ve been a great partner with them there. So I didn’t mean to imply anything whatsoever with US Steel Mon Valley. I'm sorry. Brian Hsien Yu – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Mark D. Millett: But I think the other issue, or consideration, is that the Dick's team in Butler has done an absolute phenomenal job over the last two or three years and the capacity of that mill is growing from 2.4 million tons up to in excess of 3 million tons. A lot of that was – that expansion was going to be assorted Hot Band, because of the limitation on the coal reversing mill to convert it to cold-rolled and downstream.Brian Hsien Yu – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Mark D. Millett: And consistent with the – consistent with the innovative sprit, the guys of just recently, two, three months ago.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I would say that the I think from the Steel Caucus from the house was a very reception. But you would expect from the Steel Caucus Group because they are at least tuned in, to our play its matter of expanding that warm reception to those who don’t necessarily have steel producers in their home districts. But talking to others as congressmen took me around and gave me some introductions, I think it was at least pleasant visit that I had the opportunity to participate. Again I think the best word that we got from trade groups and so forth, I mean that the secretary was that it was preliminary rulings, that they were still gathering information. We didn’t really understand why that the rulings where, that they where when they were, it seem to be unfavorable ruling and they justify with the fact that they had not had enough information was – that you would have ruled the other direction giving a more favorable preliminary ruling. And still gathered the information and send other signals. But in order what it is. So everyone still anticipating the final decrease it come out. And so I think there is still opportunities and reasons to be optimistic about both all country tubular goods as well as rebar. So and then there are other products out there, that we have to be vigilant about cold galvanized products, painted products, like gauge particular. And so others interesting times, that we still need to be participating with products.
Mark D. Millett: I think on general take is that, imports will continue to be a bit of ahead wind, once the domestic global spread gets up to that a $25, $150 a tons they start getting, attractive or some interest, but I think as the first couple of months of the year indicative of the level that’s going to be sustained the whole year or is it going to be a similar year to 2013, where we seem to get a couple of spikes each year and it just so happens the first spike was at the very beginning. And I guess I would suggest that at least historically and obviously that is been global over capacity for long-time and trade imports unfairly traded imports. Been there for years. Is not a new phenomenon and if you look typically 13, 12 imports are round about $29 million, $30 million tons which seems to be a normalized level, they tend as a percentage of sort a current consumption. It’s in the 20 year-on-year row, it’s about 21, 22 maybe 23% and I don’t see why there is anything to drive sort of a major dislocation in 2014.
Mark D. Millett: Again it’s – I think is a question of spread between domestic and foreign pricing. And markets – commodity markets have a wonderful way of balancing themselves out. The domestic price goes up, because of either demand or supply side pressure. Next the import is attractive, they come in and as we saw in February this year, the domestic market turns over a little bit. And as I said if you look at 2012 and you look at 2013, we had two very, very, very similar spikes, and they lasted a couple of months. So the question is, is the February, March, is that a similar trend, and so we are going to get a spike, things turn over little bit, and they go away and we get another one later in the year or is it a prolonged, protracted issue? I don’t know who has got the clear crystal ball, but I would suggest that we are comfortable that it’s not a 2006 crisis, it’s just an ongoing 2012, 2013 type trend.David A. Lipschitz – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thanks.
Mark D. Millett: And, again, I think and plus we are more optimistic than most, but we see demand growth. From our aspect – from our viewpoint, we truly see construction is coming back both on the non-res and the residential side of things, and that’s going to continue to drive our market.David A. Lipschitz – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thanks.
Mark D. Millett: Again, don’t have visibility across all nations. But I know Dave up in Minnesota is still struggling with cars going back and forth through the range.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. and that’s what we’ve shipped, that was a lot was shipment of long rail product.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. thank you very much.
Mark D. Millett: Phil, I think the trend is I think our folks look at it and see it is on the upswing at least in the short run, again, whether that is more than that is a furlong up direction, it’s way too early to tell, but I think at least as we look into May, we think the trend is going to be upwards. Philip N. Gibbs – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Millett: Super, thanks Dick. Well, I guess just in closing, with the polar vortex behind us where we continue to maintain a positive view moving through 2014 into 2015. As I said earlier the residential and non-residential markets from our perspective are recovering and will allow us to start fully – averaging the $1.7 million tons of kind of latent capacity that we’ve been unable to use in the past. And as that additional demand does return obviously utilization rates will increase across the nations, but should allow margin expansion to occur also. We mentioned the premium rail and the SBQ expansions, we are incredibly excited about that and look forward to them contributing. We are in great financial shape. We do have the ability to grow. We’ve got great customers, and most importantly we have a phenomenal team with a passion to deliver. So on behalf of the whole team almost 6,800 of us now I’d like to thank you for your time this morning and your support to our company. A special thanks to all of our customers. Our team will continue to strive to create value for you. And as I said most importantly to each employee, thank you for your commitment, you passion, and remember to be always safe, always. Thank you.
Theresa E. Wagler: Thanks Mark. Good morning, everyone. Our first quarter 2014 net income was $39 million or $0.17 per diluted share. It was on the upper range of our guidance between $0.13 and $0.17. This compares to net income of $55 million or $0.24 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though our net sales of $1.8 billion only decreased minimally compared to the fourth quarter. Operating income declined $27 million or 25%, this was largely due to weather. The severe weather conditions that existed throughout much of the first quarter significantly reduced earnings. Conversion cost at our Midwest steel mills increased due to higher electricity and natural gas costs. Production was reduced due to power company curtailments, and shipments were reduced due to lack of available rail cars and trucks for delivery. All of our businesses were negatively impacted in some way, and our steel operations were impacted the most. Operating income from our steel operations decreased $47 million just over 30% compared to the fourth quarter. Total shipments decreased 6%, but the severe weather impacted our sheet and structural steel operations the most. At these locations, shipments decreased, and we recorded significantly higher electricity and natural gas costs. However, stronger order activity toward the end of the quarter, and the resulting growing backlog, suggest that our customers end market demand is steadily improving, and that reduced first quarter volumes were related to the winter weather. Operating income from our metals recycling operations, decreased by $2 million compared to the fourth quarter. The decrease was directly related to costs associated with building damages from excessive snow accumulation, again weather related. Operationally, ferrous shipments and metal spread were generally flat, while non-ferrous shipments increased and metal spread improved. Fabrication is the bright spot, demand continues to strengthen, from the seasonal perspective shipments were reduced slightly, but operating income actually improved to $3.1 million in the quarter, a notable improvement over previous quarters. From a new contracts perspective more an administrative item, I just wanted to point out that the first quarter effective tax rate included a benefit of approximately $0.01 per diluted share. Towards the end of March Indiana decreased its corporate income tax rate which resulted in us reducing our deferred income tax liability. Regarding first quarter 2014 capital allocation, we utilized $27 million of cash and operations, compared to generating $66 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Working capital required an additional $120 million this quarter, an increase of $89 million in accounts receivable with the primary use of funds. The quality of our customer accounts remain high. The increase is a function of sales timing during the quarter and increased product pricing. It’s not from aging accounts. We also just review the company’s annual profit sharing allocations to employees in March, this totaled $23 million. Going forward we would expect working capital to be a source of funding for the second quarter of 2014. Liquidity remains strong. At March 31, our liquidity totaled $1.4 billion. This includes available cash of $343 million and the benefit of our unused revolving credit facility of $1.1 billion. Our credit metrics are also very good and well within any covenant requirements. At the end of the quarter total debt was $2.1 billion with minimal secured borrowings of just over 15% of our outstanding. Our net debt was $1.8 billion, with trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA at $643 million resulting a net debt leverage of 2.8 times, which is below our preference of 3 times through the cycle. Current maturities of long-term debt were $344 million at March 31, including this amount all the convertible senior notes of $288 million that matured June 15. 16.8 million shares underlie the notes, with an expected conversion price of $17.10. Our stock price has been trading well above its amount. Our balance sheet continues to be very strong based on our low cost highly variable operating platforms which provides robust through cycle cash flow. Our capital structure has both the flexibility to sustain current operations and support future growth. To conclude, I will provide the sub-categories for those tracking our sheet shipments. For the first quarter of 2014, hot-rolled coil shipments were 263,000 tons. P&L 87,000 tons, cold-rolled coil 32,000 tons, hot-rolled galvanized, 106,000 tons, cold-rolled galvanized, 41,000 tons, painted products, 101,000 tons, and finally Galvalume, with 10,000 tons for a total of 642,000 tons of shipments in the first quarter. Mark, I’d like to turn it back to you now.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes it was.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right, thank you very much. I’ll get back in the queue.
Theresa E. Wagler: The only part of that’s insurable with very, very small part and that’s relate to the damage to the building because it’s snow accumulation and it is a de minimis amount.Nathan D. Littlewood – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Got, it. Okay.
Theresa E. Wagler: I can’t answer that question; I don’t have that in front of me. It was meaningful, we tended to look at it as first quarter costs, how much higher they were than the fourth quarter costs, and you kind of look more on a sequential basis than quarters. And it was definitely in the tens of millions of dollars impact.Nick Jarmoszuk – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly, yes the fourth quarter still had some additional cost associate with year-end adjustments related to bonuses et cetera. And so and there was also additional expenses related to an RSU program. And so going forward you’re probably going to see a – and more inline with what you’ve seen in the first quarter and I wouldn’t expect dramatic changes from that.Philip N. Gibbs – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Theresa E. Wagler: We actually do has a portion of that at each of our steel divisions and most of the divisions were hedged to a certain point some of them were exposed and that’s where additional cost came to there.Luke McFarlane – Macquarie Capital, Inc.:  Got it, thanks.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Well, in the future. I don’t need to be quiet, but we’ve never had a habit to preempt our potential growth opportunities and so we actually want to go forward –their approval.Dave A. Katz – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I’ll wait until the future then. Thank you.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Yes, I will throw the color in on that because only market everything correctly that from an availability standpoint we did have maintenance outages scheduled there. But we decided to push those off because we can’t, we had four day outage plant here, our spring outage that was going to occur here in the second quarter. We decide to push that into third quarter because we can and we had an upgrade outage plan for June in Jeffersonville that for a speed increase and so forth for our Galvalume coating line that we’ve pushed that into July. So that we have the opportunity to be a bigger player in the marketplace because of some of the curtailments that are going on in the flat-rolled arena, so we could make our products available and some of it is because of issues going on, we have to – we’re going to step up and help our sister division in Pittsburgh The Techs or as they reach out and gain much of their supply, most of your supply normally from the marketplace, and with the tightening going on in this why we will now supply a bigger portion that we normally would, we’ll do it ourselves from the Butler plant then by taking outages into the next quarter and give the marketplace a chance to recover from some of these issues that it’s currently seeing itself. And we’ve already from the other plants, we went through our maintenance outage at Columbia City and every things running well there. And so that is up to snuff. We have small furnace outage going to occur in May in Pittsboro, but their customers won’t see that because we have a full of supply and we’re currently going through a maintenance outage in Roanoke, but when it comes back, again we ship most of the outage inventory there, so customers won’t have any issues. And in West Virginia there’s new fall. So there are no issues that Steel Dynamics very strong and healthy.
Richard Teets, Jr.: Thanks Chris.Evan L. Kurtz – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  And just to clarify did you say that first quarter 2014 with 25% higher than the backlog in the first quarter of 2013 is that right.
Richard Teets, Jr.: I was talking 2013 and 2014; I apologize if I confused everyone. The one caller about joist bookings, I just like to restate, between 2009 and 2013, typical fourth quarter sales increased by approximately 50%, after that increase came between fourth quarter 2012 and fourth quarter 2013 alone. The first quarter of 2014 7% over first quarter of 2013. Thanks for letting me clarify that.
Richard Teets, Jr.: I actually would tell you now that, this year that’s again this is going to be small tons, because we are really working on a high quality as I said it starts with the 200,000 tons and by the end of the year, really honestly believe it gets up to about 16,000 tons at the end of the year per month. And that’s not a big a number of tons and so, most of it is going to be around the lower end of the quality spectrum, because there is still going to be trials the sizing mill was going to becoming into play here until the end of this month, being end of June and again we are going to be experimenting with that we are going to be going through the keep act process of sending those products to customers, we won’t get approval on that early even just of this year. And so because that’s a very demanding process and so I won’t be thinking about major margins on those products, but I think for us it’s a really a 2015 excitement and then big investment for us…
Richard Teets, Jr.: Yes, I guess I just wanted to make a clarification, earlier when I was talking about a question, answering a question on the number two mill. the 14-inch mill, Pittsboro when I was talking about the tonnages. It was specifically directed towards the tonnages coming from the number two mill. and I said about ramping from 2,000 tonnes, up to about 16,000. when you consider, this is still April when you look at the tonnes in aggregate that becomes about 70,000, 75,000 tonnes plus or minus in the year. So those are still some significant tonnes, still tonnes downplay the expected margin impacts on it. But Pittsboro as a whole, as we have to remember when you think about year-over-year, last year, we were not running the melt shop, because of softness in the market during the daylight hours because we didn’t have the order book, the backlog wasn’t there, we are running flat out now. So from the whole plant perspective, we are doing – we are going to have couple hundred thousand tons of greater production in shipment. So I wasn’t – I want to make sure everyone understood how excited, the whole steel platform is about the improvement in the market, the production and everything. I was specifically addressing, I thought the question after I handed the answer almost sound like a downer about Pittsboro. No I was only being very specific about the number two mill and I didn’t want to raise the expectations of a major participation of that mill on the impact of that financial performance so that was my clarification.
