Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Clint. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Steel Dynamics Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce one of the newest members of our team, Marlene Owen. She joined us in September as the Director of Investor Relations, and we're excited to have her as part of the team. Marlene's contact information is on our website and also noted on our press release. I will now turn the call over to Marlene for a review of our forward-looking statements.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. So the number that I would look at is before amortization, Sal, or the amortization is just really to the intangibles from the purchase accounting. So that's really nonoperational. And if you look at the components that are in both metals recycling and the ferrous segment, you have not only Minnesota operations but you also have a very small component related to the copper rod mill and then Iron Dynamics. And we tend not to separate those out individually. And what I would suggest is that the Minnesota operations number that we give you is the net after-tax number. So from a pretax perspective in the third quarter, you're looking at Minnesota operations of a loss of approximately $23 million. And remember, that $23 million is 100% of the losses, and we only own 81%.
Theresa E. Wagler: I'll take the first part of your question. Related to capital investments for 2013, we'll be providing a lot more information on that on the first quarter conference call. There will be some rollover on the SBQ expansion projects. We'll spend probably around $20 million this year. So the incremental $55 million to $56 million will be spent in the first half of next year related to that project. Otherwise, I think it's safe for you to build in probably $100 million. So if I were looking at investments right now, I might probably put in $150 million for CapEx next year. And then after we go through our specific planning, which takes place in late October and early November, we'll provide greater detail on our first quarter call.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. As we report Minnesota operations on a net basis, I think it's safe to look at the quarters being very similar, not materially different.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. I guess in conclusion of our opening remarks, I'd like to again thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and their dedication and their commitment to safety. Each and every one of you contributes, and each and every one of you makes an impact to our company. I also would like to thank our loyal customers and shareholders for their continued trust and support. So now, Clint, I'd like to open the call for questions that you may have, any of the listeners may have, for myself or the team.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, and several -- just to add, I think we consider that to be an incredibly compelling project. It's an incredibly effective use of capital. It's $75 million, $76 million or so to get 325,000 more tons. That puts us into an incredibly low-cost position in that arena. We already are one of the lower-cost operators, I think, SBQ. And so you're starting with a culture, a low-cost position and also sort of a low-cost overhead for fixed cost for that material. The -- as Dick said, this huge customer support for that product. And I think one needs to recognize that Dick, Barry and the team here have done an incredible job over the last 3 or 4 years. We are the beneficiary today of what they've done, engineering new products and new qualities of bar some 4 years ago, and they've gone through years of approval and quality certification. And that creates a high hurdle of entry into that business. And it's got -- it's not a matter of switching an SBQ mill on and accessing some of those markets. You really have to prove yourself, create the product and it's again difficult to get into.
Mark D. Millett: I think we also should recognize the 3 and 5/8 inch, and that -- that's -- that represents about 55% of the SBQ market, which is probably an 8 million- to 10 million-ton market. So you're looking at penetrating 325,000 tons into a 4 million, 4.5 million ton market, which we would suggest is somewhat incremental and, as Dick says, with the customer support and loyalty that we have, with the quality of our product and the fact that we're going to be the largest single-site SBQ facility in North America. We have about 900,000 tons of product capability under one roof, which brings a lot of value and a lot of logistical savings to the customer.
Mark D. Millett: I think if you look at that capacity of let's just call it 1 million tons for the sake of argument, 1.2 million tons compared to 2011, we shipped a record 5.8 million tons in 2011. So there's 1 million, 1.2 million of latent capacity there. I think half of that over the next 18 months, given our expansion, hopeful expansion, of rail offerings and also the SBQ will occur or come back regardless of economic recovery. The other half is obviously related or principally related to the residential and nonresidential construction. A lot of that capacity remains at the construction mill. And so nonresidential construction has to come back to fully utilize that.
Mark D. Millett: And then -- thanks, Gary. And then on the residential side, obviously there has been a little bit of a forward movement there. Housing starts have picked up a little bit. Inventories are folding, receding. And rents are going up. So I think -- at least we think that is a positive sign.
Mark D. Millett: Sal, I think, as we've suggested in the past, the impact will start to be seen in the second quarter of next year. We still have a reasonable amount of inventory, as you suggest, to consume here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
Mark D. Millett: No, we will ramp that up. Currently, they are running or have achieved -- actually, they have achieved design throughput at the plant. There is some recirculation right now. We need to restore a ball mill to grind the incoming material to get full productivity. But the operation is working extremely well. The quality is running around about 62% to 64% total line. We need that ball mill to get it up to a -- to exceed consistently the 63% that we've targeted. But not the -- so the plan is to ramp that up.
Mark D. Millett: No, no. It's -- it was planned from the very beginning. The equipment delivery is just delayed a little bit. So again, it doesn't stop us from producing. It's just -- the increase of the recirculation of the facility to -- going around the, I guess, in the surface, you can say. And so it just compresses the actual output through the next couple of months.
Mark D. Millett: I think just the -- for the, well, sort of intellectual, academic consolation, we keep roughly -- or the flow is roughly 2 weeks of inventory at OmniSource and roughly 4 weeks of inventory at the steel mill. So as the market goes up and down, I think you could, at least as a guide, sort of back out maybe as to what that impact might give you.
Mark D. Millett: I would say they're relatively stacked over time. I think there's -- again, as the mill utilization rate goes down and the demand goes down, that's going to -- they're going to compress. But again, as I look back, they’re relatively stacked over time. If you take out their cycles, Luke, if you go -- for sure, year-over-year, they're very stable. It's just hopefully fluctuations have kind of -- has changed -- well, changes dramatically.
Mark D. Millett: And Brett, I guess your question really relates to sort of capital allocation. And I -- I mean, our first thrust is to continue the strength in the balance sheet and reduce our debt. And as Theresa indicated, we're making progress there. I think that being said, we're still a growth company. We're not going to grow just for growth's sake, but our focus is to enhance the quality of our earnings and also to try and improve the consistency through the cycle, so to speak. And I think you can see that our immediate focus is on maximizing the potential opportunities within our existing mills, such as the [indiscernible].
Mark D. Millett: I think, well, that's a big -- big enough for us to chew and swallow in any way, shape or form. The recent suggestion on that mark is they're looking for $5 billion, $6 billion, $7 billion. It's difficult to see that at that level of pricing, anyone is going to get a good return on that investment. But that's up for those parties to figure. But we will just wait and see in the sidelines and be an excited spectator.
Mark D. Millett: And relative to the specific inventory, we don't necessarily have insights into our customers to that level of degree. Because that inventory readjustment is realignment, is not just in bar stock, it's in sort of the semifinished pieces that the other goods people sort of assembled. So that's why I think it's been a protracted realignment. And I do think it's going to continue into the fourth quarter. But I do believe as Dick said that, hopefully, our volume should be somewhat stable quarter-over-quarter, maybe down just a little, but nothing material.
Mark D. Millett: Well, obviously, there has been structural change there. We're cognizant of that, and I think the principle initiatives are, first and foremost, trying to shift the flow of material away or the percentage of flow away from the prompt scrap into more retail, which is a higher margin business. And Russ and his team have been reconfiguring a lot of our retail businesses, scrap yards, along with the opening up new ones. So that is one initiative. The introduction of new technology to extract more nonferrous from the supply chain of the shredders is a significant one. As we said, that's going to be piling [ph] up one late this year, early first quarter and the second one, probably late first quarter going into the second quarter maybe. But there is a handsome return, I do believe, on those 2 facilities. We're also spending time and a little bit of money on technology to improve the products that we offer to the marketplace, and thereby, extract a little more margin, a little bit more value. We have stepped our toe in water on the order process business, but I would say it's meaningful. It's more to learn that business more than anything, currently. But it's an effort to look at it back to the integrated into the supply chain of halts [ph]. I think we, from an investment standpoint, we don't necessarily intend expanding our geographic footprint within metals recycling, but we certainly are looking sort of on a circular basis at small opportunities that will improve our sort of regional market presence. That's just a smaller yard here or there, and we're not talking about massive dollars, $1.5 million, $2 million or so. But the intent there is to perhaps take advantage of the financial stress that some of the smaller players are having, as was indicated earlier, and improve our market position.
Mark D. Millett: I would say that we have seen better order entry, a little bit more than the last few days, I'd say the last week and a half, which again has suggested to us that perhaps we had a little bit of an inflection point. And I think one has to stress that these market shifts are greatly influenced by procurement mentality, almost more than anything. The underlying demand probably has, across-the-board, has probably softened a little bit. But it's the volatility, the tight inventories, people stay in and out of the market and then an absolute need to get in, whether it be on the scrap recycling side or whether it be on the finished product side, that's exaggerating or amplifying the moods. But to answer your question, yes, we've seen a pick up. And yes, as Dick said earlier, we're pursuing appreciation and pricing along...
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think it's an exciting time for us even though we're in a challenging markets and a time of diversity. I think it creates opportunity and makes one look inwardly to your operations and where can we streamline, where you can cut costs even further. So we're certainly going to come out of this as we've done in past and in terms of stronger fourth. We certainly have a phenomenal team. We have great books in order and technology out there. And the combination of our assets and our culture and our people is driving, has driven and will continue to drive financial metrics better than our competition. And if you look at operating income per ton, if you look at our EBITDA margins, they are consistently, through the cycle, good and bad at top of class. And the team is squarely focused on continuing that. We, strategically, will focus, as I said earlier, on maximizing the opportunities within our company today. The SBQ project, I think, is incredibly compelling. I think we wish we had probably a dozen of those projects out there. But looking at that, looking at expanding or diversifying our structural mill is a focus for us. If you look across our company, having a diversified portfolio of value-added products has served us well in many arenas, in the sheet arena, in Steel West Virginia, in Engineered Bar Products. Construction mill being principally single market, single-product focus has obviously had a tough time the last couple of years. And our focus there is to diversify there through expanding our rail presence, and secondarily, diversing it through the supply of blooms to SBQ. If you think about that sort of indirectly expanding or mitigating the risk because that SBQ product is 250,000 tons, perhaps a little more, will go down to Pittsburgh. That material will be going into automotive and into off-road and into manufacturing applications. So the intent there is to, a, improve the margin profile of that business; and secondarily, improve it through the cycle by having a diverse product portfolio. So I think -- and again, focused on our customers. We have even greater sort of focus, I guess there, not only on serving them well, on creating value there. But as formally, more importantly, identifying the products and the services that they're going to need going forward, not focused necessarily on just making the products of today, but where will the automotive will be, for instance, in 3 years, 4 years or 5 years, making sure we can supply those products and expand further our portfolio and protect ourselves. I think as we grow, we're going to focus on leveraging our core strengths and our culture. And I think also not just looking at margin, the quality of our earnings, but recognizing that perhaps imports going forward could play a part and position the company to insulate ourselves somewhat from there. If you look at the SBQ with the engineered-type focus of their product portfolio. You should have the spread of products that doesn't get into painted products. Looking at the Steel West Virginia, very, very unique products that they produce there. You look at rail, rail being produced at the -- weld them together at 1,600 feet, a challenge any Japanese supplier of rail to put down on a boat and import it. So it's just growing with a focus of maintaining our earnings through the cycle. So we're excited.
Mark D. Millett: Yes, because ultimately, we say, "We freeze order intake and the price is up." So if it's in, it's up.
Mark D. Millett: Well, John, I think you had a myriad of thoughts, and I think 2 questions that I could discern. Relative to looking at the profile of our sort of earnings engines, you're very right, steel tends to be our principal earnings driver, no doubt about it. And the margins in that sector, compared to recycling and compared with fabrication is stronger. Recycling margins tend to be naturally thinner than the steel in any event. But nonetheless, we are, as I outlined earlier and as Russ outlined, making or taking initiatives to strategically boost that margin and return them to fair territory, as Gary's doing on the fabrication side, looking at products castellated beams and different services to provide greater value to the customer to expand margin. Relative to ore pricing, again, crystal ball is pretty cloudy there. If you look at the cost curve, global cost curve, you can substantiate most pundits that would suggest pricing through the cycle has been arranged from $100 to $115 a ton. Sometimes, it may exceed that; other times, it may drop as we saw here a month or so ago. Still not much about value, $13 in the boat is -- would will be a hell of a price, if that's what they can achieve.
Mark D. Millett: I'd agree. I think OmniSource has been strategic for us. If you look at the synergies or whatever, it obviously gives us a stable source of supply. It's [indiscernible] having the transparency or the division into the supply chain. It's allowed us to reduce our inventories across our business. We used to keep 6, 8 weeks of inventory at our steel mills. Today, we're 3, 4 weeks. That's helped us depending on what market pricing, but it's probably $100 million, $120 million, maybe $140 million improvement in our working capital needs. The other great driver on the recycling side is having a large pocket of scrap, when we go to buy scrap from third parties for our steel mills. Because as I think you know, only about 45% of our scrap flows from OmniSource to the steel mill. 50%, 55% of the scrap is actually bought from third parties. When you have that supply in your back pocket, you can leverage the market to some degree. And as you all know, scrap trades at a range, it doesn't trade at a specific point. It does trade at the American Metal Market bushling price, it trades perhaps $10, $15 a ton, plus or minus that number. And with the OmniSource acquisition, we are able to buy our third-party tons at the lower end of that range, can sell them -- the OmniSource tons to third parties, perhaps at the higher end of that range. That value accrues to the steel platform, not the recycling platform today. So we are happy with the OmniSource acquisition still. Would have preferred not have bought it at the top of the valuation cycle, but hey, we weighed it, so...
Mark D. Millett: I guess for those that are still on the call, we dwell -- as the industry seems to dwell just a few weeks ahead of ourselves and the horizon seems to be very short nowadays, and I just want you all to recognize we are squarely focused on positioning the company for 3, 5, 7, 10 years out. And I think there's a lot of positives out there if you do that longer term. The -- you're starting to see reassuring of manufacturing, it's not that cheap or it's getting more expensive to produce in China today. The shale gas phenomenon is going to drive investment in this country. You've got an aging infrastructure that will require dollars to be spent and turn into a good product, good opportunities for the steel mill arena. On residential, and residential will come back, and I do believe the U.S., although we went down and downhill fast back in '08, '09, at least we did it ahead of other economies, so we're probably going to be -- the economy that comes out at first. So we're actually very, very excited and bullish longer term even though we have to deal with the challenges and the vagaries of the media markets. But thank you for your time today. Thank you for your support. And to our employees, a heartfelt thank you for your hard work and commitment. Work safely out there, guys and girls. And to our shareholders, thank you for your support. Customers, thank you too. Have a great day. Be safe.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, to answer the first one, I think certainly, the pressure on scrap markets and scrap suppliers has been very difficult. Again, as Mark talked about, the rollercoaster ride, the ups and downs, certainly put pressure on the margins and the profitability of all [indiscernible]. So certain -- I would -- I think as we suffer, I think everyone else in the scrap industry suffer. So have we seen a series of closing? I haven't seen that. But certainly, I think everybody's under pressure. On the 5-year look, well, I think, I mean, if you can tell me what the mill utilization rate here to the next 5 years, and you might have a shot there. But it's -- as you look at this year, rollercoaster ride, up and down and up and down. And not just up and down in a small range, up and down in a big range. I think until we get some economic certainty in the global economy, I think it's going to be that rollercoaster ride.
Russel B. Rinn: Evan, I think the inventories in this entire supply chain, I think, remain fairly lean. Again, another rollercoaster ride. The old adage "You just don't know until you plow", I think everybody pretty well modeled that in this time frame because it's just too risky to hold inventory. Mill utilization rates are still, as Mark indicated earlier, were down from where they were earlier in the year. I don't see anything that tells me those are going to jump up to 80% anytime soon, so I think we're just going to kind of rock along. As I look where we're at on the October levels, pricing levels, they're very similar to the July pricing levels. If you'll recall in July, those low price levels relatively pretty much shut the flow off at the dealer level. And so I think we're experiencing some of that as these October prices are at that similar level. What happens in November, I think it's probably sideways. Strong sideways will be my guess. But again, that can change very quickly. I would say the indications are that we are at the bottom, and I think the balance of the quarter should be upward pressure if anything.
Russel B. Rinn: There has been a little bit of uptick in the export market. It's -- again, just like the regular scrap market, steel markets go in fits and spurts. But again, I think the real issue is the scrap yards are not attracting -- the prices are not attracting scrap out of the fields or out of the dealers. I guess it's going to put a constraint on the supply so that the scrap yards and dealers all have to pay higher to get there. Therefore, the pressure is going to push the price up from those lower levels. But again, it's such a volatile market and it can change very quickly.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, that's -- I'm thinking of the rollercoaster ride. It was down, a hard time in July, up in August. They're down again in September and certainly made those spreads look swollen [ph]. Again, obviously, in a strong up market, if the -- you get the benefit of the inventory that flows over. You get the opposite effect you get the -- when you got a strong down market. So I think across the spectrum, I don't think we had a huge movement in the overall spread. What we were able to do effectively, I think, is worked very hard on a cost side basis. And I think that's one of the things that's been our focus, and I think we're starting to see some impact of the hard work by our team on focusing on the cost aspects of our business.
Russel B. Rinn: I think as the markets move, we're always going to adjust to the market. If you're expanding, we're going to expand. If they're contracting, we're going to contact, and I think that's just the nature of the business. But it's not just overhead and people and that nature. It's also how your -- being smart about how you're doing business and making sure you're doing the right things with your product and your kind of supply, so that you're not overreaching on the buy side or overreaching on freight side or any of those things. And all that has taken a concerted effort of our tech team and I'm awfully proud.
Richard P. Teets: I'll be happy to take a shot at that one. I would tell you if you looked at the list of the announced SBQ expansions, the vast majority are capacity expansions. The difference with us at this point [ph] was ours is a product mix diversification expansion, and we're really driving down into the higher accuracy, the demanding -- the tolerance-demanding small bars that we have no -- really no significant presence in today. And so I can't speak to the viability of the capacity expansion projects and their ending results, but I would tell you that I'm still very optimistic about the positive results mostly because we have the early indications of customer desire, and we are going through customer approvals and different evaluation processes and -- during this time in anticipation of our next year start-up.
Richard P. Teets: I'm not going to make that statement because we're not hugely penetrating that market today. So I'm not -- I haven't followed it. But again, I would tell you that we consistently earn our share of the market. I would tell you that our belief is we've grown our percentage of market participation during this downturn and that we are fully believing that because we're bringing a new product. There's always a customer desire to have a new opportunity to have a new supplier because that changes the dynamics of the market. And so, therefore, I believe we'll have a great acceptance, and then it's up to us to earn their continued business.
Richard P. Teets: All I'll say is we're realizing the change in direction and are conscious of the magnitude and pursuing it aggressively.
Richard P. Teets: I think the yellow goods have taken a quick inventory assessment and are constricting their consumption at this moment. A little bit of energy. I think there's a lot of giddiness in the gas patch. I know there's still drilling going on, but it's shifting. They're shifting from the shale gas into the wet gas and oil exploration areas. But every -- we could -- we track it. There's 2- or 3-rig count decrease, at least, in the United States. And last week, I think there was a little bit of an uptick in Canada. But it's an attitude that is, I think, coming about in that field, and that it's going to become a little bit tighter because production continues to be pretty good and consumption is waning a bit.
Richard P. Teets: I would say that we have agreements that are ending scattered throughout the calendar year. And that's a -- our purpose not only by us but by our customers. And sometimes, it coincides with models and life cycles on their products. But we don't believe that the markets that we're supplying, there's going to be a tremendous readjustment or realignment. There is in volume. And as always, they're cognizant of what's a fair-based price because they want us to recognize that it's an engineered product and it's not a commodity. And we have so many more or we had so many more surcharges in the -- in that business that tend to adjust the price without necessarily touching the base because of -- all the alloys and swings at each of those prices can be had on a per pound basis as well as scrap. So I don't think there ought to be a whole lot of alarm in thinking about there's a monster ship coming January 1.
Richard P. Teets: We had forecast the fourth quarter to be probably pretty equal to where the third quarter is. We've made those forecasts and nobody's throwing us red flags as alarm. We're always kind of cautious, but I would tell you that we're not running because of the fire.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that it's a demand-driven adjustment, and I don't believe it's a supply. Again, I said we firmly believe that we have increased our market participation in that arena, and therefore, it's totally demand, not supply.
Richard P. Teets: I think it's across the board. Ag is a part of it. Again, earth-moving equipment, it has, I won't say, stalled but it has been, I think reevaluated by the retail yards. And therefore, they've backed it up a bit. I think the large diesel trucks are slowing a little bit. You see that when talking not only to what we sell, but also other component manufacturers. And the trailer build rate has tapered off from the first half of the year, and so therefore, it's just a realignment. And needless to say, every time there's really a drop-off in or an uptick in like the trailer markets, there's corresponding ones in related markets that's just for trucks, material handling, equipment and the like. So it's just a harmonious movement across the board in many of these markets.
Richard P. Teets: Aldo, being bluntly honest, I cannot give you that specifics of the breakdown. I mean we really look at it by products and some of the grades and sizes and our sales team may be has some of that data, but I look at it purely only upon size grades and where those movements go. I don't know the exact end users.
Richard P. Teets: No, not a whole lot. I'm an observer, I'm 30 miles away. I was up there on Monday, and I was responding based on the fact that they'll, at least, follow the order entry rate 2 weeks ago is dismal. A week prior, it was a major uptick, and that got everyone's attention and started making us look at who's buying, why they were buying and so forth. The first 2 days of this week, one was up there, were tremendous days of order intake. And I would tell you that earlier this week, the text had similar performance. So it doesn't take a rocket scientist to say that's the time you want to be protecting what you're doing and taking advantage of the markets. We have a very focused attention to the margin and bottom line and opportunity.
Richard P. Teets: I'm going to give you a lack of color, but I'm going to tell that Mark was probably tied into them a little earlier. I call it, herd mentality in some cases, that when they -- when it starts breaking, then all of a sudden, everyone thinks they're going to be one left behind in the gate. And all of a sudden, it just flows forward. And so and again, because of the nature of the downturn, the way it went down, there was people sitting on their hands. The consumption rate necessarily wasn't dropping off the cliff. It was just a matter of everyone thinking, "Hey, there's a better price lower tomorrow, and that drives that kind of reaction.
Gary E. Heasley: The ABI has been moving up. It was stronger earlier in the year. It fell off a bit. It's coming back. And these are small incremental. What we've seen in some markets, though, is continued growth. The joint industry's demand for the year is up 15%, and the deck industry's up about 12%. So we've seen pretty good growth in those areas, and we've seen that reflected in our order books. Our backlog is up year-over-year about 45%. So the growth has continued. Any positive sign in the ABI, we certainly won't -- we don't think there's some major catalyst that's going to come that's going to immediately change the world of construction and dramatically improve demand in that market. We think it will be slow, steady growth from here. Looking into 2013, the analysts that are looking at construction spending expectations are -- some of them, at least, are expecting to see 6% to 8% growth in overall construction spending next year. Whether that comes to be or not, I think depends a lot on what we do in this country to handle some of the fiscal challenges we're -- but we are looking for something that dramatically change the nature of the construction markets. We do expect some continued steady growth barring slipping into some deep recession.
Gary E. Heasley: Well, it's continued to improve, Timna. As we've gotten some stability in the hiring we've been doing out west and stacking up those plants. Those plants are now more stable in their staffing position. And we should see increase productivity helping to drive more, well, improved performance in those shops. That helps a lot. If the market continues to grow as it is, we should see continued improvement. Of course, seasonality will impact that, so the first quarter may not be better than the fourth quarter, but we should see continued improvement year-over-year, and hopefully, sequentially as we move forward.
Gary E. Heasley: Our normal margins will be significantly higher, Aldo, but it's going to change as we see a continued expansion. Right now, our margins are compressed because we have, again, I don't -- plants, being start-up costs continue. Well, these plants haven't started at the year, but productivity gains. There are plants built that are still to come. Our plants in the west are now running about 60% of productivity than our plants in the east. When we make up that difference, that could have a significant impact on margins. I don't know of what our '13 projected or '14 projected margins are right now, but obviously, it's significantly higher.
