Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning and happy 2019. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings call, and we certainly appreciate and value your time with us this morning. Hopefully, you see the Steel Dynamics team delivered another tremendous performance in 2018. Our strategic growth and market positioning during the last five years was integral to our current performance. Thank you to the entire SDI team for your passion and dedication to excellence in everything that you do. And congratulations to becoming a member of the Fortune Most Admired Company, you moved up to first in the metal sector, and that is an admirable place to be. So thank you for that. And thank you to our loyal customers, vendors and shareholders. On many measures, 2018 was a record year; record operating metrics, record profitability and record cash generation, to name just a few. We have many exciting plans for the coming years as well, but before I explain more, I ask Theresa to provide insights regarding our recent performance.
Mark Millett: I think, obviously, it’s a little too early to have a full baseload when the mill is scheduled for a mid-2021 -- summer 2021 startup. I will say, though, that with our Columbus facility, we have good knowledge within the Southwest area, I think 600,000 tons or so, perhaps a little bit more. We have 600,000 to 800,000 tons currently flows into the Southwest and about 120,000 tons flowed into Mexico last year. And we believe that the two mills will be complementary going forward. But nonetheless, we know the customer base is there, and we are very, very optimistic that the baseload will be debarked. We are looking at developing the site with kind of an industrial campus perspective, not unlike Butler. If you were to go to Butler today, we have right next door, I think, five, six, maybe seven facilities employing 1,500, 1,600 folks and consuming a good, I would say, 400,000, 500,000 tons a year, and our strategy will be to emulate that. And the initial customer excitement is, in all honesty, beyond expectation. I think you go -- and this may be simplistic, but if you just take the math and you put little red spots or blue spots or green spots on flat-rolled producing sites at the mills, you see an absolute void in the Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas region, a total void. That region is having to be served at a distance at a high freight number from domestic mills and obviously from imports. A large amount has been served by imports coming through to reduce them. The customer excitement, I think, is that they’ve never had a regional presence there, so they haven’t been able to expand their own operations to an extent that they would like, and they see this as that opportunity.
Mark Millett: Okay. I think you’re right that there has been some buyer hesitancy. I believe it coincides with a raw material fixture that has been depressed in the last two or three months. As we’ve seen many, many times in the past, when there’s an expectation of continued downward pressure on scrap pricing, the steel consumer expecting lower pricing tends to limit their buy to just what they need and don’t necessary want to speculate on their own inventories. I would suggest, though, that we’re at the bottom. I do think, as we’ve seen and I stated many times before, there’s a tendency for everyone to just jump out of the market, and then all of a sudden, everyone jumps back in the market, and we’re getting to that point. But I do believe underlying demand still remains very, very solid and will grow in 2019. Automotive is – momentum continues its pace. And I got to say, hats off to our Columbus mill because we continue to pick up market share in automotive. They shipped 400,000 tons into the automotive markets last year. If you remember, just a few years ago, that was almost zero. And the traction of the direct automotive team has been absolutely phenomenal. And we see that continuing to grow as we’re on – we got commitments on future platforms. So again, kudos to the direct auto team, to John Nolan, who’s been leading that, and Dave and everyone. But for us, auto is a growing market share opportunity. Construction, we continue to see growth there. As you saw, Columbia City had record shipments in 2018. As a sort of barometer through New Millennium Building Systems, we’re seeing a very, very strong backlog there. Activity is – continues to be very, very strong and up, which I think bodes well for that industry. We’re seeing projects get pushed a little bit back. Those projects are not getting canceled. It’s just getting pushed back, I think, through lack of construction labor. And so that gives, I think, legs, continued legs for that part of the industry. Structural and Rail Division also, I think, benefiting from rail. We’ve got about 30% market share there. We shipped almost, almost my target of 300,000 tons, so congratulations there. And I think that will continue to grow. The tariffs are having an impact on the West Coast. The Japanese, Asian rail is inhibited from coming in, and that’s opening up greater markets for rail in the U.S. Another large market for us, obviously, energy. Energy has remained strong. A little hesitation here and there but having been with several of our very, very large energy customers over the last two to three weeks, they are incredibly bullish. The – with oil pricing where it is today, the energy companies can make money, will continue to drill, and with that, imports – I mean, exports are expected to increase. And today, they’re flaring off a massive amount of the gas, which needs to be collected and utilized and levered. So they feel that the collection and distribution pipeline is going to be a very, very strong market for the next two, three years for sure. Then more generally, manufacturing, the other goods, truck, trailer, all remain strong. So we see a very healthy market environment for 2019. And with that, we think that demand or the order rate will pick up here in the next week or two and things will reverse.
Mark Millett: I’ll take the – which order should we go in? I think, generally, on the supply side, much of a supply-demand balance. On coated and – coated sheet, coated, pre-paint, we see very, very strong demand and supply tightness, I do believe. And so that order book is very, very good for us. Lead times are five to six weeks out in the most part. We are seeing a little softness, and you’re seeing that in the pricing in the marketplace right now. Obviously, in hot-rolled coil, you do have imports of hot-rolled coil specifically jumped up. You also – as you said, you have JSW Mingo Junction trying to penetrate the marketplace, not with very many tons. Unfortunately, sometimes, it only takes a few tons to pressure a market environment. So we are seeing a little bit of the impact there. Granite City obviously coming back. Again, though, I think once the uncertainty of the environment and the – not the uncertainty but recognition that scrap pricing is probably going to be a level in the months ahead, people are going to jump back in and start buying. Relative to taking market share for the new mill, again – and there was – I got to say that I was a little disappointed with the muted reaction from some of the analyst community on our announcement maybe because we didn’t describe it well enough, I don’t know. But that is a phenomenal – in my mind, the industrial logic there, strategic logic is incredible and will create a lot of long-term value creation because the mill will be differentiated from a technology process perspective. It’s going to broaden our portfolio of products. We’re going to 84-inch mill. It’s got the capability of, call it, 100 ksi at 1-inch thick, so it’s going to be brew to the mill. And you can consider it – I guess envision it as a kind of electric-arc-furnace mini-mill kind of hot end with an integrated style sort of cast through hot strip mill. The cast will be a thicker section, and the mill is going to allow us to improve on a thermal mechanical rolling perspective. And that’s going to get us into the high-strength API grades that no electric-arc-furnace supplier can provide today, and it’s certainly sort of a remaining bastion of the integrated mills. So will we gain market share there? I would certainly hope so. And again, we’ll be taking a large chunk of market share from imports. So that 3 million tons shouldn’t be viewed as direct competition to American capability, there’s 68% of energy goods, 68% or so of energy pipe and tube is in the Texas arena. About 40% of that is in Houston – some amount of tube is flowing into the Houston region. And unfortunately, given the trade expense to get domestic steel down there, the American pipe manufacturers have been at a disadvantage. With us in the region eliminating that trade disadvantage and as informally, given short lead times, they’ll be able to order on a short-term basis. They won’t have to wait for three weeks or four weeks for the stuff to come down the river or two or three months for inputs coming in. Those advantages will certainly allow us to take a large chunk of the import market that’s flowing into Houston. And the sites that we have auctioned can get us to the West Coast on a very freight advantage basis, and that opens up about a 3.5 million to 4 million ton marketplace out there as well. So we’re absolutely incredibly excited by the opportunity, and in all honesty, as we talk to our customers each and every day, I just get more excited.
Mark Millett: We always look at the investments on a through-cycle basis. This is not a trade play, hoping that the trade environment is going to be positive forever. It’s a market play. The mill is going to be able to deliver a differentiated product that certainly no EF producer will be able to produce at least today. That differentiated product going into the southwest market and into Mexico will, I think, allow that mill to have high utilization rate than the typical industry rate at any point of the cycle. So yes, we’re in a steel environment. We’re in a steel industry. We cycle up and down, but we feel that the through-cycle return metrics, the cash generation capability of this mill gives it a very good return for our shareholders.
Mark Millett: And again, it’s just our belief. And we have always – when we see a supply chain advantage, whether it be our paint business or whether that be our long rail business, there’s always room for a very, very cost-effective, efficient provider of new products. And so through cycle, I’ve got no concern.
Mark Millett: So from a schedule standpoint, we – as I said, sites have been certainly auctioned, both including the incentive package negotiations. And I would imagine within – it gives a little bit of freedom here, but probably six weeks to eight weeks, we should have that in hand. And we’re tweaking that, looking at logistics, rail, just a couple of little things to site here. But then hopefully, eight weeks or so, we should be able to announce the specific site. And once we do, I think you’ll see the incredible strategic logic in that site. From the standpoint of markets, roughly 40% or so moving to Mexico, 60% going into that four-state region. And again, just to remind you, that four-state region has kind of 8 million tons of demand currently. Mexico has roughly 50 million tons of demand, expected to grow by 2025 to, I think, roughly 20 million, 21 million tons. And today, 40 million tons of that are imported, are still short.
Mark Millett: 40%, sorry, is imported. And there’s a dislocation between mill capability within Mexico and demand requirements. And so there’s a growing gap actually between the total sheet and coated as the automobile industry ramps up there.
Mark Millett: I’ll take the – jump in the [indiscernible] timing, but I think the engineered bar SBQ world is very, very healthy. We were able to have an uptick in pricing for 2019. Like everywhere else, there’s a slight hesitancy in December as – because – although the prices go up, they’re indexed with the scrap. So they’re not sort of speculating on their own inventory. But the customer base is incredibly bullish, I do believe that. Interestingly, down there, the inspection line – these are small organic projects, but the inspection line down there was commissioned as planned, and I think it’s up and running and is almost at production capability. And we have a turning line up that’s going in there that will get commissioned later this quarter. And those helped draw volumes through the system, certainly needed for the automotive grades that we were ramping up. But generally, a very, very healthy environment at engineered bar. As I said, Structural, Rail Division at Columbia City, very, very strong. Record shipments last year. Pushing up toward a two million ton shipping rate through – for 2019 will be an expectation there. Merchant and shapes in Roanoke, a little soft. Again, they tend to be impacted probably more than anyone to the rise and fall of scrap.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Karen. Thanks for your help today. And to our employees out there, again, a million kudos and thanks for an absolutely outstanding, outstanding year. Remind you to be safe in everything we do. And to our customers and vendors, we certainly can’t do without you, so thanks for your support. And our shareholders, we will continue to demonstrate the growth and shareholder value that we have demonstrated in the past. Expect it going forward. So great, have a great day. Be safe.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning. This is Theresa. Yes, so from a capital allocation perspective, given the time frame over which these dollars are expected to be spent and given the cash that we’ll be generating during that time frame, we firmly believe that we still have the ability to not only grow organically with this facility and with the other projects that we’ve announced thus far, including the Columbus galvanizing line, but we also have the capability to do some transactional – and to also continue with our shareholder distributions through both the positive dividend profile and the continuation of a share repurchase program. So we don’t believe that this facility in and of itself curtails any of the other opportunities or options that we have from a capital allocation perspective.
Theresa Wagler: Let me just add, so Mark gave a great market overview, but as it relates to Steel Dynamics specifically, in addition to that, one should remember that the first half of last year, we didn’t have Heartland within our portfolio. We also really didn’t have the projects that have allowed us to access the extra melting capacity of the Structural and Rail Division in Roanoke, which opens up several hundred thousand tons of additional opportunity for us in 2019.
Theresa Wagler: But just as a reminder, and I think you all know this, but when we look at transactional opportunities, we look at through cycle not trying to guess where the cycle is at any point in time to make sure the cash sustainability is there. We also do that with our organic projects. So to Mark’s point, this facility has been tested on the perspective of capital allocation and investment premise and value creation through that. So it doesn’t really matter that we may be in an environment in 2018 where we have peak spreads. We use through-cycle spreads. We will measure that profitability. And we’re not in a point in time yet we will talk about returns on this facility simply because we’re still doing a lot of work along the time lines and looking at what’s the configuration will actually entail from a cost perspective. But when it’s time, absolutely, we’ll happily to do that.
Theresa Wagler: They all roll through the Steel segment because Iron Dynamics is captive with Flat Roll Division. It resides within our Steel segment.
Theresa Wagler: That probably is going to be still up in the cycle. For the fourth quarter, the mix on flat roll products, we had 873,000 tons of hot-rolled and P&O. We had 103,000 – excuse me, 132,000 tons of cold-rolled and 751,000 tons of coated. Apologies for that.
Theresa Wagler: Actually, the first $200 million to $300 million that we’re talking about for 2019 is really downpayments on equipment. It’s purchase of the actual land itself. It’s engineering work. So you absolutely should put that in your estimates for cash allocation.
Theresa Wagler: No, the question relates to fabrication, Chris, and we said the backlog is up year-over- year. And some of that is related to price appreciation that we’ve been able to garner here going into the 2019 time frame, but it’s also volume-related. It’s not…
Theresa Wagler: And I think another point to add to that is that even in 2018 with our record shipments, that really would not just based on market share gain. It was really across the board, the joist and deck shipments in the U.S. or consumption in the U.S. actually improved pretty meaningfully last year.
Theresa Wagler: Great question, Matt. I expected to have that. So based on, again, the period of time over which these dollars are going to be spent for the new facility, we absolutely believe that our credit metrics can still be maintained at investment-grade levels while doing new organic projects. We do believe that there’s room also for the additional continued shareholder return. And so it would be our expectation that – I think as I said on the last call, we’ve been dialoguing with the agencies. We’re not in a position at this point in time to make a firm commitment on this call, but we’re definitely having those conversations.
