Mark Millett: Certainly, Emily. Well, again, that business is incredibly robust. Our backlogs are so from a volume standpoint and pricing standpoint at historic highs. And we see that backlog well into 2023, probably about eight months from there, and it remains solid. Spreads are at very high numbers, as you can see from our most recent results. And we see that volume being sustained. Our Q3 volume into Q4. And our earnings should certainly parallel that as relative to the third quarter. I do believe. So very, very strong. As you may recognize, that industry over the years is sort of rationalized and consolidated. And no longer fragmented as it once was. And we see higher pricing and higher spreads being sustained through the cycle going forward.
Mark Millett: Well, Timna, I think, as we told in the past, I do believe our business model is definitely differentiated from our peers for sure. And the high utilization rate is triggered, I think, probably in three spots. One, is we have a much more diversified value-add product portfolio mix than probably any steel producer in the state today. That allows us optionality across all market sectors and all market products, and that certainly has a significant impact. I do believe we have cultivated and developed over time some pretty unique supply chain sort of partnerships with many of our customers, and that gives us resilience through the cycle. And then thirdly, the pull-through volume of our sort of downstream conversion facilities and New Millennium is quite considerable. So if you look at this year, New Millennium, we'll be consuming about somewhere close to probably 800,000 tons of substrate. And much of that is procured through our own mills. So there's a massive volume sort of pull through there. And then our Heartland facility, which is roughly 800 million ton a year converter takes material and also The Techs, which has 850,000, 900,000 tons of consumption. So that pull-through volume onto itself. When there's a need, we bring a lot more of that in-house to maintain that utilization. And as you point out, through the cycle, we typically at 10%, 15% higher utilization than the industry in general. And I can't overemphasize the impact that has on our through-cycle cash generation capability. It certainly supports that and in turn, supports all the growth and the cash allocation strategies that we -- the balanced cash allocation strategies that we continue to execute.
Mark Millett: Yes. Sorry. I mean, a little tough time hearing Timna. The Sinton mill, obviously, ramping up focused on furnishing material through the two coating lines, the galvanized line, the paint line and just ramping up and commissioning all the different product capabilities we have there. We believe Mexico will long-term despite the additional hot band capability that's come on stream, we'll continue to have a mismatch in the cold-rolled coated arena and so it's our intent to be transferring or selling into the Mexican market, HVAC appliance, and automotive there. And we have yet to develop a meaningful sort of shipping volume to the West Coast, but I'm confident that, that will occur over time as that ramp continues.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the -- given our investment in Mexico for Zimmer and with Roka where we thought there was a very unique opportunity that, that arena is prime scrap rich and it would allow us to support Columbus and Sinton. Beyond that, we're not interested in any sort of large-scale recycled sort of acquisition-type investment. The investments will be centered though on streamlining and improving our existing operations, lowering our cost structure throughout that organization. And more specifically, investing in sort of segregation separating type technologies to optimize the streams, the waste streams that we have. So the ore, the switch and everything divide that up into more value-added 5,000, 6,000 series type raw materials for our aluminum mill. And also investing in technologies and expanding our current technologies because in all honesty, on the ferrous separation, what we call Shred One [ph], the improved shredded material; we have the technologies available to us. It's just a matter of expanding that across our omni base. And those technologies, they honestly, it's not a massive amount of CapEx spend. Can be underemphasized though, how that's impacting the scrap flows, and it's not just us. Some of our peers are doing the same thing, producing a very low residual shred. And as I've said in the past, if you look at a shredded car today, if you just take a piece of the rusty metal itself, that's likely been produced through a integrated mill and is a very, very low residual. So by separating out the little bit of copper and nickel, you can get a prime scrap from that obsolete flow. And I think we're seeing it, you can see it in the marketplace today where prime is actually selling under the shred price today. And it is amplifying the fact that their perceived concerns as additional capacity comes online over the next few years. But I think we've demonstrated clearly -- the industry has demonstrated clearly what I've always said, and as innovation will trump a challenge each and every day.
Mark Millett: Well, I would describe the issues at Sinton today as just typical start-up issues, a little amplified by the supply chain constraints out there. In the old days or the other mills we started up, you need a spare part, and it's like literally on the shelf in the local city. We were seeing a little more time to react to certain issues. That said, it is purely just making sure that we are operating each piece of equipment all the way from the electric arc furnaces through the label furnaces cast and external just operating each and every minute of each and every day. As I said earlier, the equipment is proven to be able to produce everything we intended. It's produced out to 84 wide. We've gone down to 043 or 044 and light gauge. We produced 1-inch plate. As I said earlier, we've already been certified on some of the perhaps slightly easier API grades, but the other grades will come with time. There's no issue or challenge to get there. It's just a matter of time. So from a capability standpoint, it's definitely there. We've had shifts. We've had days close to 85%, 86% of production rate, which again, given the relative short time that, that team has been ramping up is absolutely incredible. I think it took us three years in Butler to get a 4,000 ton shift, and we've had many of those already. So I'm not concerned. It's just a matter of time. Would expect that 2023, we should get around 80% of our 3 million tons of shipping capability.
Mark Millett: Yes. I think it is transitioning a little bit. Early on, it was very, very sort of distribution warehouse focused with cloud computing and things are following along. Cloud computing, construction tends to be -- continue to be strong and grow. Warehouse may be kind of flat to stable. And we're also seeing sort of more infrastructure, hospitals, school type construction activity. So we see it strong. I mentioned earlier, it's not at the frenetic pace that it was perhaps six months ago or eight months ago. It's normalized to still very high relative to historic norms. And if you think about it, given the interest rate sort of environment and the little economic cloud that we have, it's not unexpected that people are wondering about projects, 7, 8, 9, 10 months out, and they're just waiting a little. But, in general, we see that just the nonresidential construction in general, remaining very, very, very robust through certainly the first half of next year into the latter half.
Mark Millett: Well, relative to aluminum, we are awash with interest, an incredible interest. To be honest, we have been focused of late locating the facilities. Glenn and his team have just, in the last week or two, completed the purchase of all the major sort of components. Certainly, all the long lead time issues, equipment packages. So progress is being made dramatically. We're now starting to focus on the commercial side. We've had initial conversations with all but one of the major beverage outfits, can makers. Incredible interest in honesty there. And also in automotive, there are several folks that have approached us to partner with us going forward. So, from a standpoint of contracted volumes, pricing, those sorts of things, that's too early yet.
Mark Millett: I would not expect 65% for the whole quarter. No. But I -- Phil, it's tough to give you a number. If things continue to proceed as they have, month-to-date, then you're going to see a very good number for the quarter. But I can't foretell the future. All I can say is the operation has reached a more stable, consistent level of operation. The big shifts or the big days, there are more of them. But more importantly, we're not seeing the zero shifts as we once were in the summer and as you see in any startup. So, the consistency of operation is very, very much improved and gives me a lot of confidence going forward.
Mark Millett: The pig iron, and we also ended the quarter with some scrap inventory that obviously flows through into the higher-priced scrap inventory that flowed into the third quarter, too. Those inventories are well in control now, and we're back to four-week, maybe five-week inventory level. So going forward, I think that will normalize. But the pig iron price in all honestly is going to continue into the fourth quarter, for sure.
Mark Millett: John, they've eased and ebbed a little. I would say that reduction in flow is probably going to sort of mitigate any further substantial decline in scrap pricing.
Mark Millett: Thank you, John. Thanks for the memory. But I do believe, to your point, the new aluminum mill -- and honestly, I don't look at it as an aluminum mill. It's a new horizon. It's the aluminum business for us. And it's not unlike 27 years ago, when we put SDI together and we penetrated and have been somewhat successful growing within the steel industry. The same sort of drivers exists today in aluminum as it did back in steel. You've got an aged industry, has very, very high legacy costs for sure, inefficiencies. Hasn't been a new mill built for some 45 years. And as you know, Glenn and his team is incredibly smart and talented getting the right technology and building it effectively and efficiently. It's exciting. And it's exciting for the young team that we have to see that being the foundation of our growth for the next 25 years.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the utilization of galv product is just generally expanding. I don't know whether you have a crawl around cars, but over my 20 or 30 years, it went from just one or two parts of the car to be galvanized -- or almost the whole car is becoming galvanized. So I think there's just a general expansion of that. Over time, people talk about the lightweighting in the automotive arena or lightweighting comes from stronger products, but also comes through thinner gauge material. So if you look at the length of coated material today versus the past. Just thinner means less throughput and needs more lines to get the same volume. So, I don't see there being a galvanized flood or issue that you might see.
Mark Millett: Well, super. Well, thank you, everyone, for your time today. Certainly, for those that have enabled our success, our customers, our service providers, and most importantly, our teams absolutely phenomenal group of people. We appreciate your loyalty, because we've been doing business together for years and years and years. And to those in the investment community that support us, thank you. We will endeavor to continue to treat our money or SDI's money like our own, like your money. We're going to utilize it very, very effectively. I think if you look at our use of those proceeds, we're very diligent, very disciplined in this interesting environment, spending money, again, effectively with higher returns than perhaps the industry in general. So thank you. Thank you for your support and to every individual of the SDI family that's on the line. Thank you for what you do. Be safe each and every day and look after each other. Cheers. Bye.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, Carlos, thanks for joining us on the call. So from the specifics of flat increasing, while, I would say, long products was very strong, because long products had record shipments in the second quarter, so still very strong. But you have to remember that, Sinton is starting up in this time frame. So the addition of Sinton ramping up helps offset some of the seasonality that you might see in our flat roll shipments even as we head into the fourth quarter. That being said, we're expecting still to see really resilient volume from the steel base, both in long and flat, as we head into the -- what -- you're correct, is more of a seasonal time frame, but we have some offsetting parameters as we look at both Sinton. And frankly, as we look at our coated products, specifically Galvalume had a really strong third quarter.
Theresa Wagler: But Alex, you're correct. That's for the entirety of the year. So there will be a progression of ramp so that by the time we're exiting 2023, we would expect to be operating at or near that capacity rate -- that full capacity rate.
Theresa Wagler: Alex, I think you were asking about the full complement of our flat roll operations? And we are expecting to have higher shipments from Sinton itself, but I'll leave you to determine what seasonality does to the rest of the group.
Theresa Wagler: And just to address your point on the backlog, if there's any risk that we’d want to point out, there's really not. It's a well-diversified backlog. There's not individual projects that are of too large of a size. And something to just keep in mind as well as once something enters the backlog for the fabrication business, the projects have already been engineered. They generally have already been financed. There's a lot of certainty in that backlog. And if you look on average of the projects that we do, the cost of steel joist and steel jack or steel deck as a part of the entire project itself is only between 10% and 15%. So it's a small piece of that project in and of itself, which also reduces the risk.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, Phil, good afternoon. We talked about it on the second quarter conference call that our expectations were sitting at that point in time was that we would reach EBITDA positive sometime in the fourth quarter. That's likely pushed out sometime in the first quarter rather than the fourth quarter. But definitely, as Mark mentioned, we're seeing a lot of positive changes and there's been some key successes that the teams had just recently in October that we would expect to result in some really good changes heading forward. But I would suggest it's probably closer to in the first quarter versus the fourth.
Theresa Wagler: You're welcome. So we're in the middle of our detailed planning phase related to capital. I'll give some directionality, but we would have more clear and defined expectations for you as we meet in January for the fourth quarter conference call. But right now, the aluminum investments still look like we'll be spending about $750 million in 2023 as it relates to both the recycled shop centers and the rolling mill itself. We also have the completion of the four flat roll lines, which is likely to be around $200 million in 2023. And then we have the biocarbon facility. So I would say just those growth projects alone will probably get us to around $1 billion for capital spending in 2023. And then as we think about the additional projects that we're evaluating right now, I would suggest that it shouldn't be any greater than $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, but we'll have more clarity as we talk to you in January. I'm sorry. Thanks, David. And as it relates to the working capital, as we've had -- as we expect to see some seasonality in volume for customers to reorient their inventories by the end of the year, and as we've seen pricing declines in both scrap and in steel, I would expect to see another pretty significant funding from working capital. So a contribution from working capital in the fourth quarter.
