Mark D. Millett: There certainly continues to be import pressure, Tony. And as I said, imports are continuing to recede. They have sort of almost month-over-month through the year. I think with the one exception, July just popped up a little bit. We do believe the trade cases will further improve that situation, although the timing of that is a little uncertain. I think, Dick can speak to the trade cases in a second, but the timing is kind of extended out to the end of the timeframe. And so, when the impact of that occurs is, I guess, anyone's guess. I do think margin expansion in the fourth quarter is tough, but I think there is certainly a positive pricing environment going into 2016, and with a flat scrap arena I think there is margin expansion certainly in 2016. Whether that occurs or not in the fourth quarter is doubtful.
Mark D. Millett: Well, it is truly difficult to discern whether the issue is underlying demand or just total excess inventory levels. From our perspective, underlying demand still remains in many areas and I won't say is robust and phenomenal but it certainly hasn't deteriorated by any great degree. There is a significant inventory out there. You see that in the recent MSCI data and unfortunately that data doesn't reflect material that is at the port. Obviously, a lot of the material is hot rolled coil and that's where we're seeing the principal softness. The customer base, I think, as I said earlier, is just stalled. They were expecting a price decline here this month. Obviously scrap came off $50 or so and they are essentially waiting sort of stabilization or at least transparency as to where that level ends up. And again, as I said earlier, we believe the scrap market is somewhat bottomed and should be essentially flattish in the weeks ahead, certainly not going up, but sort of soft sideways.
Mark D. Millett: I think, obviously that arena has seen some softness recently. For us, we've seen a little deterioration in our book, energy-related heavy equipment agriculture, but that has been largely offset by the expansion into the lower diameter SBQ. It would have been nice for that expansion to be increasing volume over last year, but in this tough environment it's kind of replacing that and keeping things relatively flat.
Mark D. Millett: And I think it should be pointed out that, again, through-cycle, the future is certainly not like it would be if you look at it on a historical basis. That industry has consolidated dramatically. We have a national footprint there having – sort of restarted three of the CMC assets, we got 34%, 35% market share in joist and there are essentially only three principal players there. And so that will bode well and the future through-cycle earnings are going to be certainly much, much better than the past. On the decking side, market share has been lower and typically you kind of sell a ton of deck for a ton of joist, give or take a little bit, but we've been around that 24% market share percent in deck. Obviously the acquisition of the CSi assets will act as a catalyst to boost that up and we'll get parity, we do believe, quite quickly between joist and deck. So, it's an exciting business. And again, my hats off to the team. They made some decisions several years ago and they build upon that and it's a good platform for us.
Mark D. Millett: I would say, absolutely. I think there is a potential. Again, we got a phenomenally low cost, highly variable cost structure that we can take advantage of. The rationalization should allow greater utilization of other assets that are operating. And also, we still expect imports to continue to come back. So it should be a good market environment for us.
Mark D. Millett: Well, if you look at the principal markets, Timna, obviously a couple of them are pretty stagnant and weak, energy remains slightly poor as is mining, off-road and agriculture. But in other areas, we'd not necessarily assume any great weakness or deterioration. Automotive continues to be strong I think. We have intelligence there through our scrap management programs and relationships, the stampers are still stamping and cars are still being produced. So we don't see anything to get overly concerned about there. Truck, trailer, material handling, it's a peak year for us, but it's – no near-term change over the next quarter. Manufacturing for us is okay. That would be perhaps one area that could be under pressure given the strong dollar, but we're not necessarily seeing that yet ourselves. And we still remain incredibly optimistic on the non-residential construction side of our business. We see it through New Millennium Building Systems for sure. The beam markets are okay, a little under pressure, but again the imports have been picking up there. But from a standpoint of our customers, I spent some time at METALCON last week, which are principally sort of value-add coated and pre-paint customers. The building products folks suggesting that 2015 that they're up 12% year-over-year over 14%, and they see continued strength through 2016. So I wouldn't say I'm doing cartwheels down the hallway, but we're optimistic that things are – they're certainly not deteriorating.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think just at a high level, from a cash allocation perspective, we've positioned ourselves over the past year to make sure that we've got some dry powder and a strong leverage profile to take advantage of, I think, core strength opportunities that are going to befall us over the next 12 months. We expect to maintain the positive dividend profile that we've seen in the past. Obviously, we boosted that 20% early in the year as a reflection of the step-up cash flow generation from Columbus, but we would hope to see that being positive going forward. And we'll continue to repay debt as appropriate to comfortably stay within our 3 times net leverage.
Mark D. Millett: Well, Dick, you may have a different impression, but I would suggest that it's quite a ways out. There's some business in sort of larger transmission type projects out there, but from the standpoint of just basic energy pipe, ERW type line pipe, it's going to be quite a while. We kind of have to come up and the inventory have to dissipate before anything meaningful happens.
Mark D. Millett: Yeah. And not to be redundant, but I think the team needs to be congratulated. We knew we have to diversify that product portfolio when we purchased Columbus about just a year and a week – a year and two weeks. But they've done a phenomenal job in a tough market. It would have been nice for the energy market to have been sustainable for a year-and-a-half whilst we did it. But hey, it is what it is. But to boost our customer base by 94 customers or so and worked incredibly well with our existing customer base to expand exposure there. And to Dick's point, I'm amazed at our automotive team. As we may have mentioned in the past, we've changed our supply – sort of supply chain there and going direct, they got seven or eight very, very capable young men and women there and their penetration of that market is – in such a short time is...
Mark D. Millett: ...is phenomenal. And also the production team down there, we challenged them to push the equipment to go lighter, to go wider on the high-strength, low-alloy grades; getting to the X70 type pipe grades, and they've responded incredibly well. And it's all reflecting in the utilization of that mill in a very, very tough environment. It's a reflection of the record coated shipments production activity that they've been able to accomplish there. So seriously, my hats off to the folks there.
Mark D. Millett: Yeah. I guess, my comment is just marginally in general. There's certainly a flow through of scrap, not quite as steep as we'd like to see it because operating rates aren't maxed out there. But I guess my concern is what is the relative rate of decline of our scrap input cost relative to product pricing, and the product price environment is a little (53:42) right now.
Mark D. Millett: TPA, sorry. So there is a positive stance there. Some of the margins on the duties that we've seen particularly on pipe (57:33) perhaps a little disappointing to some. But given the cost structure, the strength of the dollar, devaluation of the won, devaluation of the ruble, lower oil price, they're starting off at a very low basis. But generally, our impression or our thought belief is that trade cases are going to be positive, varying duties to varying countries, but nonetheless a positive for our industry and imports will recede and we've already seen that. I think the corrosion-resistant license – import licenses...
Mark D. Millett: ...were down. Actually imports were down and then the licenses were down quite dramatically. So they will have an effect. Will that effect be substantial enough to change the market strength to a degree that some of the challenged players can sustain themselves? I think that's an open question. Obviously, folks are looking inwardly to survive and get through this. You're seeing that AK, U.S. is certainly doing some strong things to resolve their woes and that will bring some rationalization at least near term for the next – these plants are not likely to go away, but certainly the volumes are going to come out of the market and generally utilization of our industry will pick up from that. So a combination of lower imports, some rationalization, I think that will reflect in a more positive environment. Will that get us up to utilization near term to 85% or 82% or low 80%s that you really need for material margin expansion? Don't know. Certainly take us in the right direction there.
Mark D. Millett: No, there is no mechanism to allow that to occur. It's the window in which the case was originally filed upon is what the data that's submitted and that's the data you live with. Hindsight is always 20/20, Evan.
Mark D. Millett: John, I would tell you, I think if you look back in history with the exception of the 2000s, we are pretty much back to levels where scrap prices were created and historically going back in the 1900s, last century to put it that way. Dick was looking at me like I'm crazy. Sorry.
Mark D. Millett: 1901. But, again I think the scrap business was a viable business at those levels in the not too distant past. The business itself has just got to readjust itself to the levels of the market that the market is going to last. Does that mean further consolidation or people dropping out of the business, it could. But again the flow and the amount of scrap generated in the United States is relatively stable. And so, that flow whether it comes through OmniSource or it comes through somebody else is likely to be there. So, again I think we just got to look at a new reality in our business and deal with it.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, I can almost start saying, yes, yes, yes and yes, to a whole a lot of those items. But I think there's been of course a general shift from all the end markets. Everybody has, I think taken a breath from levels of inventories that they intended to carry until they have this assurance that there is not going to be another drop. And so, all the end users, the people that the service centers sell to have all decided that there is no concern that they can get what they need in a relatively short period of time and I don't believe it. Very few would be concerned about the just-in-time deliveries. So therefore, the end users, the OEMs and so forth believe that they have confidence in their service center suppliers. The service centers believe that they have confidence in their mill supply and so forth. And even some times the service centers, if they are concerned, they'll buy between themselves and to try to pull their inventories down. And so, it's a matter of all of those inventories at the OEM. And sometimes there is inventories being held like with our SBQ at forgers. There is middle people in the supply chain, that all have to be rationalized. And it's just a matter of a little bit of time. And so, once all of those become, I'll call the new normalized, the service centers will be buying. And I don't think that the spreads – the spreads will become I think more palatable between imports and the domestic mills. And things will get back to ordering once before, someone assured that the scrap price is flattened, as we believe it's going to be and it becomes more palatable to take a position. And so, then the service centers will step up a little more, but nobody is going to until the supply chain – the complete supply chain has pulled down their inventories a little bit more.
Mark D. Millett: Well, like everybody, it's not real long. We're a couple of weeks on our hot band. We're a month and a half, two months. And again we're even longer than that on some of our finished products as we're sold out and we have a backlog sitting in front of our pickle line and Butler, we're shorter than that down in Columbus, because we do have openings there. We're fully sold out. Our hot mill at – number one mill at Columbia City is rolling at a 100% utilization, but our medium section mill there with smaller products is about probably a three-week to a month, but we sell probably about 40% of our total sales there, come out of inventory. Roanoke sells probably 50%, 40% out of rollings and rest out of inventory on bar and merchants, I think that's pretty traditional within that the industry for merchant bar so forth, but – and SBQ is basically all roll to order. And so, I would tell you there it depends on how much bar finishing goes through and bar finishing is sold solid. So I would tell you there is six weeks to two months. So I think we're fine where we are and Steel of West Virginia is basically full, has a little bit of time under one mill, but real full, mill shops are running full.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think it's difficult to quantify. I would suggest that given that the pricing environment or the cost structure environment out there today of the importing countries, we're not going to see this kind of a precipitous drop in imports and sort of a nice exponential hockey stick improvement in pricing. I think I believe that it's going to be slow erosion of imports and a slowly an increasing sort of margin expansion pricing environment. But to quantify – to put dollars on it, I don't think we're that good.
Mark D. Millett: Well, just for those that are remaining on the call, thank you for your support. We diligently try and do our best each and every day. Many of us are shareholders, in fact, all our employees are shareholders in one way or another and we will strive to create value each and every day. And to any customers on the call certainly appreciate your support and we will continue to track diligently for you. And to all our employees, thank you each and every one of you for phenomenal job this past quarter, this past year and we all emphasize, be safe each and every minute that you're right there. Thanks folks, have a great day.
Richard P. Teets: All I could add is that, looking at the license data for August and September, there is a couple of bad actors that sort of are thrusting a few of their extra tons this way, but quite a few of the countries have been moderating their tons. And so, the slope of the imports have been decreasing through the second quarter and third quarters. So, I think the trade cases are getting the traders' attention, even though preliminary determinations have been pushed off into the December timeframe. I do believe that overall, things are improving in the marketplace. So, they will begin to make some difference not necessarily whole lot in the fourth quarter but rolling into 2016.
Richard P. Teets: Yeah. But we have a bottleneck. I mean, we are backlogged through our pickle line and we're looking forward to the startup of our second pickle line at the beginning of 2016. And so therefore, we couldn't put anything through. We're running at over 98% in total utilization through our complete cold mill complex at Butler. And so therefore, the only thing that was not running full was the hot metal.
Richard P. Teets: That's right. Again, the Columbus mill, as you just pointed out though, we ran the hot mill at about 83%, 84% utilization. So the tonnage isn't bad. Need to say the sales prices on where we want it, but the ton has been okay. A lot of that had to do with the increase in number of customers you pointed out, the 90-plus new customers, most of them were trying to direct forwards through the cold mill and the galvanizing line and so forth. We're doing quite well with new automotive enquiries and so forth and we've gotten some new platform work already for 2016. We've received another automotive company platform work last week. I'm very pleased with that. That doesn't necessarily translate to shipment for the fourth quarter of this year, but we continue to be awarded work for next year. But we're going to continue to try to move work through the galvanizing lines through value-add and so forth. But as you pointed out, there is not a rebound in the energy sector yet and those hot band tons that we are producing, what we really want to do is increase the value. We made shipments of X70, and so I think we're the first mini mill to successfully supply X70 grade line pipe substrate to the market, and we're extremely pleased with the efforts by the whole team down at Columbus on that success. And we look forward for their continued supply of that and development of additional grade. So we're working hard down there.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think really all the delays are due to the fact that I think there is about 135 cases between countervailing and dumping that have been filed since June, and it's just a massive amount of data that's being collected from everybody and it's an overloaded situation. So everything has been pushed back to basically the latest dates available to them for making their preliminary determination. So when we had filed, we knew the earliest dates and we knew the final dates and I think just about everything pointed towards the later dates being the timeframes in which to expect results. So I don't think anyone is really surprised. And I do believe mostly the traders expected it too and hence why in some of the higher levels of imports coming in from some of the countries that are still being maintained, because they expected not to be caught at this time with the shipments coming because they knew that trade cases determination is going to occur until the later dates, or they were quite sure of that.
Richard P. Teets: No. No, no, no. Only if there was a – only critical circumstances would be determined and that hasn't been determined in any cases. So they only are as of the point of the date of the determination normally.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yeah. Tony, I would just add if you – where the weakness was with, I'd only (29:00) reiterate what Dick said, it was really in the hot band. If you look at the value-added line, they operated at basically the same levels that they operated in the second quarter, and second quarter actually Butler operate at over 100% capacity...
Theresa E. Wagler: So, Brian, as we've said, I guess, probably the last three quarters in a row, because each quarter has been a record quarter, we're trying to help you with rationalizing that number because, to your point, we're actually operating at what we'd consider record spreads today and that's been the – Fabrication has been a beneficiary of rapidly decreasing scrap – or steel prices. As that moderates, they're actually now bidding on jobs that don't have kind of real steel prices with real products pricing as well, which they're starting to get some pressure on that side of the equation. So, yes, the third quarter probably shouldn't be what you use for a through-cycle margin for Fabrication. I believe the operating income per ton for them, which is kind of how we looked at it in the third quarter was $285, EBITDA per ton was actually I think like $308 per ton. That would suggest that's very much on the high side of the equation and numbers that we've not seen here Q4. But for that to be in the $200 range probably on an operating income per ton isn't something that is unfathomable for a through-cycle type number.
Theresa E. Wagler: Aldo, we purposely try not to get into that granularity by products for obvious reasons on the average selling price perspective. I'll tell you that it is mix related. As you will notice, when we talked about it for – Butler is a great example as their hot band actually decreased, the mix shifted much higher to the value-add side, which actually impacted their average selling price very positively. And you just saw that shift throughout the product chain for us in the steel perspective. We feel that that is pretty sensitive commercial information, so it's hard for us to share that. I apologize.
Theresa E. Wagler: From a maintenance perspective overall our business, we tend to look at it as about a $120 million for the year. And with paint line addition which is a $100 million that gets you to about $220 million. So, the bottom range is $250 million, so that would be like $30 million worth of additional type items top ranges is $300 million. If we were to get that top range of $300 million, that's going to be a margin enhancing, productivity enhancing, efficiency enhancing in other words, it will be higher return type investments, it will not be additional maintenance expense – expenditure, sorry.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, actually the finalization of our capital plan doesn't take place until November, so that was just a real high level preliminary number, because they know everyone wants to see that going into trying the model 2016, as we get to the first quarter call, we'll have that refined, but yes, there are numerous projects that are on the table and everyone is buying for theirs to be able to be approved.
