Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. And as always, we appreciate and value your time with us this morning. Record results are of no importance if our teams did not remain safe. So before beginning this morning, I want to pause for a moment to acknowledge a recent workplace fatality that occurred at our Heartland Flat Roll division. We are deeply saddened, our thoughts and prayers reside with his family and friends. The reason I always begin our calls with a topic of safety is because it can never be overemphasized. Safety is our #1 value and first priority. Nothing is more important than sustaining a safe environment for our employees. We must all be continuously aware of our surroundings and our team members. We must actively think about safety at all times, keeping it top of mind, an active conversation. Simply, safety comes before everything. And with this backdrop, it's difficult to celebrate an otherwise phenomenal performance. But we're here this morning to share what the team accomplished in the first quarter and to congratulate them. Their record performance this quarter was another extraordinary achievement driven by the commitment, innovation and passion of our people, executing on our long-term strategies of diversified value-adding growth. I thank the whole team, the entire team for your dedication to excellence in every pursuit. We're committed to operating our business in an environmentally responsible manner and have been since our founding. We have always been and continue to be a leader in production of sustainable low-carbon emission steel products. We encourage the use of new technologies and processes to reduce our impact on the environment, including a strategic focus on carbon emissions mitigation with a goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. Our sustainability strategy is an ongoing journey. We are starting from a leadership position within the industry and plan to stay there by doing even more. But before I continue with more market commentary, Theresa will share insights into our performance.
Mark Millett: Well, IDI is consistently running at about a 260,000 ton rate as we speak. It's been very, very consistent for many years now. And after the original pioneering efforts or challenges that we had many, many years ago, is an absolutely solid, solid, solid technology for us. And again, as I mentioned, virtually all our pig iron needs that Butler is captive from that facility.
Mark Millett: And just to add, if you look at it from a global perspective, obviously, energy prices in other parts of the world have appreciated far greater than the U.S., along with other commodity pricing issues. And so the actual global cost curve has risen and should support pricing further. And obviously, given our low-cost position advantages Steel Dynamics.
Mark Millett: Several points, somewhat collected maybe. But firstly, demand is at historic highs. If you follow the American Joist Institute numbers, it's at peak, peak levels for sure. And it is driven largely by the change in retail, going online retail distribution houses along with the data centers. So that arena is truly pushing massive demand. Secondly, I think it needs to be recognized that the industry since prior peaks has changed dramatically. It's a rationalized, consolidated industry today. And that allows -- it's just a change dynamic that allows us to have, I think, greater pricing strength. And as a realization today, the value of the product is a lot higher than people would suggest in past history, that product is going to sell at higher levels going forward no matter where we are in the cycle.
Mark Millett: Well, firstly, on the pig iron opportunities I prefer not to go into that. Just suffice it to say that we have plans. Relative to -- and I apologize, I didn't necessarily hear all the first question.
Mark Millett: Well, obviously, the unimaginable human tragedy of U.K. -- of Ukraine, sorry, should be at the forefront of everyone's mind but the consequences of that on our industry has obviously been massive and I think just on commodities in general, all commodities. If you look at pig iron, the typical global trade is around about 12 million tons merchant trade, roughly 7 million, maybe 8 million tons of that were originating from Russia and Ukrainian mills. So there's been a big chunk of availability or supply taken out. We -- I can't speak really for other metals but I think they followed suit that we scrambled as an industry to cover our needs for the rest of the year into 2023 from other sources, we were very, very successful in procuring material from Brazil and from India in particular and at the same time, changing our sort of operations and process to lower the need or the requirement of that pig iron. So typically, where a mill is around about 22% pig iron input, our mills today are running around about 14%. So in combination, that's got us into 2023 from an uninterrupted supply. Consequence of all that, though, obviously, pushed pig iron pricing up, it peaked at around about $1,100 a ton. And that drew particularly if we prime scrap up with it, prime scrap today is around $75-ish I guess. Pig iron there is turned over. Transactions are in the kind of the very low $900 range today. And we foresee that pressuring scrap pricing down, at least sideways but more likely pressuring it down going forward into the summer. On the flip side, on the obsolete side, when you have pricing at these levels. And as Theresa suggested, there's a record spread between obsolete shred grades to prime of around about $170 a ton. Historically, that was only about $40 a ton. So at these trading levels, everyone is out there with their pickup trucks picking up old cars and old refrigerators. And so the obsolete stream is considerable today. Flow is very, very, very high and we feel that is going to pressure scrap pricing over the next few months as well.
Mark Millett: Sure. Absolutely. And I would say and just to emphasize the progress at Sinton is remarkable. The reduced volume and I think we gave that in our January call was still a little higher than that. And that was before the hot side of the caster and the caster that was delayed. Just to start up itself. But since then, the mill is running extremely well as we commission all the different sort of bells and whistles and commission our capabilities. So we've already been at 84.6 inch width coil. We've already been down to 0.60 on high-strength low alloy grades -- and the hot band itself is -- it was described to me this morning as from our customers as beautiful. So I think it's going well, to be honest and confident that we will exceed that 1.5 million tons in all honesty, we're just being conservative perhaps. I would say, that we just had our national sales, flat roll sales, meaning at Sinton for the last two weeks -- last two days, sorry. And the tenor there is that the customer interest is absolutely off the charts. As I said, it's such an underserved marketplace today and the product differentiation of that facility is going to be insane. And the fact that we have the selling facilities, four of which are already operating will be a massive sort of pull-through sort of volume for that facility. So we couldn't be -- to be honest, we couldn't be happier. Yes, what could...
Mark Millett: Last December. Yes. But the good side and I think it was -- I can't remember which one have you suggested but a slow ramp isn't all that bad from a supply-demand dynamic right now anyway. And we -- if you consider our ramp-up is going to be solid through the rest of this year and we went to 24, five operation, just this Monday. Up into that point, we would just commissioning sort of 12 hours a day on days. Galvalume steel, obviously, is not ramping up yet and delta is not. So net-net, it's a good thing.
Mark Millett: The cost of entry from an asset perspective is not massive. As we've seen or as we described in our last call, we substantially increased productivity and volume capability from our facilities there with almost no capital expense because simply, it's people alliance more than actual capital asset. The engineering of that product is intense to engineer cost effectively is a -- it's proprietary kind of intellectual sort of evolution of many, many, many years. For someone who jumped in fresh nothing is impossible. There's absolutely no way they could emulate our productivity and our efficiency and they wouldn't be able to penetrate in my mind, the marketplace.
Mark Millett: One last thing I would add also is to create the cultural -- the culture for those facilities is absolutely phenomenal. Team does incredibly well. And if you were to visit a joist plant, it's almost a choreography of action and activity and it's very, very difficult to replicate.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess the on-campus sort of development is firstly evolved much quicker than we anticipated. It's been absolutely incredible to see the faith of our customer base and coming to and investing in our sort of dream down there. And secondly, as I said, when I say intentional, we wanted to make sure is that we differentiated our supply chains. And each of those on-site customers per se are in a different field. So we have everything covered from automotive to light-gauge coated to heavy gauge plate cuts and everything. We have a pipe producer there and we have a couple of pipe producers there actually. So it's a good spread, a good array of activity to support our supply chain to customers. And obviously, it's a huge benefit to them. We're able to firstly deliver that material to them free of charge. It's just 200 -- well, not smaller than 200 yards. It's a big site. But a mile down the track, we can deliver it very, very effectively at low cost. If you see and stand beside one of our coils there, it is absolutely remarkable, the difference in size between a 22-ton coil and a 52-ton coil. That's giving those customers massive operational benefits, yield benefits. And so that's a plot. And it also, obviously, just the elimination of that first freight is $25, $30, $35 a ton savings in the supply chain. So we see it as a very, very effective solution. It's going to allow us to penetrate markets much, much quicker.
Mark Millett: We currently are purchasing, procuring DRI -- well, not DRI, HBI and have been for many years. For us, it tends to be what we call a value and use kind of economic calculation if it makes financial sense to put it in the mix, then we will buy it. HBI tends to be an inferior product for the electric arc furnace. It's slows productivity there. It's low yield increases energy consumption. So it's never a preferred material. But at the right price, it makes sense. And so we do have a small but kind of steady diet to keep in line with that supply chain. Our furnace is actually at Sinton and we're converting Columbus to sort of in-line charging which allows higher volumes of HBI to be added to the furnace if need be.
Mark Millett: Well, again, we certainly appreciate your time. And hopefully and I see some are just recognizing the strength of our business model, the vertical integration, the downstream supply chain solutions that we have, the diversified value-add mix that we have and now Sinton coming online and another four lines soon thereafter. But we truly, in my humble opinion, we and the team has truly transformed this company over the last five, six years. We're a different company today. We're not just a steel company. And I see that some of you are recognizing that and I think with time. And as my mom always used to say, proof is in the pudding. Well, we're making the pudding, we're proving it and I can't be prouder of the team. They're a phenomenal team. I ask them to be safe each and every day and looking after each other. Thank you for the customers, for your faith and support and for our vendors, particularly the vendors that have gone far and beyond the call of duty, so to speak, in putting Sinton together. They've done a phenomenal job. So thank you. and thank you to our shareholders who support us. So with that said, thank you and have a safe and wonderful day.
Theresa Wagler: Emily, one way to look at it from the shift that Mark talked about from going to -- from prime scrap to an upgraded type of obsolete scrap all the way from 65% to 40%. So if that were able to be accomplished with Columbus, Sinton and Butler, if you just make high-level assumptions that generally we would use approximately 20% of pig iron. And then the rest would be more geared toward that prime scrap. If you think about that from a volume perspective, it could be as much as 1.5 million to 2 million tons shifting from prime scrap to higher grade. So if you apply any spread to that. Today, I think Mark mentioned it's like around $170 per ton which is higher than normal. Even if it's $100, $150 per ton, that could be a significant change once -- if all three mills are fully operational.
Theresa Wagler: Just as a reminder, from a natural gas perspective, for electric arc furnaces for Steel Dynamics specifically, it isn't a huge part of the cost structure. It ends up being somewhere around 2% or 3% of the cost of manufacturing of steel products. But obviously, there's impact. We're likely to see increasing prices across the spectrum from a natural gas perspective but nothing that we believe is necessarily significantly impractical. And from a power perspective across the spectrum, we're operating in all different grades. And so it's very different. In some areas, we're in the open market and others, we actually have contracts in place. So there should be some escalating prices but nothing that we think will be material at this point.
Theresa Wagler: Good morning, David. Just a couple of other points to add to what Mark described. So if you're looking at a backlog for the fabrication business versus the steel business, it's very different. So once a project enters the backlog in our fabrication business, the entire project has been highly engineered and is part of a bigger construction project overall. And if you look at the steel costs that are involved in these large projects that we're participating in, it's really not a large percentage of the entire project. So the customer base, if you will, is not as sensitive to steel pricing as one would think. I mean I think you saw that in the first quarter where even though flat rolled steel prices had a couple of months of weakening that didn't change at all what we were putting in the order backlog at our fabrication business. And so that's one thing. The second thing is because our backlog is out much longer than it typically is, we typically would see a backlog of maybe four to six months. Now it's out and that would be a very good backlog. I mean now we're out into -- well into 2023. And so we changed some of the contract terms as well to try to ensure there's more security and what I would say is more visibility and certainty around the backlog. So we believe that we have a great deal of visibility. We know where we're pricing today and Mark mentioned in his notes that, that forward pricing is higher than what we even realized at this point in time. And that's why I had the confidence in my notes to say that we expect earnings from the fabrication business to continue to increase throughout 2022. And so, I'm not sure if there's no specific you asked about pass-throughs of costs, specific surcharges, etcetera, like you might see in some of the steel businesses in fabrication. But all of that, once it hits the backlog, it's already guaranteed from a price perspective. So I'll just pause on that and see if Mark and I have addressed your question.
Theresa Wagler: Sure, David. I would tell you that -- and I can't answer you specifically at this point but what I would tell you is that it's certainly not what the last five years were because Mark pointed to some structural changes within the industry itself from consolidation and other avenues as well as the construction market itself and what it's doing. So there has been some structural change which I think will make that normalized earnings moving forward are higher than we've seen historically as well as what we've done internally. The fabrication team has really done an incredible job. And I know that you've been to some of our operations and we're looking to further automate and to do some really exciting things in the future as well. But also not what we're experiencing today from a normalized level. There are some specific things that happened and with extended steel prices with a very strong construction market, we think that market will continue. I mean specific to there's a large concentration in warehouses at this point. but we will do our best in the future to try to give you a little better idea of what normalized might look like.
Theresa Wagler: So from a fairs perspective, the shipments were down in the first quarter. It wasn't structural per se. It had to do with where raw material inventories were at the end of the year, heading into the first quarter. There were some mill outages during the first quarter as well. Heading forward is when traditionally, you're going to see seasonality kick in and based on where we see steel demand and how that translates then into raw material demand as well, we would expect to see increasing volumes second and third quarter for mill recycling.
Theresa Wagler: Just to add to what Mark is saying, if you think about it, you have to have the architecture and the firms the customers are willing to design at some extent, for your products, etcetera. So it's not something that someone can just get involved and have all the constituents know you right off the bat, Mark said that incredibly well.
Theresa Wagler: That was very short response. From the perspective of guidance for CapEx for this year, we're still tracking around $750 million and your question was specific to Sinton. And specific to it, we don't expect anything of significance for digital CapEx related to the delays, there was additional expense which you saw flow through the first quarter already due to the delay in just manpower and maintenance of things associated with that delay but not from a capital perspective. So for Sinton we're still at that $2 billion mark which honestly is incredible, given what the teams have gone through for them to be able to maintain their budget while being able to make it through COVID and whatnot and everything else. So we're not expecting anything for the rest of the year in addition from a Sinton perspective for capital.
Theresa Wagler: And Curt, in addition to what Mark said and we're getting a lot of excitement from this from customers of those customers that are on site is that it removes a considerable amount as the greenhouse gas is associated with delivery and movement of material and we'll be able to take their scrap as well. So it's almost a perfect closed-loop environment that heretofore really hasn't been available. So it will be interesting to see how that develops from a marketing perspective as well.
Theresa Wagler: Fairly fast. From the second, working capital. One big draw which I'll just reiterate, even though I had it in my opening comments is that we do pay our company-wide profit sharing in March of every year -- the following year. So there was a $360 million payment to the profit sharing which we're fairly excited to be able to provide that for the retirement of our teams. It's based, as you know, on 8% of pretax earnings. And -- so that was a big part of the lever. The other piece of it really related to fabrication and customer account values and volumes. And it was really less to do with inventory. So inventory was fairly flat. Specifically as it relates to Sinton, Sinton isn't in a building working capital mode. So it increases working capital in the first quarter, somewhere around $150 million to $200 million. You'll see that continue. It might be another $100 million to $150 million in the second quarter and third quarter combined. And then we should really be reaching that capacity point outside of any big movements in inventory valuation itself or in customer evaluations themselves for Sinton. From a consolidated perspective, moving throughout the year, again, we're heading into a seasonally strong environment, second and third quarter. I don't -- you're not going to see as big of a build as we saw in the first quarter because you don't have the same movement in payables and accruals. So I would say it's going to be muted, then likely you'll see some working capital give back in third and fourth quarter.
Seth Rosenfeld: I have two follow-ups, please with regards to the raw material strategy. First, thanks for the color on your efforts to cut your reliance on prime scrap and pig iron. Can you just talk a bit more about those markets and the outlook into spring, so you had a huge squeeze in March. Are you now seeing any signs of some softening of those markets as availability improves? And a follow-up, please, you commented quickly in your prepared remarks with regards to some interest in becoming more self-sufficient for pig iron. What might that include? Is it going to be organic or inorganic in nature. I'll stop there, please.
Seth Rosenfeld: If I can have just one follow-up, please. Within your recycling business noticed that the fair shipments were down year-over-year quite considerably. Can you touch on what's driving that decrease and how you'd expect it to transpire into Q2.
Seth Rosenfeld: Just one more with regards to working capital, please. Obviously, very significant investments in Q1 weighing on free cash flow. Can you give a bit more color on the split, perhaps, how much of that was tied to strength in steel prices and volumes versus growth in raw materials inventories, perhaps there was a need to build particularly elevated inventories of raw mats given supply chain disruption. And then, looking forward into Q2 or into the back half what should we think about the sequencing of working capital investment potential release as Sinton begins to then ramp up.
