Mark D. Millett: Certainly. The -- our mining resources effort is a partnership directly with Magnetation, Inc. The AK partnership is with -- is a separate entity called Magnetation LLC. That's a little bit -- they're totally separate. We have -- we anticipate that Larry would have further future relationships up on the range to expand this capability. So we, in our agreement, have defined a line, which runs north and south through Hibbing, and we have all the reserves east, or have the capability of accessing all the reserves east of that north-south line of Magnetation. AK and others have the west. So we feel that we have sufficient reserves easily for 15 to 20 years of operation of tailings plus [indiscernible] our other sources. Reserves are intact, and we're separate, again, no relationship between AK and our own project. But nonetheless, the Magnetation mining resources will effectively bridge the company's own concentrated requirements till such time as our own mining operation is in production. Rather, given that mining resources will start up later in the year of 2012 and will provide only a limited amount of material during the year, Mesabi Nugget will rely mostly on its current lower-priced inventory and continued supply of market-price concentrate. Going forward, in the future, we will be commenting on the financial performance of the Minnesota operations on a combined basis, since the impact of SDI for these 3 projects, namely, Mesabi Nugget, Mesabi Mining and Mining Resources, are all intrinsically linked. Now assuming the Mesabi Nugget plant operates at 75% capacity next year, produce about 382,000 metric tons of shipments at an average transfer price of about $526 per metric ton, our expectations for 2012 were pre-tax $30 million loss on a combined basis as compared to the expected $50 million loss in 2011. This should yield a cash loss of approximately $15 million in 2012 as compared to approximately $35 million for 2011.  To just paint a picture looking forward, Mesabi Nugget operating at its designed production capacity of 500,000 metric tons, and our recent past experiences, we're still confident that we can achieve that in time, but that 500,000 metric tons with a captive concentrate costs of $50 per ton and iron -- pig iron market yielding a transfer price of $560 a ton -- per metric ton, we believe the combined Minnesota operations could be expected to yield a collective pretax net income of $40 million to $50 million a year. So hopefully, that kind of gives a lot of color of where we are and where we're going.
Mark D. Millett: No, I see the same way. I think there seems to be just a general malaise out there, a fear on everyone's part from spending anything from a CapEx standpoint or from any sort of inventory build. Probably, it's just going to be so-so for the next 2 or 3 months.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Mark, as we discussed in the past, the principal issues today have been actual mechanical. Just keeping the plant in operation, operating sort of day and night, every hour of the day. Early on, it was conveying systems. We tore those down, put a second set in. They demonstrate the availability that we require, and so we've now gone back through and put redundant systems in virtually all the conveying systems. The discharge system between the rotary hearth and the cooler, again, these are water-cooled components. And just that they're wearing -- excessively leaking. So it's a valve to cool and plan [ph] issues and also refractory, and the rotary hearth. We've been going through a learning curve. Just as I suggested, aerodynamics. Early on its career, we were going through refractory linings every 2 months. Dave, the team have done a phenomenal job bringing the availability of that facility up and this last lining has served us well for over 2 years. So these are the more pioneering efforts or issues related to the pioneering efforts. From a process standpoint, I would suggest that the -- probably, the single remaining item other than just tweaking and optimizing yield is controlling the, what we call, the hotbed and making sure that we can consistently lay down a single layer of pellets, produce nugget without any scale build-ups and those sorts of things. And again, however the issues we have with the rotary hearth furnace aerodynamics, we had similar issues there. And with time, with tweaking fluxes and temperatures and hotbed materials that will be overcome, I do believe. But we've got to get the plant running on a very consistent basis, and then those sorts of mechanical tweaks and process tweaks can be made.
Mark D. Millett: We're probably about $20 a ton more than we thought we were going to be. So there's no appreciable difference. The principal drivers of the financial performance have been concentrate cost, coal and the transfer price.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. I think there are 2 things that benefited us from the past, where we've never really been presented with a situation that we just flat out get out of the market. One is the diversification of our portfolio mix as Dick said earlier. We're into painted, into galvanized. We don't have to chase the hot band market then into the gutter. And number two, our efficiency and being the lowest cost producer, we've got a lot more flexibility than perhaps our peers in the marketplace and still maintain a margin.
Keith E. Busse: That's a good job, Mark. You provided I think the right color, not only now, but into the foreseeable future. Thank you.
Keith E. Busse: Thank you, Theresa. Dick, just to note again, congratulations to you and your team relative to getting that pig line up and running in 6 weeks. That's an amazing feat for something that was estimated to take us 3 months. So kudos to the team. It's that kind of spirit, that's the reason why we had the cash bonus we have. Our people continue to find ways to be more productive and find ways to cut costs on a continuing basis. We're tremendously proud of everyone that works for this corporation, and thus, the reason for the reward.  Catherine, I think it's time for the Q&A.
Keith E. Busse: [indiscernible] the same way. I think what slight improvement in demand we've had has played a major role in absorbing some of that new capacity. Every now and then, you hear about some wild export deal and a wild number, but generally speaking, I think pricing is, as I said, backed up but kind of hit a new bottom. It's kind of steady right now. But I don't know what the catalyst is going to be to drive it forward is the problem.
Keith E. Busse: I don't think scrap has really been all that linked to flat-rolled. Flat-rolled backed up sharply, as you can see, and scrap didn't back up at all. So there was -- wasn't a lot of linkage there. There still certainly is linkage in the Bar Product side of our world, a very direct linkage, but the movement sometimes have been so small that the producers have not chosen to even modify the current price that exists in the market one direction or the other. But I would tell you, certainly, they're still linked on that side of the street. On the flat-rolled side of the street, like I said, prices went down sharply, and resource cost did not follow it. Prices have rebounded somewhat, and resource costs have remained fairly steady. So I don't know that there is -- is it linked to some degree? Of course. Because that signals the level of real demand that's out there in time. And when real demand triggers, price of resources are going down or when real demand surges -- materially surges, price of resources will go up. So there is that kind of linkage, but given the movements we've seen recently, I would tell you rather unlinked.
Keith E. Busse: I don't think they're going anywhere. I'd like to tell you price is going to go up $50, $60 a ton. But like I said, I'm not sure what the catalyst is going to be for that at this point in time. Obviously, unemployment coming down, GDP growth going to 3% and remaining steady would certainly be that kind of a catalyst. You're cleaning up some of their problems, us untying the political knot that exists out there, the games that are played. We have a lot of -- we've had a lot of dialogue over time about currency. And the linkage of the dollar to the yuan and the manipulation that's existed there. And I think, we always end up, how things gets [ph] in the way, we want to tie legislation to some other piece of irrelevant legislation, but the Senate was willing to act. And I know a lot of freshmen House members, who would like to act too. But we've got some leadership in the House that's I think blocking movement in that regard, and I think it's pure politics. Because when you look at the reality of the situation, a movement on currency taking a stand against China in a meaningful way I think would materially drive in time, wouldn't be immediate, but in time, would materially drive GDP growth in this country and jobs in this country. But we're playing politics with them right now. So we've got some roadblocks out there politically that's kind of frozen the economy. I mean, it's surprising to me that it is growing to the extent that it is given the kind of stalemate that exists on the hill.
Keith E. Busse: Yes. And my thoughts that the quarter is going to be a look-alike are certainly very premature, but it's not going to materially change one direction or another. That's just an opinion at this point in time rather than a studied fact. We've looked at it, modeled it early on. But when you have backlogs that only go out 2 or 3 weeks, you really have a very limited opportunity to give a conclusive opinion in that regard.
Keith E. Busse: The capitalization was about $100 million. $90 million -- there was 4 partners at $20 million and with me at $10 million. I think it was about $90 million, somewhere in that area.
Keith E. Busse: Well, broke ground. We broke ground and started running the mill in about 14 months, which I think was a new world record for a capital project of that magnitude. And from January of 1996, when we started producing, we believe we became profitable sometime in mid-June, if you can figure it out on a detailed basis. We're definitely profitable in July. We lost money in May and lost a lot less. So somewhere in June of 1996 we turned to profit.
Keith E. Busse: I think we've been a fairly transparent group in terms of providing information to you and others. We're not guarded about things as some are, but we've got a great team. I'll tell you the succession planning exercise yielded a lot of knowledge about the future capable leadership of the company that's below my level, Mark's level and Dick's level. It was a good exercise. And certainly, I believe this is going to be a seamless transition. Dick and Mark and I have -- we're original partners on this. And Dick, as you know, is staying. He's not going anywhere, a little bit younger than I am, and I actually am looking forward to my involvement with the company but with fewer hours. A lot of people probably retire and have real regrets about retiring, but I don't see it as retiring. This is my family. These are my partners, and I will never view it as that, and happy to continue to provide consulting services and board services to the company. So it's been a great adventure in life, and I have nothing but high regard for the new structure that we put in place. Company's in incredibly capable hands.
Keith E. Busse: Yes. The backlogs are so darn short and a material component of our business that it is tough to forecast. But at that point in time, we had 3 bid weeks of order entry where the price was moving up. And after 3 big weeks of order entry, guess what, we had 3 small weeks of order entry, and everybody was out there discounting again and prices were moving south. So the momentum we all felt disappeared almost overnight, which is a frustrating environment to be in, but that's nonetheless it's the real world in which we live, and we react to it and move forward. One thing this company is capable of doing is turning on a dime, reacting very quickly to both positive and negative forces that influence us. And -- but you have -- the world changed in a short period of time again. I will give you that.
Keith E. Busse: A lot of that were Europe-related. I mean, there were all kinds of things going on in the markets. The markets were collapsing, and everybody took a look at their investment portfolio at the end of September, although they might have had a smiley face in July or August, all of a sudden, they had a gigantic frown. People walked in my office and said, "Jeez, I had $120,000 there, and now I've only got $78,000." I mean, total -- it depends on what you've invested in, of course. But I mean, it got ugly there for a while.
Keith E. Busse: Well, I can't tell you with any great certainty, Brett, given what we -- the discussion we just had with Michelle on how fastly the world changed that it won't. But I would be willing to bet a lot of money that if we have that kind of material collapse, the resources are going to follow it this time, and I don't think margins are going to be -- they'll be impacted, of course, but I don't think dramatically impacted.
Keith E. Busse: We would, collectively, I think I can speak for the Board, like to see an economic climate in which GDP is at 2.5%, 3%, 3.5%, and there's consistent growth. Even though I think the team did a phenomenal job, and they did -- the Board was, I would tell you, pretty impressed with the project. And probably if we were to ask them to pull the trigger at that moment in time, they might have. But when they asked me directly, Keith, would you do it at this moment in time even though I was one of the proponents of that growth project, the answer was a "not." Now there's 2 schools of thought there. By the time we get the mill built, hopefully, we'll be at a better economic climate and, therefore, it would've made sense to pull the trigger. And maybe we should have went forward with it. I think clearly the team did its job from a market perspective bringing a broad -- or allowing the company to participate in a broader array of the flat-rolled arena. Clearly, the CapEx that we articulated, the Board believed would have been realized. The bottom line was as good of any investment we were looking at currently. And I think there was good support for it, but at that moment in time, the industry is backing up slightly. Capacity was shrinking again. It wasn't growing. We'd like to see a sign where capacity is moving up steadily along with GDP, and with that some confidence that we're going to have an extended, if you will, period of good economic conditions, that one that could be forecast I guess. And so the answer is we're not in that big of a hurry. We're not completely done with engineering. We're not completely done with site selection subjects. So I can't tell you whether we'll pull the trigger in 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, but I think the project, I would just tell you, is very much alive, awaiting better economic circumstances to introduce it in.
Keith E. Busse: Yes, I do. I think, as I said earlier, to do black beauty over the course of a couple of years, I think it can finance itself out of cash and earnings essentially and not even impact the revolver 2 or 3 years from now, which would mean debt would remain unchanged, which would mean you'd have to refinance the $700 million in some form. With that project currently on hold, that could be a timing issue there, where we -- who knows, we might -- we have a wide range of options, as Theresa said, anywhere from the capital markets and the bond market specifically to Term A type loans, which we can repay to accumulate enough cash between now and then to retire and retire some debt. I don't think we have a specific strategy necessarily to bring the debt down sharply, but the consequences of where we're at, where the economy is at, may well yield an opportunity to retire some of that debt, if not all of it, and improve the balance sheet. So we're just continually looking at our options. We have not reached a firm conclusion as to which trail to travel down.
Keith E. Busse: I would tell you there's not a huge fight going on right now. There's some discounting domestically. Probably more importantly, there's been some domestic offers abroad at cheaper pricing but not for delivery into this market. But obviously, there's been some "protect my market share" pricing going on or it wouldn't have drifted backwards $20, $30, $40. So yes, people are, to some degree, protecting their share. But I would say it's not been an overly aggressive environment at this point in time. And you always hear about a deal here, a deal there. That's not the preponderance of the market. But that's always what's put on your plate. That's always what they want you to be, is that one exceptional deal out there, and it's 1 out of 10,000.
Keith E. Busse: I think that's true, but the Feds at the same time are writing herd on the banks to a greater degree today so that we don't have more failures than they did back in '06, '07 and '08. So the Feds are looking at banking activities and making sure that the lending policies are properly secured.
Keith E. Busse: We're in the process of weaving through them right now as we prepare our final budget plan for the board for next year.
Keith E. Busse: I think from a bar products perspective, the pricing has got to be fairly stable for almost an entire product field. When it comes to Flat Rolled, prices are going to be down slightly perhaps, but resource costs are down slightly as well. And slightly, I think, is the right answer.
Keith E. Busse: I'm not expecting to see prices materially fall in the fourth quarter. They will, I believe on average, in steel, fall somewhat over the third quarter certainly, but I think scrap has moved a little bit in favor as have virgin resources, which Mark commented on earlier. The price in barrel will be down as well slightly. Therefore, there should not be a huge impact or any impact in margin.
Keith E. Busse: We can't see what other mills are doing. Our inventories at the mills are down. Our finished goods are up a little, but our scrap is down considerably over where it was. I can't comment on the other fellow. But reminder that service center inventories, if they tell you they've got too much supply, one month of that is obsolete and slow moving. Therefore, the supply on hand really is not very long, and they tend to buy at spotty patterns. And as that becomes compromised, they buy a little more and as they build it beyond 1 month to 1.5, they buy a little less. There's almost seems to be a pattern of buying out there. And we'll see whether or not that cycle is broken when we get into later October and November, where I think order entry will be a little stronger than it's been in the last 3 weeks.
Keith E. Busse: I just -- the excitement and certain parties voiced about, "Boy, our business is good right now," and "that business is coming your way" kind of comments.
Keith E. Busse: These are just conversations we have with our field sales force. They're all just made because it fell down $20, $30. But then they -- that's where they currently are. They're getting orders again. It's a confidence that they don't have to discount any further to get the orders. That could change next week. I mean, we have been in a rather fragile environment.
Keith E. Busse: You heard Mark comment -- interesting where we are today. You heard Mark comment earlier on transfer price of nugget material at $506 in a bundle, bushel markets in that same range. I want to tell you I hope we could produce all the damn nuggets we can produce, because if I'm a buyer, I'm buying nuggets, not buying scrap. Because they're sitting around on top of one another, there's much better value in the nugget.
Keith E. Busse: Yes. I think the other thing relative to building a second facility, which would be a desirable thing to do, is make sure that the forecast that Mark ran through with everybody when he gave you more color on where we are and where we're getting to and the time it was we're going to make $40 million, $50 million, we have to begin to realize that on a consistent basis to make that decision.
Keith E. Busse: Times would have helped. I think more than anything, Mark, those are real things. But we had a solid stock of material. It might have been higher and the price might be a little lower. But had we got the tons out that we had anticipated for one 4-week stretch, we might have got there. But we focused on continually improving the process, so that we're not stopping all the time to fix something. And I think now we're facing a point where the concentrate costs going forward are going to make a material difference and we do need the volume.
Keith E. Busse: Well, we still have a fair-sized profit per ton in there, so we're a long way away from that. But I don't think we're in danger of having to make a decision like that because I think resource costs would follow it. So I don't see us not being active in the market. But obviously, you could paint a scenario where resource costs stay where they are and the market drops $150. I imagine we'd probably have to think about that pretty hard and probably more focused on value-added than we would be on chasing hot bands around.
Keith E. Busse: Boy, that's an interesting question. I think the only real and meaningful improvement is probably going to be at the structure division, we're freeing up our activities in rail by a yield of few more tons next year. Hopefully, the construction markets will come back a little bit and help us there. But we're running pretty much at capacity down at -- in fact, we're exceeding the original design capacity of Pittsboro by a wide margin, and we've done just about all without pouring capital into the place that we can do. So don't see a change there or it's still West Virginia, maybe a little, a few more tons possibly through Roanoke but not meaningful. Maybe some more tons, hopefully, 100,000 tons or 200,000 more at structural but that's a stretch, free of mechanical failures and this and that. We had a few this year at Butler, we might be able to run at a little higher operating rate there. So probably not huge differences for us.
Keith E. Busse: Well, I don't know that I could do that. I mean, I think the dollar is going to remain weak. There are going to be opportunities abroad, especially if we can settle the economic platforms or -- in Europe, but that's a more subtle condition. There might be some opportunities. Depends on what China is going to do with growth. There might be some export opportunities. But I think domestically, demand might be up 2%, 3% or 4% next year but probably not a lot greater than that. Catherine, thank you for shepherding us during the call. I think it's time to wrap it up, and let me just say thank you to all of you. It's been a joy to work with you over the years. And to hopefully provide meaningful input to the questions asked, I'll be around in the future. I'm not going to go away. But let me say thank you to the 6,000 wonderful men and women, who make it possible every day in this company. It's a wonderful company, and it's on solid, solid ground at this point in time, and it's a great time to contemplate, enjoying my -- some more freedom in my private life. So again, thank you, everyone. Bye now.
Richard P. Teets: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to share a few additional comments to what has been already stated either in the press release or comments from Keith and Mark.  In the steel operations, the Flat Roll division is experiencing solid demand for value-added products at both Butler and Jeffersonville. The weaker backlog that Keith referred to earlier is that of hot bands. I'm proud of the efforts of the engineering, maintenance and production personnel, along with the equipment suppliers and contractors, who stepped up big time to repair the finishing oven at our Jeffersonville paint line. On August 30, the paint line experienced solvent blast and caused considerable damage to both the oven and the ductwork and controls. No one was injured in the event. After a thorough investigation into the cause, the line was modified and reconfigured to operate on one curing oven to resume operations at a reduced rate beginning on October 1.  Concurrent with a single-oven operation, we're continuing to rebuild the finishing oven, and this work was completed this past Saturday, a full 2 weeks before the original anticipated completion. We're back up to full production and apologize to any of our customers, who may have been impacted by this event.  The total production in the third quarter was negatively impacted by 2 separate hot metal crane maintenance requirements. Because we needed to remove parts of the metal shop roof to allow for crane access to aid in the repairs, we had to curtail operations because our air permit won't allow for the potential fugitive emissions release. Each outage was coordinated to minimize production impact. No additional maintenance or outages were scheduled for either the Butler or Jeffersonville facilities during the fourth quarter.  In Pittsboro, The Techs have experienced a softening in their combined backlogs. As a result, the 3 teams will take their one-week annual maintenance outages in October and November. We will also take advantage of the production time available to run trials on alternative coatings to determine production capabilities to support expanded market developments.  At the Structural and Rail team -- division, the team also continues to develop nonparallel flange markets. In September, nearly 25% of the total shipments were rail, flume [ph], channels or in lead. Supporting these efforts is an expansion of the rail finishing facilities, which should be commissioned in November to remove a bottleneck limiting the production of short-rail lengths. We expect to ship approximately 120,000 tons of rail in 2011. And with this expansion, we plan to shoot for 180,000 tons in 2012.  In Pittsboro, the plant continues to exceed prior records, both the rolling mill and shipping departments at quarterly records. Congratulations to the total Pittsboro team. The SBQ backlog remains in good health well into the second quarter of 2012, as Keith mentioned. Projected needs from our customers indicate a modest growth in 2012 over 2011 levels. Maintenance outages will occur in both the melt shop and the rolling departments to perform routine maintenance, as well as to complete capital projects during this quarter.  The Roanoke Bar Division utilized 92% of the rated capacities in the third quarter. Our shipments for September were the best since July of 2008 in spite of continued weakness in many of their markets. At Steel of West Virginia, the core transportation market continued to be strong. Shipments have improved sharply over 2010, and our forecast to continue that trend, although slightly at a lower level, in 2012. To support these markets, this month, the team will be commissioning an additional truck trailer cross member robotic welding line. The plant will also be taking their annual 10-day maintenance outage in November. They're doing a great job in Huntington.  And finally, the steel operations is involved in the implementation of a company-wide computerized safety program that will allow -- or that will complement the efforts of all the divisions to strive for the 0 loss time accidents we seek. That's it from the steel operations.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I would just say that they are, I think, executing their plans, as been publicly stated, and the market has been absorbing it. There's been a slow steady increase in the demand, which is absorbing much of that capacity. I don't see anything very disruptive, and everyone is dealing with it, so not much more I can say.
Richard P. Teets: Timna, the Pittsboro operations has submitted a preliminary plan to expand their rolling capabilities down there to more further complement their casting capabilities. It's being worked on at the plant level. And in time, we will bring it to the board for consideration. It has not been approved as of this date.
Richard P. Teets: From a steel operations, I'll just answer that every plant, we've challenged them on a go-forward basis, how do you position yourself for the next 5 to 10 years. And each one has either process or product development opportunities, some requiring capital expansions and others requiring slight modifications. But we do have a plan, and we're working to finalize that plan, and it's always being reviewed.
Richard P. Teets: Well, we again for 2012, I mentioned earlier one that I think is exciting is involved the making of the rail production over at Columbia City. When we designed the facility and included the rail welding line, we expected to make a predominant amount of product that was 240- and ultimately 320-foot long and welding it together for shipment. And yet realizing now that, really, no one buys 240-foot lengths unless they're welded, and that's the amount of orders we get are for 80 footers or 39 footers. So therefore, we only had one saw, one gag press, one drill in line and that was all we required to feed the weld lines but to really meet the ongoing day-to-day orders that we get from class ones, regionals and short lines, they are looking for maintenance materials, which are the shorter length, and we only have one saw. It -- you just throttle back your production unbelievably when you go from just 2 end cuts, 4 cuts or 7 cuts and the like, when you're trying to make those shorter lengths. That should be commissioned again in November. And then we'll start seeing the benefits from that project immediately. That's just one example.
Richard P. Teets: Sal, I have to add this. Don't relate the improved shipments in Columbia City to an improving construction in the non-res market. Again, I made mention that 25% of their shipments in September and smaller but still stronger in the balance of the third quarter were nonparallel flange products. So it's not recovering. That shouldn't be a sign of recovery.
Richard P. Teets: What I would tell you on those value-added products, they really haven't changed that much. We've been very steady and very fortunate with a strong position throughout the Flat Rolled division. And so therefore, there's been very little adjustments to those lead times on our value-added processes. Again, where we have seen that fluctuation has been the hot side, on the hot band and that's what's very much reacting to these fickle order-entry rate weeks that Keith was referring to, where you have some real strong weeks and then all of a sudden things go soft and go south for a little while. And that's just the backlog of demand, which affects your efficiency because you don't have near as many products to choose from to get efficient streams through the caster but we're doing ours best to react to them and it is what it is.
Richard P. Teets: Let me just to add do that, Keith, that there are decisions every month we make at each of the divisions relative to orders that we turn away, and many of them I'll just say are, let's say, export opportunities. Then we look at a number each and every day that theoretically could increase our productivity, or our production levels, and yet we turn it away because of the price point that's there. So we look at it on every product in every division on an ongoing basis and make decisions relative to that, our inputs, our conversion costs and the like.
Russell Rinn: Thanks, Dick. Thank, Keith. Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. OmniSource we -- our third quarter was something like the opening line of A Tale of 2 Cities. It was the best of times, worst of times, where on one hand we had ferrous volumes that were much better or lower ferrous volumes but much better ferrous margins versus our second quarter. And on the other hand, we had higher ferrous shipments -- nonferrous shipments but lower nonferrous margins versus second quarter. The end result was third quarter operating income of $11 million for OmniSource versus operating income of $18 million in our second quarter.  On the ferrous side, our team worked very hard to ship just under 1.5 million gross tons for the month -- or for the quarter, which is about 70,000 less than we shipped in the second quarter. 44% of that tonnage was shipped internally to our SDI mills. On the nonferrous side, our team pushed out 270 million pounds of nonferrous products out the door this quarter versus 255 million pounds in the second quarter.  On the margin side, very proud of the team in the ferrous side during -- despite lower shipping levels of about 5%, our ferrous operations were able to maintain an even operating profit level quarter-to-quarter, as the team kept their operating expenses at a relatively flat level while the selling prices, as noted earlier, in step slightly on ferrous materials.  On the nonferrous side, the big story here is all in the pricing arena, where in the third quarter copper prices dropped by 26%, nickel prices dropped by 25%, and aluminum prices fell by 14%. The vast majority of those drops all occurred in the final 2 weeks of September at the close of our quarter. And the resulting mark-to-market impact on our fixed forward contract -- purchase contracts, which do extend into 2012 resulted in noncash unrealized losses of $6 million in the final month of the quarter. On the operating side, teams continue to make very steady strides, very steady -- and good progress, on our shredding operations in particular, where we are upgrading our equipment, adding capacity, sorting capacity at most of the locations to increase our efficiencies, expand our product offerings and increase our downstream recoveries. Also, our retail expansion continues with excellent results.  On the copper side, in conjunction with the copper side, we are making excellent progress on the construction of our SDI and LaFarga copper rod mill project. It remains on schedule, and we expect to begin production at the new facility in late spring or early summer of 2012.  Overall, market conditions remain relatively uncertain for both ferrous and nonferrous operations, much like the global economy on which they so carefully depend. Ferrous levels remain decent with inventory levels at both our locations and at our customers' locations remain at generally low levels. Nonferrous levels have slowed, somewhat -- slowed somewhat as the market searches for a bottom on pricing. The export markets, as was noted earlier, remain somewhat active, although less so than the current time due to the currency situation, but I do believe they will wind up at record levels for the year.  Finally, we're entering into the winter, where flows generally get constricted due to whether, so we are doing all we can to make sure we maintain the flows to our customers and keep their -- keep them running as we have in the past. And that's it, Mark.
Russell Rinn: I think it's going to be pretty much of a flattish quarter. I think you got -- again, as Keith talked about earlier, it's still quite a volatile environment out there. A month ago, there were scrap rumors with the prices going up $20 a ton in October, and all of a sudden they turned around and when we finished the market, it's down $10. You heard Keith talk about some of the talks of it being down $20 in November, but until we get there, until people start actually buying and start fulfilling their needs, we're just not going to be sure. So traditionally...
Russell Rinn: Yes, It could be flat. Traditionally, as we get to the winter months, particularly December, January, February, you see scrap prices start moving up simply reflective of the flows that becomes tighter over the winter months. But again, I think if you look at it on the whole, I'm anticipating it will be relatively similar at the end of the month as we were -- or at the end of the quarter as we were in the third quarter. On the nonferrous in particular, I think the economic conditions and the woes of Europe and the woes and the devaluation of the Thailand currency and those things all rippled through those markets. And look, let's face it, in the -- particularly in the copper markets, there's a lot of financial money in there, not necessarily manufacturing-type money that moves those things. So again, as the financial markets suffers some throes, those markets are going to feel them as well.
Russell Rinn: Ferrous is pretty much -- we're turning everything we've got in about a month's time. Nonferrous is a little bit extended out, simply because it takes a little longer time to process. So that's probably a 2-month, maybe 6 weeks to 2-months term time. But again, it's relatively quick vis-à-vis the way the scrap industry used to be, which was buy, hold and move. It's the supply chain, the supply lines, both our -- the folks that are supplying our scrap yards and our supply to our customers are very, very thin.
Russell Rinn: Mark, we do hedge copper in particular and some of those contracts extend out into the new year of 2012. So yes, that activity is ongoing for us.
Michelle Applebaum: No, I meant -- I mean, the total capitalization once you guys got started when you brought everyone in.
Michelle Applebaum: Anyway, it's an amazing story, and I've been there almost from the beginning, so it's been exciting, and watching you guys and the legacy that you bring to the company. And what you've accomplished here from a cornfield to 7 million tons is just -- given the value destruction that I've witnessed in 30 years in this industry, which you guys have accomplished here, don't ever lose sight of that. It's amazing, and it's also made my job so much more fun, so thank you for all the years.
Michelle Applebaum: It's so unusual to see visionaries, people build companies the way you guys did, and at the same time for you to be able to transition. It's really the ultimate win-lose, winning at your end game here, the way you're transitioning here. So anyway, I want to ask you a more difficult question now that I've said nice things. So in your third quarter guide, which was on the 12th of September -- Nate [ph] actually pointed out to me, I had missed this, that you had a little qualified blurb in there. You said the company believes there's more economic clarity developed through the remainder of the year. Demand could be expected to increase along with pricing margins, which have already started to move, with the potential to positively impact fourth quarter results given the low levels of existing inventory throughout the supply chain. So that was only -- that was September 12.
Michelle Applebaum: I know. I know. And it's -- obviously, it's reflective of the environment that 5 weeks later you can't say that anymore.
Theresa E. Wagler: We're constantly looking at the market and making that evaluation versus where we're at with cash versus what optionality there is regarding that kind of one-off repurchases. So I think we're open to all different ideas.
Theresa E. Wagler: I'm not aware that we're seeing any. We've had conversations. Our receivables are in very good shape and, actually, I'm aware of at least 2 different individuals on both sides of the fence, one in metals recycling and one on the steel side, that are moderate size, that were able to get very favorable deals from their banks. So I don't think it's in the same situation as it was in 2008. The banks have so much liquidity. They'd like to find a reason to be able to lend to some folks.
Theresa E. Wagler: The $400 million of the accordion is not included in the liquidity calculation, and the liquidity covenant goes away as we refinance or repay the 2012 note.
Theresa E. Wagler: Timna, what we do is we evaluate all of our projects globally and we look at the internal return and then we evaluate which ones to move forward with, and we weren't prepared to -- I've chosen those projects we're able to talk to everyone about them. We think there will be some exciting things for 2012. I just don't believe that we're prepared to talk about that.
Theresa E. Wagler: We were protected on the physical inventory side, which is what we had almost 100% res I believe. So that was protected. It was on copper. That was protected. It was the forward purchase contracts on which we mark-to-market. That's where the unrealized loss came into play.
Theresa E. Wagler: Mark, I also want to comment, earlier in the year when we were talking about breakeven scenarios, the assumptions for both the transfer price and for concentrate were much different than they are in today's environment. Concentrate costs are much higher than we anticipated, and the pricing for the transfer of the product is also lower. So there's a natural cost compression there as well.
Mark L. Parr: Okay. I appreciate that color. So I mean that would indicate, paint a little different picture on just if you're strictly looking at hot bands, which a lot of that has to do with whether the service centers are in or out of the market in any given week.
Mark L. Parr: One last question if I could and this relates to the nuggets project. That they -- I guess the difficulties of really getting that fully commissioned and operating properly have been kind of ongoing relative to where your comments were earlier in the year. And maybe Mark or Russ, it would be helpful just to kind of remind us of what some of the issues are that you're encountering and just to reassure us again that you feel like you're really on the right track as far as getting this facility to a point where it can begin to generate positive bottom line results next year.
Mark L. Parr: Okay. Thanks for the update there. I don't mean to beat a dead horse but I mean, it sure will be great when that facility is making money on a consistent basis.
Mark L. Parr: But it's an interesting nuance, you can look at the bottom line number and it really doesn't look all that encouraging. But if you think about the fact that you're pioneering a new process, and the underlying cost of that process actually unfolding pretty close to what you thought upfront, and you were looking at changing economic scenarios and perhaps some volume issues that are really the bigger driver than anything having to do with the robustness of the process or the -- or what it is that you're really working on accomplishing. I think that's a good point to make.
