Theresa Wagler: That's a great question Sathish. So in the first quarter generally, we're somewhere between probably 55% to 60% contract business in any given quarter related to just our flat roll operations. But because of the way that contracts have minimum and maximum volumes, in the first quarter, we actually had probably a little over 70% of our mix was contract related. So it was more than we typically would have. However, going into the second quarter, you're likely to see that moderate back to a 60% to 65%. And so we think it'll get closer to what we normally see. And the lag is generally around two months.
Theresa Wagler: And just to add to that Sathish, we've actually had several customers that were not able to locate with us on site because of area constraints, et cetera. But there are those that are moving contingent or contiguous to the site. So there is a lot of excitement among the customer group.
Theresa Wagler: And that's from a full utilization as we run Columbus and Butler, basically at full or over full capacity. We don't see any reason why could achieve that in the 2023 timeframe.
Theresa Wagler: I would just add, so there are transactional opportunities as well. And so we are a growth company. And so there is the organic side, which I think Sinton represents the largest project, and that we've had. But as you think about transaction opportunities, whether it's in manufacturing businesses that utilize our steel as raw material input, or whether it even the steel production assets perhaps that's something definitely we can differentiate the business and improve the business and add a lot of value. We're still very interested in things like that as well.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. So it was a direct result of two of our steel divisions. We actually had improvement over all of our operations, except for Roanoke Bar Division and the Steel of West Virginia Division. And there have been some good improvements made there commercially and the team is doing incredibly well. And they think you're going to see a big shift and change in that. But that specifically, it wasn't anything that was noteworthy, and it was only about 25,000 tons difference, I think.
Theresa Wagler: We pull together what we believe to be scrap generation over the coming years, and we added in new capacity related to electric arc furnaces. The scrap generation, both including prime scrap as well as prime scrap substitutes with a lot of the additional projects coming on line, we believe will outpace the increased demand. Though I know there's different philosophies being touted about out there right now. But that was our original promise and we still believe in that.
Theresa Wagler: Yeah. Absolutely. Good morning. So from the steel fabrication, we're likely to see March and April be the drought months as we are working through or have worked through the order backlog. Today, steel and steel deck - steel joist and steel deck prices are actually at all-time record highs and demand is extraordinary. So one should see that starts to develop, it's already into a record backlog that's reaching into the fourth quarter of 2021. And you're likely to see a better second quarter, but in the second half of the year, it could be quite powerful from an earnings perspective.
Theresa Wagler: Well, first of all, I'll just jump in. I thought Andreas was talking about shipments not production. So if I got that wrong that was my fault. Mark, you want to talk about the production side of things. We suffice it to say, Timna that we are running as hard as we can at both Butler and at Columbus. We aren't without some of our hiccups along the way as well. But we've rectified those and yeah.
Mark Millett: Well, we would anticipate, I think, at the end of the day, with seven customers on site, it's been absolutely incredible, the excitement that we've seen, and we've been very, very intentional as to the type of customers such that we have a broad spectrum of processing capability. So light gauge processing capability, heavy gauge, hot band, automotive, and also pipe consumers and other fabricators. So I would imagine at the end of the day, again, that 1.3 million tons will grow. Again, that's not all consumption. A lot of it is processing capability. But it should end up being perhaps 1.4 million tons by the time we're done.
Mark Millett: Certainly, I think the downstream lines, as we've said in the past will come up before the hot side, but the paint line, the galv line and pickle line, we believe will stop commissioning in June, with some limited shipments beginning in July. I think generally, volumes will be a little constrained through those three lines due to the strong SDI backlog right now and a limited availability of third-party volume. It was our anticipation some time ago that we will be transferring tons down there. But again, it's a good and a bad situation. Our mills are absolutely jam packed with orders. And again, it's tough to get third party supply. But those will be commissioned on time and we'll start to see incremental shipments in the third and fourth quarter. The hot strip mill obviously is of prime importance to get that up and running. That it will be commissioned in September. And I would expect the shipments to commence in Q4 and one has to recognize that as we start the mill up, we'll be also hiring to build working process inventory. So not every ton produced will be shipped. But I would imagine volume to be around 150,000 to 200,000 tons for the fourth quarter. For 2022, the expectation is still to ship around about 80% of eventual capability, so somewhere between 2.2 million to 2.4 million tons.
Mark Millett: Well, I think generally our cash allocation strategy has been pretty consistent over time, and will continue to be so. We'll still be focused on retaining a conservative perspective regarding balance sheet structure and liquidity to fully support our investment grade profile. Our through cycle cash generation capability will remain strong, and obviously, with Sinton and with the additional projects will increase dramatically. And I think the exciting thing is, as you point out, we're going to have a lot of cash to allocate. We'll continue growth. We've announced our four new lines, again, a little sort of head of our own personal - sort of timeframe, to help diversify that mill dramatically along the lines of Butler and Columbus. But there will be significant cash remaining after that growth. We'll continue to have a positive dividend profile, cash dividend profile. And as you've seen in the past, when we have a step function increase in through cycle cash generation capability, we do quite a meaningful bump. So I would expect that to happen in the future the next year. And obviously, to supplement that that shareholder return was continuing to look at share buybacks.
Mark Millett: Well, it's difficult to tell exactly what that sort of incremental volume is. You see 3 million, 4 million tons being bantered around. I can't say that we've fully analyzed that. But obviously, there will be improved demand. There's obviously a major sort of clean energy aspect to it. So solar, I think will help steel consumption demand and certainly our activities at Steel of West Virginia are already benefiting from that. I think beyond the actual sort of steel consumption perspective just the overall economic benefit from that and from other stimuli the economy is going great guns today and it's just going to keep it going. So it's an exciting time.
Mark Millett: Well, again from our perspective, and there are those - I saw some commentary sort of questioning demand. Demand out there is absolutely phenomenal, across almost every sector. Very, very strong and it would appear to be there for the rest of this year going into next. As you mentioned, most of the - if not all, the reasonable production capability in the US has returned. I think any further additions will be limited. There are sort of additions coming in later this year. Ours will start shipments in the fourth quarter, as I said, but nothing major on the plus side. And it's going to be offset in all honesty, if you look at the maintenance outages in the integrated industry and some shutdowns on the minimal side of things, supply side will absolutely remain tight. So as a great balance will support the market. The issue in the past has been import increases. And I don't think you'll see - you're going to see material increase. It is picking up, there's no doubt about that. But you've got a world economy. Europe is strong, China is strong, most markets are in great shape and so the import availability today is not there. You may get the arbitrage to become more attractive perhaps on the surface. But the availability and the lead times are stretched out. And very few people are going to want to take that speculative risk buying whatever 1,400 bucks today, just taking that risk for that to tumble later in the year. We don't see that though. So we see strong demand, tight supply, record low supply chain inventories across the space. And I think imports - moderate levels of imports that will be continued to be supported by the administration. Actually, I think the commentary relative to trade is very, very positive. Today they recognize that we've been at a kind of a financial war with China for a long time. And they recognize the issues there and I don't think that the 232 tariffs will be unwound in totality. They may take a slightly different shape, but trade constraint will remain in the years ahead. So I think it's a remarkable environment that we're in today. And I think it's just wherever you look anecdotally - housing, there are no houses to be bought today. Or you saw a pickup in the residential markets in March. And that will continue and as playing strength in HVAC and appliance. If you go try and buy a refrigerator today or washing machine, you're probably going to have to wait four or five months for one that you actually want. So just everywhere you look in the supply chain things are stretched and will kind of prolong these cycles. So we're incredibly bullish, I mean it's - we had a phenomenal first quarter. I think the second quarter is going to be multiples of phenomenal and is going to be a great year.
Mark Millett: I would say on the hot side for sure. Downstream, coating, value-add there's still I think, a myriad of opportunities for us. But if you look at Sinton for - that investment, that project is very, very, very unique both from a product standpoint, but also sort of a market or regional market standpoint. And that's what persuaded us to move forward there. I don't believe there are those types of opportunities available today. Yeah, if there's - there may be incremental where we'll take existing hot metal capability and add assets to use that existing capability. But I don't believe you'll see us - I'm pretty sure you won't see us building green - any more greenfield hot sites.
Mark Millett: Firstly, I would suggest that scrap is an incredibly efficient market. It's probably the most effective commodity. I do believe that yes, there's additional capacity electrical arc furnace capacity come online. But if you do the math, you may need to find about - somewhere around 4 million tons of additional prime scrap. You also have to offset that a little bit because people forget the integrated mills use scrap, they use prime scrap and so with the reduced capacity there, there's a little less consumed on the integrated side of things. But I think if you look at the scrap market in general, we - even in these recent times we're exporting in around 12 million, 15 million tons a year. There have been times when we've exported 20 million tons a year. So scrap is certainly available. It may appreciate in price to some degree, but I don't believe you're going to see any significant issues from a profitability or a cost perspective for the electric arc furnace community.
Mark Millett: I think actually one more thing because, as they say, necessity is the mother of invention. And given the remarkable spread between prime scrap and obsolete today, our mills and I'm sure all of our competition is doing the same thing. But they are creating new mixes. And we've actually reduced our prime scrap requirements probably by over 10%, maybe more at our flat roll facilities. If the whole industry, electric arc furnace flat roll producing industry would to do that obviously, that's a meaningful reduction as well.
Mark Millett: Well, quite simply one has a slightly higher product capability. The ones in the south tend to have some automotive capability. Whereas the one in the Midwest will be more building product targeted.
Mark Millett: I think there's also an impact a little bit on the product mix and also on shipments from a standpoint of transportation. Logistics is a little tough right now. And we have greater opportunity for shipments than we actually ended up.
Mark Millett: Well, 2.2 million, 2.4 million tons is 80% of 3 million tons capability, Timna. And I think the team hitting that will be a remarkable feat.
Mark Millett: I think the sort of end demand for vehicles today is incredibly strong. And the few dealers that I talked to are struggling to get inventory and feel that it's - that that strength is going to remain for some time. I think they were generally projecting somewhere between 17 million and 18 million units for the year. And the best prognostications are that the chip shortage may impact that by a million and a half. I'm not sure. All I can say is through our lens, and it's quite fortuitous, I guess. But the plants that are down are not ones that we supply. So we have not seen any material impact from a shipping standpoint. We have seen a slight impact on the scrap side. So I think you're going to see - whereas we anticipated that softening a little bit in the last month - for this month. I think prime scrap is probably going to be firm, maybe up a little. But then again, it's too early to tell the buy is still a couple of weeks ahead. But no major impact for us so far.
Mark Millett: Well, I think there's a general impact across the space. We've seen a little greater activity sort of seams pipe for the for the energy markets, yellow goods is stronger, manufacturing is strong. But I would say the principal growth and target for that growth there has been automotive. I think we're around about 20% of the mix there right now. And if you remember some years ago, we installed a smaller diameter mill and that utilization is picking up quite dramatically.
Mark Millett: Well, we've not seen any - at least I don't - I'm not aware of seeing any substitution threat right now. Obviously, all materials have come up together. But then again steel products are quite unique to replace - in the steel warehouse space where they want large spans, you obviously can't do that with lumber. You may see lumber substitution in high rise buildings in the past, but not in the growth area of distribution warehouses and that sort of thing.
Mark Millett: Well, super. For those that remain on the call, we certainly appreciate your time today and you're support of our company. For our employees, again, hats off to you, it was an absolutely phenomenal quarter and ask you to look after each other out there and be safe. And again, we wouldn't be able to have a phenomenal quarter without our customer base. We got some loyal phenomenal people that we worked with, that we partnered with over the years. So thank you, each and every one of you. With that said, make it a great day and be safe.
