Mark Millett: Thank you. Good morning everybody. Relative to the Metals Recycling, flat quarter. Operations had a, as Keith said, a very mixed quarter. August results essentially balanced or offset a July loss, resulting from strong downward movement in July, very surprising, and the associated margin (inaudible). However, the team has an excellent September, achieved strong shipping volumes in both ferrous and non-ferrous material. The nonferrous group had a particularly good month as they were able to push up their – expand their metal margins appreciably. Quarter over quarter operating expenses remain relatively flat. Ferrous volumes edged up slightly to 1.4 million tons. Non-ferrous volumes increased 8 percent to 257 million tons, and as Keith suggested, our operating income for OmniSouce decreased from $25 million in the second quarter to $22 million. That’s principally the lowest ferrous margins in July. In Iron Dynamics, they posted another consistent solid quarter. They shipped 45 ferrous metric tons of liquid pig iron and 12,000 tons of HBI over to the Butler fab mill, and it continues to be an integral part of the recent productivity gains at Butler, so the team did well there. Regarding Mesabi Nugget, again for pioneering effort, I guess it started to progress well. Obviously not as well as we’d like to see. Shipments rose 33 percent to 24,600 metric tons. The Nugget’s achieving 97 percent metallic FE, and with the signs content ranged in the quarter up to five percent. It is now being regularly consumed at both the Butler flat roll mill and engineered products at this point. Recent performance has confirmed our confidence in the process itself with extended periods of operation in excess of 60 percent, and interim periods in excess of 85 percent of its anticipated capacity. However, as with most pioneering efforts, these high productivity levels have exposed further equipment and factory limitations that are hampering our equipment in time and productivity. Solutions are in hand and they should be effective during the fourth quarter and will likely include a three week shut down in November for the refractory work on the (inaudible). However, earnings projection is anticipated to be similar to that of Q2 and Q3. Financial performance there continues to be impacted obviously by the divergence of iron concentrate and pig iron market pricing, and the securing of permit to mine remains a critical issue to us and we’ve actually been infused quite recently by renewed energy demonstrated by the Minnesota State Environmental Agencies in concluding the permitting process and anticipate permit issuance late in 2011.
Mark Millett: OK. We would hope to have a break even month in the first quarter of next year here. Again, it depends on how successful our modifications are. Again, I want to emphasize, the actual process we’ve got a lot of confidence in. it’s just a matter of breaking through and overcoming these mechanical track fissures. Relative to stand alone capacity or whatever, we operated up until a couple of days ago, at 60 percent of our operated capacity consistently this month and we’ve had many interim periods where we’re at 85, 90 percent. It’s purely getting the equipment bugs worked out. It is a pioneering effort. We have a – it’s been a scale up from the bottom facility. So we’re not going as quick as we’d like it to, but I think with every confidence that we’re going to get there.
Mark Millett: We would hope within eight months from getting the permit.Charles Bradford – Affiliated Research Group: Thank you.
Mark Millett: And then you load that up with depreciation, interest, that’s where you get up to the $40 to $45.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: And a lot of the older facilities don’t necessarily have such depreciation.
Mark Millett: No, we’ve only been able to glean their operating cost structure. We don’t necessarily know whether the mines up there even know what their cost is to be honest with you.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: No, it’s difficult. You can see some of it implicitly in their numbers, but it’s very difficult. And those are all assuming you’re where you want to be on the production side.
Mark Millett: Yes.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: But then what about product capabilities? Would we be seeing you be able to expand the products that you offer on the flat roll side and maybe even SBQ because of this, or no.
Mark Millett: I think from the standpoint of product capability on sheet and engineered rolls it would have the same basic positive characteristics as pig iron today. We would pick up added productivity perhaps, and better quality as we continuously feed it during the melt process, but it’s essentially pig iron.
Gary Heasley: Thanks Keith. Demand for joints and deck were up slightly in the first half. We gave most of that back in July and August which were off from 2009 levels fairly significantly for booking. Now we’re looking at 2010 at about the same level of demand that we had in 2009 which is dramatically off from the average of the past ten years, about 50 percent off that average. Some months are up. Some months are down, so we’re expecting to see a bit more bumping along at this level before we begin to see slow steady growth, which we think will happen starting the second half of 2011. With what we saw in August and July, we believe that the early part of 2011 is going to be a little less robust than we hoped for, but we’re still confident that 2011 is going to be better than ‘10. All things seem to be pointing that way. Prices and spreads improved over the quarter, and that gave us the opportunity to look at improved earnings. The facilities in Ohio and South Carolina that we idled in ‘08, continue to cost some interest and costs related to depreciation charges, insurance, property taxes, other interim charges. Those totaled about $298,000 in the quarter, and then left us with an operating loss in the three operating plants of $196,000 but for August and September, generated an operating profit, so hats off to the folks at New Millennium who worked very, very hard to try to win in what are very difficult market conditions. As Keith mentioned, on October 4 we acquired the joist operations run by Commercial Metals. That involves seven locations, four of which are going to be idled, and we only acquired the equipment not the real estate, three of which we will be operating and as Steve mentioned , Hope, Arkansas, Juarez, Mexico and Holland, Nevada, giving us the nationwide reach that many of our customers told us that we needed to have in order to really serve them properly. In the time that we have now, as we get ready to start up, we are in the process of relocating equipment from idle facilities to those that will be operated to make sure that we have the optimum configuration every plant will run, and that we’re prepared to operate those plants at the highest level of productivity we can achieve. With the new acquired facilities, we’re going to be bringing on staff very slowly. We’re going to staff up just at the level we believe will support the backlog. We’ll only grow that team and the related capacity as the backlogs tell us that we can profitably support additional hiring. Now with the four plants coming down and the two that we idled in ‘08 and ‘09, that’s six joist plants that have been taken out of operations in these last couple of years, and with those six closures, capacity in the industry has gotten much more in line with demand, although there’s still excess capacity out there, and it wouldn’t surprise me if some of the less efficient plants may need to make some tough decisions. But as construction activity continues to grow over the next two years, we will be extremely well positioned to take advantage of that and to generate great returns on the three plants that we’ve had historically and the three new ones that we’re starting up now. Keith.
Gary Heasley: That’s right Keith. So you know, we’ll start out again very modestly. Putting in the first crew at each of the three plants will give us maybe 33,000 tons or 35,000 tons incremental capacity across those markets from Arkansas all the way over to California, and as we add crews over time, that capacity will grow dramatically if the market gives us the reason to build those three.
Gary Heasley: I mean it’s almost 20,000 tons of rail shipments in the third quarter and I would tell you that our fourth quarter projections are double what we’ve shipped year to date at Columbia City. So (inaudible).
Gary Heasley: Just going back to your comment, I think the most important thing we should be looking at obviously is scrip between product pricing and scrap and I think it would be our estimation that it’s going to expand next year from where it is today.Brett Levy – Jefferies & Company: Thanks much.
Gary Heasley: That has changed. The prices have come up and that’s the comment I made earlier about margins being better. Clearly pricing is not at that level anymore. It’s still a very competitive market and certainly in the east as much as in the west, there’s still excessive supply. But we have done a lot to cut our costs, making us a lot more efficient, producing every dollar of cost we can, which has really helped us get over the hump on spreads here. So pricing is better, and cost structure is better, and together, that’s how we’ve managed to hit an operating income two months in a row here.
Gary Heasley: I think it will take a little time as we build a backlog, but given the cost structure we think we’re going to have, it shouldn’t be too long. But really the major contributor is going to take some amount of increase in non res construction activity, so we’re looking at that probably more toward the latter half of ‘11. This is a more long term investment that we think over time is going to pay great dividends, but we’re going to have to be pretty careful about how we bring it up and make sure that we’ve got the backlog in place before we put on the personnel to grow capacity.
Gary Heasley: The railroads are needless to say, very meticulous in their business dealings and they don’t have multi, multi-year periods. But there’s investments. There’s relationships that are existent. The weld shops are in appropriate locations based on where our competitors produce the rail or the rail is imported into, and nobody’s going to just rush off and abandon those relationships that they have. We’ll continue to make inroads based on quality and service and so forth, but we are already quoting as we have in the past, quoted towards annual or semi- two year, six month contract with the railroads and those are not cast in stone. We are making inroads in those.
Gary Heasley: I was going to make just one clarification, Mark. On the pricing we were talking about, we’re talking about where the market’s at. We have been shipping low volumes and so forth and we’ve had higher yield issues, meaning tough performances should be more to the IQ market. We will see a significant improvement. I was trying to refer more to market, not necessarily all these (inaudible) where we’re at.
Keith Busse: I think that volume will continue to be from an order entry perspective erratic. I think we were a little out of the market for a while, and that’s why order entry in the latter part of August, early part of September suffered. You’re correct in the pricing has come down. It has not come down I think to the advertised arena. I think we probably are approaching due bottoms again. I think the economy is going to continue to be in a malaise. I think inventories, it’s almost comical when we report final inventories up or down. They’re so anemic and so weak that any real movement in demand would shatter them, but the economy is what it is, an as I said, it will continue to have positive momentum with fits and starts. It really is a malaise. I think order entry will be okay for the remainder of the quarter with pricing being off, or fourth quarter, with pricing being off from third quarter levels, and I do believe that the pricing, fall in pricing at least from our perspective in terms of raw numbers, may end up being less than we’re taking later in the quarter. You’ve got to remember what we billed in October is what we had on hand essentially in September, but I think the scrap costs will be better and I think most of the margin loss early in the quarter will be flat roll, yet we could see some recovery. I don’t think there’ll be much margin loss and maybe added margin in certain other arenas, so I, we’re not making a specific prediction. We think that earnings could be up slightly. That’s a current prognostication. If they’re better than that, we’ll report that to you in December. If they’re slightly worse than that, we’ll report that to you as well. But I certainly believe we’ve got to be positive and certainly not negative. But at this point in time, given the weakness in backlogs, it’s just hard to reach out and predict it, but I do think the fourth quarter will be slightly improved over the third at this point in time. Scrap will be, I don’t know. The market I think is going to end up weaker. I’ll let him comment on that. I think it’s probably going to end up probably about the same, not too much change there. We really hope to have a little better result in Mesabi Nugget. It may not. It may end up being the same level of losses given sort of, we hope one final round of repairs to the furnace, but they did demonstrate some awfully good momentum here in October. Fabrication will probably be marginally better than what it was, but not a whole lot, or it could be the same or it could be a little worse by a little, but it’s not going to be a material dip one way or another. So I hope I’ve answered your question.
Keith Busse: I think you’re going to see Europe continue to be a fairly significant exporter of recycled metallic’s. United States, the volume won’t change a lot. It may get a little better. The real offshore demand is probably going to come from Turkey in fits and starts rather than Asia. I think Japan is still a net exporter. I think you’re going to see with China’s industrial production having grown so significantly over time, they’re going to start to generate a lot more scrap and even obsolete scrap will be in greater supply. So China will kind of be probably just in the market not on the market, but more dependent on iron ore resources than scrap. I don’t see the relationship between scrap pricing and steel pricing disconnecting. There’s never going to be a perfect chart out there, but I think it’s essentially going to be a relationship between the two that has existed for some time. I don’t think there’s going to be a complete break down or positive improvement one direction or another that’s significant.
Keith Busse: And people that own those assets will be responsible for those decisions in the due course of time. I think this mill would be market positioned well if it goes forward and I think the markets it would serve would impact domestic production as well as imported product. It would just give us an opportunity in markets that we don’t have today, or capability more specifically in markets we don’t have today.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: And can you tell me just one more question on this, and then I’ll go back into the queue. Can you give me an idea of what the equilibrium hot rolled price you’d be assuming Theresa, you’d need to have to make this project to go.
Keith Busse: It’s consistent with what’s being reported by the people we talk to, and most of them are relatively significant suppliers to the industry. Most service centers are seeing marginal improvement and feel good about their business, and obviously that makes us feel very good about the future, although all of us would like to see demand increase at a higher rate of speed. But unfortunately, in the probably kind of political environment we’re in, you know people are sitting on their hands and waiting for outcomes and solutions to the things that ail the nation if you will.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Well that’s great, and also most of that inventory increase was stainless. That was kind of shocking, so the inventories were scarcely maintained at a constant level. So I was surprised to see that, so.
Keith Busse: Well that goes to my comment about how fragile what’s on the shelf is. I mean if they were hitting substantial momentum, although I don’t think the market’s going to be up 33 percent tomorrow morning on an average, I mean you would have enough product to supply it. I mean the rather fragile levels of inventories sitting on the selves. They’re there today intended to service demand as it exists.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Right. Right. OK, that’s great. Well thanks, and I’ll go get back into the queue.
Keith Busse: Well we haven’t done your math, as Theresa said, but the spreads are definitely down. We had – I’m looking for the data sheet on the ties. The ties shipped was, total shipments combined were 1.3 million. I don’t have a calculator. The spread progression of ...
Keith Busse: Many times volume is off a little bit, your other costs convert are certainly going to go up per ton. It doesn’t mean you’re spending more, it just means you have existing cost structures in place both variable and fixed related to a lower level of production which would yield a higher cost per ton. I wish I would have brought my calculator, but the margins were off $24. They’re off $30 some million.
Keith Busse: It’s still off $30 some million when we look at the gross profit line quarter over quarter. It was off more than $31 million. I think that’s your point.
Keith Busse: Luke, it’ll come in bits and pieces. We’re not going to start them up. All of them will have three physical line capability in the end times the number of shifts you want to run them. So you have generally you have to run first or second shifts, so you’d have six shifts worth of production at each plants times three plants. It’s not going to start out that way. It’s going to start out with a lot of them having two lines running and each of the others have one line running and we’ll grow from there. Gary.
Keith Busse: I think what’s significant about all this as Gary commented on, we’ve lost actually seven facilities minus the properties for $17 million, about $2.5 million per piece of property and all equipment related to it, and four of them go away permanently. They’ll never to constituted in any form with the equipment gone, so given the two we’ve shuttered on top of our other assets, I think we’re geographically well dispersed and I think to Gary’s point, there’s six lines no longer in service in the country, and I think that’s going to bode well for everyone in the fabrication business. The only two entities capable of servicing demand on a national scope would be New Core and SGI at this point in time. The others are regional guys, but the elimination of this capacity in the end helps everyone. Now we understand it’s a rather good market in time, but this is when you prepare yourself for future activity to increase in the zip code, and I think it will in time, like a year or two, but I think we’ll be as well positioned as anybody. I imagine you’ve got some excellent equipment coming out of these facilities and going into the existing ones. I can’t imagine them being inferior to any fabricating asset, anywhere in the world. So I think from a cost structure perspective, we’re going to be in awfully good shape and as we march forward in that business.
Keith Busse: That’s very, very significant. I think the other thing Luke that’s significant to note, is that that pioneering effort which really got underway earlier in the year and hit its crescendo you might say in the second and third quarters, there was a lot of steel pent up and we pulled. We become as cost effective and as productive as we are today, and that should not reoccur as we move forward. Luke Folta – Longbow Research: OK. Thanks a lot for the color guys, and sorry to make you break out the calculator.
Keith Busse: Yes, that’s it.Brett Levy – Jefferies & Company: Got it. OK. But not double that. Just in the last quarter.
Keith Busse: Let’s be careful. Half of the market of a million tons is head hardened material and we have not qualified ourselves with head hardening material. It’s a – we’re in the class one, and that’s the other half of the market, and we expect to penetrate that half rather significantly, hopefully 40 to 50 percent in time. But we have new technology that we’re developing in the head hardening arena and we have yet to crest that hill if you will. So only half the market is available to us at the moment.Brett Levy – Jefferies & Company: And then just to follow up on that, what do you think the timetable is to kind of perfect your head hardening technology.
Keith Busse: In all honesty, that’s measured in probably years because we have yet – we are just looking at the technologies. We’re exploring what we currently have in place from a capability standpoint, and we’re still walking into the standard strength realm and we’re not going to jeopardize that performance by rushing into the head hardening world.Brett Levy – Jefferies & Company: Last question. Keith, your thoughts on scrap prices in 2011.
Keith Busse: Well, you know it has been historically, they’ll probably improve in the first quarter. It’s the winter months when the flows are down. It would be my hope that they don’t get the carts so far ahead of the horse this time. Scrap prices literally got out of control I think in the first quarter and we paid for it all year long, and they’ve been coming back. I hope that where we go is more orderly, but I think they’ll probably increase in the first quarter as they normally do, and possibly come down late second quarter and into third quarter it will probably go back up in fourth. So it’s hard to say. I imagine scrap will finish higher next year than it finished this year and I’m pretty confident steel prices will too. How much remains to be seen for everyone.Brett Levy – Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much guys. And happy birthday Theresa.
Keith Busse: Brian, it reminds me a lot of 1989, 1990 in Crawfordsville. I mean that took a solid year to work through pioneering efforts with that new technology and this is the same kind of exciting breakthrough technology that’s going to have a very happy landing in the end. But it’s not a six month deal, and we’re solving each of the problems systematically as we go forward.
Keith Busse: Mark said we’re starting to see rays of sunshine now in permitting. It doesn’t mean it’s going to speed it up terribly, but it won’t delay another two years anyway, and he hopes to have a permit in hand late next year.
Keith Busse: I think what happens to any new entry into a market is the clients tend to be satisfied with their suppliers, especially where demand is shorter than supply. And any time somebody tries to break into markets, the only tool in the end – I mean you can shout about your quality all day and all night but in the end the tool, especially in a depressed market is going to be price, and people aren’t going to let you into their house unless you show them something. And unfortunately, that’s probably what’s been happening. It’s probably had a recent toll on pricing, but in time, they will be assimilated into the market and hopefully not be perhaps as impactful as a new start up would be when it’s grappling for business, or struggling with this initial production kind of thing. So I think things will settle down. I believe we are at the bottom of another cycle in the market and I think there’s, there are brighter days ahead. I wish we’d just have a more significant increase in demand. I think it’s getting better, better, better, but again, we’re all impatient people and it’s a little too slow for all of us. Our next questions comes from Michael Davelo [ph] – J.P. Morgan.Michael Davelo [ph] with J.P. Morgan: Good morning.
Keith Busse: It would be a factor I think. It’s probably not an absolute requirement, but I think you want to feel good about the ability to supply high grade ore raw materials to the facility.Michael Davelo [ph] – J.P. Morgan: Would that facility, would you anticipate that facility’s product being produced with a much higher level of scrap substitute or Mesabi Nugget or DRI or whatever you want to call it.
Keith Busse: I personally would see it that way because of the markets it’s intended to serve. And I would think that where we’d like to be successful in dedicating our push battery to Butler, you’re dedicating it to a facility that produces three million tons or potentially even better in a strong market. This one would not be as large. It would be half as many tons, so if you had an entire new battery dedicated to that, and the first time, it would be a higher percentage of virgin material going into the electric furnaces.Michael Davelo [ph] – J.P. Morgan: OK. Great. Thank you.
Keith Busse: I think as Dick said, there’s, taking it from the smallest going forward, there’s some additional strength especially in the steel arena, special tapes. We’re experiencing West Virginia. Roanoke is kind of a niche producer. You know, it’s some people, feel very good about buying from our competition and other don’t and they do a good job of servicing the market from a product quality and service perspective. We’re not better than the other fellow on price I’m sure, but we’re not worse either. But at the same time I think keeping them at their operating rate is a very strong possibility. You’ve already heard that we’re going to see more strength in SPQ large. I think we’ll see a little more strength in structural. It won’t be significant, but most of the increase in volume coming from greater rail success, and then work to the final market where we’re not bumping along at a bad rate you know, in relation to our competition in terms of our operating rate, but we’d like to be 100 percent all the time. With demand steadily improve, I think we’ll get there, but it’s going to be a fits and starts kind of environment.
Keith Busse: We are selling them in shorter lengths also which hampers our volume metric capability because the railroads just haven’t got there. You know, it takes time to change people’s modus operandi, operating methodologies in order entry patterns and also their ability to deal with shorter product. A longer product going into their own well facilities are those under contract. And in time, that will change because there are significant advantages to the railroads to deal with 240’s rather than 40’s. Cost of welding, that many more welds is much greater and the cost of inspecting them in the field is that much greater. So I think it’s positively received by the railroads, but not knowing whether or not we’d ever get there and having the only facility that can do it, and weld shops that they deal with not being able to deal with it, I think requires them to go out into their own facilities and those under contract and force change to occur in terms of length. And if they can do that, a length that they can accommodate on the entry side that is, if they can do that, I think 240’s will grow in popularity and our productivity will grow.
Keith Busse: I think the impact is more indirect, John, and thank you for talking about semi-finished and slabs and all that as part of that two million tons. So I think the important material being put into play by services centers and OEM’s is actually significantly down as you know, and probably going to stay down. It’s not going to change semi-finished coming into California or slab requirements by others, but I think the impact of that material semi-finished and slabs, is more of an indirect thing.
Keith Busse: I don’t think so. I think the market has a keen sense of the information age of where it’s at, whether it’s east coast, west coast, Midwest, and pricing that exists in one neck of the woods tends to be responded to rather rapidly in the other neck of the woods, so I don’t think there’s a lot of sheltering going on there.
Keith Busse: I was just going to say, I think it is the opposite. We’d have probably a negative impact on imports with our presence and that’s a positive event, although it just doesn’t allow us to serve other markets we’re not currently powerful in or don’t have the capability to serve.
Keith Busse: I will tell you, it’s really hard to get your hands around that. We know product pricing on one in relation to another. The input costs aren’t a heck of a lot different, and spreads are a difficult subject when you’re running at very low operating rates we’re running at today.
Keith Busse: (Inaudible) be helpful, but it’s going to put you back as I said earlier to the level of profitability that facility is at when it’s fully loaded.
Keith Busse: Mark, I had one railroad guy tell me just recently that they were truly excited about our product, wanted to buy more from us, that they wanted to feel good about our commitment to being in this business, and I assured them we’re here to stay. So as we give them confidence in our capability on our arena rail land our willingness to dedicated time and resources to it, I think they’ll buy more and more product.
Keith Busse: I don’t know. They’re all running for cover. I don’t know how much color you’re going to get out of anyone at this point in time.
Keith Busse: I think we had a, if we had a box to check to cast them all out of office, that’d be the one that most everybody would check probably. So I think they’re in their potholes at this point in time.
Keith Busse: I don’t think it’s worth talking about where you are today.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Oh, no, I don’t mean today.
Keith Busse: From productivity, I think the discussion really centers around where you’re going to be six, eight months from now with the ore content at our disposal, and that cost structure and the one you’ll have with your own ore content, and that cost structure, and you’d have to define it at full capacity, the sooner we get there. And I’ll let Mark address that.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: I’m sorry, I meant full capacity, and I actually meant the question for you Mark. Sorry.
Keith Busse: Well $300 a ton is a heck of a lot better than what you can buy it at, let’s put it that way. It probably includes in time profit to the mining industry as well. But I’m not so sure it compares all that favorably to a fully appreciated mining operation that exists on the range today.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Nothing would compare to that.
Keith Busse: On a depreciated basis, what he’s saying to you is that if they’re at $23, we may be at $26. We may be $3 more expensive than the existing well refined assets.
Keith Busse: It’s got better yield.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: Ok. That’s great. OK. Thank you.
Keith Busse: It’s been a long call, but a good call and I want to thank everyone for joining us and thank you for your continued support. To all of our employees that are listening, thank you for the wonderful job you’ve done throughout these very difficult periods. Until next time, we’re signing off.
Theresa Wagler: Michelle, I don’t think that – I mean to make the project a go, as Keith said earlier, we’re still looking at models to present to the Board and different working scenarios, etc. I don’t even want to comment on today.Michelle Applebaum – Phil Market Intelligence [ph]: OK.
Theresa Wagler: No, Luke. I’m (inaudible) logic because prices definitely were compressed second quarter to third quarter so I’ll have to make the kind of calculation that you had to back into that. It’s above the line, it’s not below the line.
Theresa Wagler: The difference is the operations operating income second quarter, third quarter, $46 million, but that inclusive of the tax, and he’s trying to back out the tax. And the thing is around the yield segment that was. So I’m sure that I can help you offline, but right now with the information we have in front of us, to back out the taxes is a little bit difficult.
Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Keith, you had mentioned in the press release and also in the comments about a little bit better long product market. Can you give us a little detail? Is this the products you are in or general market is up and how do you reconcile (inaudible) at the New Millennium which you’re still facing.
Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs: Do you think the two plants you’re going to open will be profitable from the very beginning or it’s going to take you time to make them profitable.
Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs: And last question on the rail, Keith you mentioned in your comments (inaudible) products for rail. Do you, are you selling these in shorter lengths also? I thought you were making 240 foot lengths only.
