Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. And before we open the call to take your questions, I would like to thank firstly all our customers for your faith and support over the years and recently. And hopefully, we will continue to earn your business each and every day, and thank our employees for their continued hard work and dedication and to remind them to work safely, again, each and every day. So now Rob, we'd like to open the call for any questions you may have of me or Dick, Russ, Gary and Theresa.
Mark D. Millett: I do think talking nonresidential, Michelle, aside from just the stats, the rental cost going up and the inventory coming down and greater housing starts, albeit coming from a lower level, I think we're actually seeing it in our order book. It's not just a matter of numbers. I think sheet mill in particular has seen some benefits there.
Mark D. Millett: Residential. And again, that's -- in my mind, that's where it all starts. To Dick's point, nonresidential tends to lag 6 months anyway, maybe 9 months in this cycle.
Mark D. Millett: And obviously, we've got a lot of latent capacity there for when it does recover, but we have also taken steps as we mentioned. The fact that our structural mill will be supplying blimps [ph] and bullets to the SBQ expansion and the onset of premium rail, no matter how long it takes, we believe the structural mill will change significantly over the next 12 to 18 months.
Mark D. Millett: Typically, Michelle, banned stream -- painted products, those products tend to have a higher margin than perhaps hot-rolled coil for sure. And I think the greatest benefit that we have compared to a lot of our peers is the diversification that Dick and his team have created in Butler, gives us huge advantages in these banned [ph] cycles. I think our utilization rate for Butler in the fourth quarter was probably -- I don't know what, I didn't calculate. It was probably 90%, 95% of air bags. And when you only need to get a little bit of hot ban, a little bit of cold-rolled car, a little bit of calcium, a little bit of pail, a little of each product and we can pick our market niches to have higher margin. And the end result is the mill is running our utilization rate higher than our peers, and our average selling value will be higher also.
Mark D. Millett: Well, as I said, coming out of the shutdown, the startup went okay. I think from a product-quality standpoint, it's been significant. I mean, there's been a dramatic change, and the guys at Electric Arc Furnace shop in Butler have been incredibly appreciative and have been applauding the product quality. So that was good. Productivity has been a little disappointing, in all honesty. We've been around about 20,000 tons -- 20,000 metric tons a month in November, December, and we'll probably finish January in around about that same number. Few issues still impacted a little bit from some mechanical problems. The cold weather has impacted us, although, we've suffered a lot less downtime than last winter, and I've learned some lessons. Operating in minus 30 degrees is just an experience. My hats off to the guys up there actually. But that's cost us a couple of days in January. So we are, I guess, slowly progressing up the production curve. We've been having periods of good production, 1,000, 1,200 ton a day. So if you extrapolate that out, and as I think I mentioned in our last call, we can see a production rate of 300,000, 350,000 tons a year as being achievable with the facility as is. But that's not going to happen immediately, and we see that slowly ramping up through 2013. We've got to take a shutdown here in the spring to make some more mechanical changes and install some auction enrichment equipment. We certainly need to get the efficiency, the thermal efficiency in the rotary-hearth furnace to get to the 400,000, 450,000 tons. And we won't know that for sure until we installed that equipment.
Mark D. Millett: We are not at the absolute design capacity today. We have and are achieving on a daily basis. The throughput is at the rate of capacity, but the recovery is less than what we design it for. And that's just matter of commissioning and starting up the ball mill. We commissioned the ball mill, I think, late December or early this month, and that should give us that additional recovery. So Dave and his team have done, in my mind, a phenomenal job in horrendous weather; and that plant, that startup, is going incredibly well. And we anticipate no problems getting the volume, and the cost structure is as expected if not better.
Mark D. Millett: Sure. Just one comment on the -- that comes to mind on the SBQ expansion, we're focused there on what, 3 5/8? In that diameter? That makes up about 50%, 55% of the SBQ market, which typically can be 8 million to 10 million tons. So we feel gaining a market share of 300,000, 350,000 tons in that 4.5 million ton arena should not be a massive, massive undertaking given the loyalty and support we have from our customer base and the quality, the level of our product down there.
Mark D. Millett: I think if we are -- it all depends on transferred price, obviously. But I think, as we said in the past, we are hopeful that we'll be in that breakeven posture by year end, and I think that is at a production rate of roughly 325,000 tons on an annualized basis. Theresa? Something like that.
Mark D. Millett: Well, asking Russ this morning and his crystal ball to tell me what the scrap pricing would be doing in the next 3 months, I'd be able to tell you. Obviously, we're spread business, as you know, Mark, and it's wholly dependent on where scrap moves over the next couple of months, to be honest.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. Obviously, at the impact or the start curve at this moment in time is very steep. And so it doesn't take a huge increase in volume to have an appreciable impact on your cost per ton.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think from our perspective, we still see the potential to get to the volume capacity if we were not to be optimistic or not to see the potential there, perhaps we will have a different opinion today. But again, the quality of the material is excellent, and we feel like we get the volume to where it should be. The cost structure should be competitive. And when you look at all these different materials, whether you look at DRI, whether you look at Mesabi or whether you look at Iron Dynamics, whether you look at scrap, whether you look at the blast furnace roof, there are a lot of variables and a lot of assumptions that come to play. We still feel that Mesabi Nugget will be competitive certainly against integrated mills that have market-based ore as a raw material.
Mark D. Millett: DRI? The DRI facility utilizing captive, and I emphasize captive ore and $4 per dekatherm gas, that there are very few technologies out there that will beat that.
Mark D. Millett: I think it's more macro than that, Timna. I think the shale gas or just having gas at $4 and some would say hey, long term, gas will perhaps come out at $5 through the cycle. When you compare that with Europe, it probably -- there's probably around $8, $10, $11 a dekatherm; you have Asia probably $10, $15. I mean that gives an incredible, incredible incentive to invest in this country. And it's not the specific consumption of steel units in building a chemical plant. It's the fact that it has the opportunity to truly change the economy of America. And we'll be the beneficiary thereof through manufacturing and oil and energy and transportation, all those things.
Mark D. Millett: Our growth focus at least this past year and our implementation standpoint into 2013 has been to leverage our existing assets and try to enhance the margin and the utilization of those structural mill. I think the SBQ expansion and the supply from Columbia City, along with the head-hardened rail initiative at Columbia City is going to bode very, very well for that enterprise. And it follows -- excuse me. It follows our focus, sort of our strategic thought that we want to enhance margin but we also want to get a little bit more consistent margin through the cycle. And that's certainly going to help there. But our focus of the past year has been more internal. From a standpoint of M&A activity as we said, we are a growth company and we will look at opportunity. We certainly would not consider getting out of our discipline. Let me speak corporateship [ph] and that needs to be the capability of margin enhancement.
Mark D. Millett: Simply, no. That continues to be a very arduous task, and it, unfortunately, changes, I want to say daily, but the restrictions and the direction, the focus of the state agencies there are ever-changing. And so it's tough to hit a moving target, to be honest. But I would suggest that a permit for the brownfield mine is not going to be forthcoming in the next year, 18 months, maybe 2 years. Again, we're very, very fortunate in having the joint venture with Magnetation providing good material. Again, that's not new material. We've already used it. We've been using Magnetation type material for the past year on and off. But that is a -- and it's more than a bridge. The reserves for that facility are substantial, and the technology will be able to provide all the needs from Mesabi Nugget going forward. So the mine, it's not an essential issue to gain that permit but we do feel there's value there, going forward, long term. And hence, we will continue to pursue a permit.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think it's certainly a distraction for a lot of people. And your guess is as good as mine as to the end result. Yes, it looks right there that some of it is not openly discussed, is that the phenomenal reduction in carbon gasses here on the last year or so by the shale gas phenomenon. Utilities are changing their power generation by a large amount from coal-fired to gas. If you look at the capital expenditures going forward, they're squarely focused on cash generation. And that's -- it's a massive drop in the carbon footprint already. And it seems that the administration and agencies don't want to even recognize that.
Mark D. Millett: Michael, we've always refrained from talking about conversion cost until we have the facility running closer to design, so that we can speak intelligently about that. And I would say that the principal difference is volume. Now obviously, there's going to be some -- further work on cost compression from maintenance and all those good things. And I think we may have the transfer price appreciating just a hair, but not substantially.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. And I think our revelopment [ph] cost is coming off a little bit. As I said, incremental pickup in the transfer price. So together, we -- that's what we predicted. I mean, we may not make it and we may be better than that. But...
Mark D. Millett: For the grade and just the efficiency of the process, that yield will improve with time, but that's where we are today.
Mark D. Millett: A, we don't comment, David, on that. And secondly, again, we're operating in many cycles anymore. And we could tell you one thing tomorrow today and 2 weeks from now, it would be very different. So we would hate to speculate for you.
Mark D. Millett: I guess the one thing that which we do see the -- have consistency and that is our cost structure. I don't think given volumes remained stable, there's nothing on the horizon, I don't believe.
Mark D. Millett: I think, John, you might be amazed. Obviously, the industrial flow, those folks, the providers are very, very in tune with where the copper market is. And you're not going to hoodwink or take advantage of them. But it's amazing how even the peddler has a good knowledge. So when you're buying a car, a hulk, they're baking that the value is not only of the ferrous component of that hulk, but also the nonferrous. It's incredible how efficient the market is.
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Volume is the most pivotal thing now that we have a lower raw material input cost. And it's -- as with any pioneering effort, you don't put one in and somebody turn it on and you get that productivity. There's a learning curve. It's just the same, we put in some option enrichment in the -- this past shutdown just to trial certain things ahead of the spring shutdown. And it's a learning curve. I mean, it certainly had an effect of improving the thermal efficiency and we melted all the nuggets on the half and now it's one big plate of iron then. So it's just learning how the new technologies, the new processors behave. So we see just a continued -- well, my hope is a continued ramp-up through the year.
Mark D. Millett: Again, I used the word I think earlier, disappointing, from a productivity standpoint, because I think the experience, the learning curve from a knowledge -- from a knowledge perspective and a process perspective has been absolutely huge the last 6 months or so. And again, if you look at certain periods of time, we're achieving [indiscernible] in a row. It's a matter of getting that consistent [indiscernible]
Mark D. Millett: I just wanted to thank you, all, for your patience. It's quite a long call. Thank you for your interest in our company and hopefully, you will continue to support us. To our customers, thank you for your support also. And employees, a big heartfelt thanks from all of us here for your hard work, your dedication, and we implore you to work safely each and every minute out there. Thank you, all. Bye-bye.
Richard P. Teets: I don't think it's going to be the normal anymore. I just think there's going to be a stretch to it because I think many of the developers are more cautious. There's still a lot of vacancies as you drive around your local communities. And so I think it's going to be slightly extended rather than the normal that we've seen in the past personally.
Richard P. Teets: Right now, I'd tell you that it's somewhat random. We don't have the luxury to pick and choose when the economy is better. We do a lot more of the -- having that scheduling opportunity and the picking and choosing. But as of right now, it's random is the name of the game.
Richard P. Teets: Well, that capacity won't be added until the third and fourth quarter of this year. And so there's no impact right now. We've been out addressing the different quality requirements and certifications to get that business. And of course, there is always opportunity that applies some pressure when you attempt to gain the business. But it's going to be what it's going to be. And so we believe that the customers, I think, would be favoring us with the business that they give us with the larger parts.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think in both cases, there was some prebuy. But I would tell you that we're pleasantly -- we're pleased with the continuation of the order intake in both those arenas. And the shipments are not -- the orders that we're taking are not for a long-term backlog but for product shipments. And so neither one is -- we didn't -- we weren't robbing Peter to pay Paul. We weren't taking orders in December to ship that were really for January consumption. They were I think taking -- they were concerned about price increases and so forth, but it really wasn't a real wild "stock up at the end of the year" type of ride.
Richard P. Teets: I think in SBQ, we're always -- we, across the board, and as I read from others too that the order intake in SBQ has been seasonally good across the board. And so that's good for all of us.
Richard P. Teets: That's just a small number in our total. I can't even comment on it. We don't even talk about it at the general managers meetings. It won't be significant anymore [ph].
Richard P. Teets: Well, we're not back there. I'm not trying to give any indication that we're running strong and full, that I can't tell you what it's going to take. Again, we take advantage of our schedule, we run our large furnaces at off-peak hours and so forth. We are using things we've done well with combining products into efficient cash. We're pleasantly surprised that with the orders we've taken, the sequences, and we're doing the things we've learned and practiced over the past few years in trying to continue those in varying efficiencies and the like. And so we continue to do well even in a downturn, but I don't want to imply that everything is great and rosy. That's why when we said our aggregated operating rate is 80%, we're not full. And so I don't want that to be implied. And I can't tell you what it's going to take to get there.
Richard P. Teets: I think it's a newfound consumption rate by the end users that there was a -- that the consumption rate -- inventories has been flushed and have been cleaned. I talked to a large off-road equipment manufacturer who was actually here calling on our OmniSource group and I said, "Hey, what's going out there?" And he said, "Well, I had to make 2 budgets, one with a much more upside potential and one with a little bit more realism that it's not going to get much better than it was last year." And he said, "It's just more ho-hum. And he said, "I honestly believe that's what it's going to be for a bit more continuation within that 2013." So I think it's a realization that that's the level, and that's not the consumption rate that they were forecasting and that they were running at in the past few years when things were going great. So I think it's a little bit more of the ho-hum, that things are what they are. And without a real break in construction projects worldwide, it's not going to run at a humming rate.
Richard P. Teets: Mark, I think it's going to be -- I think we'd characterize it as a soft sideways, which is -- which could be down $10, could be up $10. I think a lot of this is going to depend on the available -- or the utilization rate of the mills, what their order books look like. Again, if our mills are the indication. Certainly, they haven't deteriorated. So again, I think scrap is there. Weather has not been a real factor as of yet, although, we're not done with the month yet. So I think we'll have to see where it goes. So I think at this point, we're looking at it mostly sideways.
Richard P. Teets: I think we will still be operating in our 80% range of our utilization of the steel mills. Flat Roll continues to be at the higher end of it. SBQ and rail structure mill like the lower end, our Steel of West Virginia is basically almost fully booked. And Roanoke, their rolling mill has built a little bit of inventory, but their melt shop is not running full because they're not selling any belts on the open market. And so that's about where we are now.
Richard P. Teets: Well, again, I'm, just to throw a couple of plugs in, I'm very proud of the steel operations that we're not spending huge capital moneys, but just about each of the operations have continued to improve their efficiencies, yield, we've had record productions at many of these facilities. And we find our best opportunity for improved performance is by lowering our cost structures. And we continue to make strides there and that's where the best bang for the buck is, is we've been installing smaller pieces of equipment, better utilization on it and on and on. All from safety right on down through quality and yield and efficiency. So I think we'll continue to see good performance even in a weak -- in a not solid book.
Richard P. Teets: I think the flows are generally stable or not. Again, they'll move -- if we get a big construction market, certainly the demand for copper will go up and the usage of copper will rise and which generate scrap, as an example. So again, I think it's going to flow with the economic trends in general terms.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think, Brian, part of it has to do with world demand. I think the Chinese certainly -- the Asians certainly have continued on a relatively static basis. The Turks have been erratic. They are the big consumer on the East Coast [indiscernible]. I think as I look at the exchange rate, the dollar-euro exchange rate, as the dollar continues to weaken, certainly I think that's going wind up making the U.S.-based scrap more affordable for the Turks. And so I would anticipate that their appetite would grow as far as U.S.-based scrap is concerned, as long as that euro stays at $1.34, $1.35. Certainly that makes it scrap attractive.
Richard P. Teets: Again, I think certainly there are spots where it does not meet the expectations of the sellers. There's spots where it does not meet the expectation of the buyer. In those cases, there are times when scrap gets held off the market to some degree, but it's not, it's not terrible.
Russel B. Rinn: I think Mississippi River certainly has had some impact. It's prevented flows out of the upper Midwest Chicago in particular. So it has added some additional pressure on the markets in the Midwest. But again, I think we should look at the scrap pricing trends, where it's going to go. It's going to follow the order books and steel mills. And I think as those steel mills and foundries business picks up, certainly, there's going to be pressure on the pricing to move it up. But at this point, it's just been kind of steady. I think Mark characterized it well when he said it was an awful year last year. I think we're -- are expecting something very similar this year.
Russel B. Rinn: Arun, anytime we can get a market that rises in the quarter, I think recycling has got a pretty good chance of doing well, which is what happened in the third quarter. We had fairly significant price increases throughout the quarter. I think as we go into the first quarter here, those look like they've played out. So I think we're looking at more of a flat market. So again, I think we won't get the benefit of those market swings upwards to that degree. I think on the other side, if you look at the nonferrous, and that market seems to have firmed somewhat, although we do have Chinese New Year coming up which generally has 10 puts of data over nonferrous. So I would -- I think what we're looking at, at that this point is a very similar year like 2012 where it's going to be -- where scrap is going to be traded largely in the range. It's not going to have the big spikes up and down, or if they do, they're going to reverse themselves very quickly.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, all I can tell you is that we still have some galvanizing capacity that services mostly the construction market. And that I don't see that being filled up in the summertime or in the fall. So I don't really believe -- I know and I understand what trends do and what they send the messages for and so forth. But I think we're still a long way away from recognizing a healthy, non-res and residential construction market.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, we don't really talk about backlogs that much anymore almost across the board, but we look at what our cash uses are scheduled at, and we continue to have 2 cash use schedule. And so if I sit out a couple of weeks, again, we've got our painted products that are sold out, out in the margin and so forth. So -- and again, the hot bands, we got -- we probably got some spots and -- in the beginning of February, that we're open and so forth. But the value-added products, we're filling up at the end of February and into March already. So again, we don't really think of it as a backlog like that, that much. We look at it from a where do we schedule the cash use for.
Russel B. Rinn: Sal, I think the inventory chain or the supply chain throughout the inventory, whether it's our yards or [indiscernible] yards or mills is pretty narrow, it's pretty thin. So I think what you're seeing is most of the scrap is being collected is flowing. So I think, again, it's going to be -- it comes down to the order books to the mills and our fabric customers and other customers that [indiscernible] scrap is available out there. I think it's just a matter of what those order books look like. So if the order books remain flat, remain stable, I think we'll have a flat to stable supply of scrap in terms of volume.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, it's fairly easy. The production, because we don't build inventory to a great extent, if you just take each of the shipments and you look down a quarterly basis what the capacity of each of the divisions, you can come up with that. And our capacities are actually in the presentation that's found in the Internet that you...
Theresa E. Wagler: I think that the first part of it is correct in the way you think about it as it really -- when you get to that, Mark talked about getting to 350,000 tons under our current configuration. But we still believe that there's the ability to get to the 450,000 tons after we make some changes in the second quarter, and we just can't tell yet. So that first part is true for the environment we're in right now. As we go through the year, because the first quarter we're using the higher-priced inventory and then we're actually ramping up and we need to take the items in the second quarter, I think 2013 is still a developing year for Mesabi. So even though we expect to get to breakeven rate, on a monthly basis towards the end of the year, that won't result in a breakeven year.
Theresa E. Wagler: No. Actually, what we've started doing purposely, Mark, is talking about our Minnesota operations. And when we talk about Minnesota operations, that includes 3 entities: It includes the nugget facility, Mesabi Nugget; it includes our mining resources, which is the Magnetation joint venture; and it includes Mesabi Mining, which is our wholly-owned entity. Right now, that value would be extracted at the Mesabi Mining, which we own 100% of. So when we report it to you, it'll all show up in the same area.
Theresa E. Wagler: Those losses are a combination of the copper rod mill and the Minnesota operations, which includes the Magnetation.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, the one thing to recognize is your $40 million that you're saying from the Minnesota operation is actually a net of tax number and you're comparing that to operating income, so you're going to have to make that number pretax. So you're more looking at -- even if you just use that 40% tax rate, which it wasn't that, you're looking at $65 million, $67 million from an operating perspective for the losses related to Minnesota.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, the primary thing that's affecting the metals recycling and ferrous resources segment really is the Minnesota operation. And so much of what we've talked about on the call are already that past to profitability. That's what's going to cause the segment to become more profitable, as well as some of the initiatives we're taking in metals recycling, even though Russ mentioned that the year in the volatility or pricing perspective could be very similar to 2012. There's other things that we're doing to enhance margins that are outside of the market arena, such as some of the nonferrous recovery systems and some the cost reduction initiatives that we're taking in certain areas as well. So there's a lot of things that we're implementing in 2013 that should cause that to improve.
Theresa E. Wagler: I do. For the fourth quarter Flat Roll shipment, we had 300,000 tons of hot-rolled, 92,000 tons of P&O, 37,000 tons of cold-rolled, 117,000 tons of hot-rolled galvanized, 53,000 tons of cold-rolled galvanized, 97,000 tons of painted and finally 18,000 tons of Galvalume.
Theresa E. Wagler: Mike, one thing I'd like to point out is, it's not a one-for-one on the amount of conversion that you use to create one nugget. It's more like, what...
Theresa E. Wagler: 1.7 to 1.75. So when you're thinking about the incremental benefit, you have to look at the tons of concentrates that are actually needed to produce 1 ton of nugget.
Theresa E. Wagler: No, Mike, we still feel comfortable with what we believe the eventual cost structure will be with both all of our Minnesota operations combined. Now we feel it's competitive for us to have it versus buying open market pig iron being subject to vagaries of what those markets are, and whether or not they're available because the weather or whatnot. So we still believe in the process. But as Mark said a couple of times on the call, we do need to see what happens with the changes that we expect to make in the second quarter.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, actually, if you look from division to division and we don't talk about it in that granularity, but the conversion cost at some of divisions were much lower from different cost initiatives that they serve whether it was less maintenance because of the holidays or whatnot and it did make a difference. So maybe that could be impacted, I guess, every fourth quarter. And we've not looked at it from that form or fashion but say that conversion costs are relatively steady, I think if you look at the impact each mill had, overall conversion costs were lower.
Theresa E. Wagler: I'm hesitant to say that it is only because to March 22 [ph] I haven't looked at it from that way but we will. And it could be just because of the holidays if that's the case. But I'll get back to you again. I'm not sure.
