Mark D. Millett: Okay. Well the equipment issues, 2 principal issues. One, the product cooler, which is a very, very long large diameter cylinder cooled device that takes the hot nuggets and obviously cools it down to about 200 degrees. We had some steel issues there and it gave us a safety issue to be honest because we had a pretty severe overpressure. So we took some time to evaluate the process, the controls and ensure that was taken care of from a safety standpoint. Hopefully, that will not be reoccurring. And then secondarily, we had some premature failure, refractory failure, on the flue leading to the off-gas system. Again, that's been seeing operations for 2 years now. That material has been patched. We anticipate a shutdown in April to complete that repair. I think back in the last call, we suggested that Mesabi operations in general will -- or the financial performance will remain somewhat as they are today. First of all, improved on a cash basis, until the Magnetation operation comes online to provide the chief concentrate. That actually has begun. As I said earlier, construction has commenced and should be online here in the third quarter. With the Minnesota operations and Mesabi Nugget operating with a concentrate and is projected to be around about $50 in total, we would expect and do expect that the operations in total would be profitable. But one must remember that there's going to be some carryover in the fourth quarter of more expensive onshore concentrate. And so our results will not be substantially changed in 2012. As we said in the last call, though, 2013 is where the turnaround will be and profitability will more than likely occur.
Mark D. Millett: We're projecting, again, subject to a lot of contingencies, I guess. But we're hoping for about 280,000 tons of production this year. From a permitting standpoint, obviously Magnetation has been permitted and construction's underway. The actual permit for the mine itself is still languishing. We would hope to see some link in the first quarter of 2013. But in honesty, your guess is as good as mine at this moment in time. But again, I think as we mentioned in the past, having Magnetation and the production of concentrate from that operation, that's more than a bridge to any of our own mining activities. That operation will be about 1 million tons a year. Outtake will be 800,000 tons, which is more than sufficient to supply the nugget operations.
Mark D. Millett: Well actually, I'd prefer to refrain from that, giving specific guidance there. Again, from a marketing standpoint, our folks are currently negotiating their own buys and their own sales. So specific movement, I prefer not to, other than I think the drivers I outlined, which suggests there is going to be moderation in February.
Mark D. Millett: The supply-and-demand balance obviously will radically change if all those added capacity do come online. I think Barry and the team and Dick had outlined in greater detail that we've done a phenomenal job penetrating some very high-quality applications. We booked certification and approvals through the likes of Caterpillar and other heavy equipment manufacturers. And it will not be an easy -- well at least the short-term market penetration for that new competition.
Mark D. Millett: I think there's some truth to that. But I would tell you that there's an ongoing improvement in the build rates and so forth that is keeping pressure on us as suppliers and providing a lot of marketing opportunities.
Mark D. Millett: I would say well into the second quarter. It's a different type of market where we almost sell capacity and we have commitments from people and they sell them on a monthly basis. But we have a very strong backlog position in both of those products.
Mark D. Millett: If I could add, as Theresa suggested, we always have been a growth company and we always will continue to be a growth company. And there are certain projects that internally, at OmniSource, they've done a pretty comprehensive overview of what they can do in certainly the organic and perhaps acquisitional, as Dick and the steel team have identified many internal growth -- capital effective growth opportunities. So I think you'll see that we will continue on a growth path going forward.
Mark D. Millett: I think the Pittsboro expansion is just, as I said earlier or just moments ago, one of several great ideas Dick and his team have identified in the steel platform. In addition, Russ, Gary, they also have some plans or some dreams. I think we are continuing to evaluate those projects across the company, but it's a matter of determining which projects will generate the best returns for the cash deployed.
Mark D. Millett: As with any prediction it's subject to being incorrect, but there does appear to be an improved underlying demand across the sectors that I mentioned earlier. Agriculture is still very strong. There really is pent-up demand on the order side. Energy is good. So there seems to be, across our customer base, not just a positive market sentiment but an actual -- an increase unto itself. So that would support, I think, continued market strength. The customer inventories across, whether it be in service center distributors, OEMs is still tight. And so any further pickup in demand will be a little more exaggerated as restocking or inventories get rebuilt a little bit. So that's very positive, I think, for the steel market in general. So the headwind, obviously, is a potential increase in capacity. RG, maybe you've got a few more tons that have come out of 2YK and you have a semi-cool operation ramping up of its caster. That will obviously in the short term, I think, give you a little bit of a headwind. But we're pretty bullish, mostly on the increased demand prospects.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I don't think necessarily we're seeing a great deal of discounting, I think from our perspective.
Mark D. Millett: You were breaking up a little bit there. I think the first part of the question was how we're going to improve our Iron Dynamics? In all honesty, they have been operating incredibly well. They continue to optimize the process there. And that cost was purely associated with, I think it was a 2, 2.5-week shutdown to replace the submerged arc furnace refractory. That refractory had been in operation for, I think, over 2 years or more. So that was just a standard regular shutdown and we wouldn't anticipate a lengthy shutdown like that for some time to come. So Iron Dynamics will obviously come around. The pig iron market at mill today is 480, 485. That may suppress their earnings a little bit compared to early last year but nonetheless, I think they will be very, very healthy for the rest of this year. To be honest, I don't think we caught the second part of your question.
Mark D. Millett: Well as I said, we first and foremost, we've always been a growth company and we will continue to be that way. From a standpoint of actual projects, no, we are evaluating everything internally. We're going to be focused on capital effective organic growth. Obviously, as I've mentioned earlier, we've got a lot of steelmaking capacity that is yet to be utilized fully. And we will be looking towards having to exploit that. And if you look at the structural mill, that ability is essentially nonresidential construction based. And part of the reason that it's -- doesn't have -- it's full of order book, perhaps, as our other facility, is that we have very little diversification market sector there. The rail obviously is helping that, and we will continue to look at the opportunities to diversify its markets. The organic growth, for sure, and we will continue to look at both greenfield and other opportunities as they come online.
Mark D. Millett: I would not. I believe -- and again, Mike, if you look at the Minnesota operations as a whole and once we have the cost concentrate going to that facility, I think the profitability and the returns will be as we anticipated originally. It's a lot more forgiving in a flexible operation than a fully sort of integrated glass flask facility as well.
Mark D. Millett: Well obviously, Mesabi Nugget today is running with a high concentrate purchased from the likes of Cleveland-Cliffs and others. That's purchased at market pricing, which is a lot higher than the sort of the premise of Mesabi Nugget originally. Also, coal is -- remains strong. The coal market pricing in Columbia is strong there. And the facility is more coal-based than natural gas based. Although we are seeing some benefits from lower natural gas costs, it's not a massive part of the cost structure there.
Mark D. Millett: Right now, with the volume going through Mesabi Nugget, I would say a considerable advantage. But as we have compared operating expense and cost structures between Mesabi Nugget running at 500,000 metric tons a year, with concentrate coming from our own facility and we compare that with a DRI facility located here somewhere in the U.S., we do believe that the iron generated at Mesabi Nugget is going to be at a lower cost structure than DRI.
Mark D. Millett: I think with any additional capacity, even if it's not right on our doorstep, there is sort of a ripple-down effect. But correct me if I'm wrong, Dick, but we're not necessarily seeing any major impact here in the Midwest.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Timna, we have maintained sort of our goal of 3 to 4 weeks of inventory. We -- even in great markets, will not delay much further than that. I would suggest though that the integrated mills, their lead times have stretched out with the increased automotive bill.
Mark D. Millett: Gary will expand on that, but, no, we don't believe in one platform subsidizing another platform style.
Mark D. Millett: John, I would suggest that we've been relatively prudent in the past and we will remain, I guess, conservative going forward and that there will be times when we stretch things when there's a very good strategic opportunity for ourselves. But I think we're approaching a capital structure today that we would like to maintain in the most part going forward.
Mark D. Millett: I think in the Midwest, in the Midwest, we have a pretty strong position. Where we are somewhat frustrated is in the Southeast area. Again, they compete with the export market pretty dramatically. And as you've suggested and we suggested in the past, the additional shredder capacity, a lot of that was built in the Southeast arena. That is where margins, at least for us, are compressed the most. And again, we will -- we're going to work very, very hard here this year to expand them. Are they going to get back to where they where in 2006, 2007? Probably not. Not in the near term.
Mark D. Millett: And it think over the years, the team -- and to be honest, I've been the head of the steel side a little bit and don't know the granular detail, but if you look at our electrode consumption, it's around 3,000 ton a dollar during the quarter. Again as Dick said, it's not going to be a material change to us.
Mark D. Millett: [indiscernible] as far as into the market and if you were to compare our inventories with OmniSource and prior, we have contracted inventory substantially with the -- and associated with that kind of working capital.
Mark D. Millett: Well, any opportunity we look at would be based on valuation and we wouldn't buy any opportunity that we would feel to be overpriced. And given what they've put into that facility, I can't see that being an attractive valuation for us.
Mark D. Millett: Just joking. But going back to the scrap question also, the one big benefit that you do have when you have that -- the secure supply scrap that Russ suggested, it gives you a big leverage when you're out there negotiating for other tons.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. When you negotiate having a baseload allows you, as I think you recognize, scrap doesn’t sell at a specific number; it sells through a range. And it allows us to selectively pick off perhaps scrap at the lower end of that range and give us some financial benefit that way.
Mark D. Millett: It certainly remains a very fragmented market. You still have a lot of small entities out there, Aldo. One has to be careful that the consolidation may help you on the one hand, but it's very, very easy for people to get into that business. The price of entry to set up a small corner yard is very, very low. So a lot of days, you need to be careful as to where you actually want to go.
Mark D. Millett: Off the top of my head, I can't -- I would want to give you an actual figure, but obviously it's going to be improved. It depends to some degree on what the pig iron price does. It's going to be, as I said earlier, it's 485 NOLA today. That's lower than it was in the second and third quarters of last year. So there's going to be improvement. Whether it's a full $10 million or not, I don't know.
Mark D. Millett: Again, we remain optimistic across all our markets, Tim. And we are projecting some growth, but I wouldn't necessarily want to put a number on it right this second.
Mark D. Millett: Well thank you, everyone. I just would like to thank you, each and every one of you for your support and also our customers that might be listening in. And then finally, a huge thank you to each and every one of our employees. You guys are doing a phenomenal job. Be safe out there and hope to see you soon. Thank you, all.
Theresa E. Wagler: I know that the tons that we produced down in Pittsboro at our Engineered Bar Products, that market tends to be, year-over-year, anywhere between 7.5 and 8 million tons. I can't speak for SBQ market.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly, yes. Considering the deleveraging and the idea about projects, I never in my history here at Steel Dynamics have been able to necessarily keep up with all the growth plans that the guys have. And so I would anticipate that we're going to continue to grow. And so as we do that, we'll evaluate our needs. We do anticipate deleveraging somewhat during this year and that's to try to maintain a more -- a better, stronger cost of capital structure when going to the downturn. But saying that, I do believe that we will be having growth initiatives throughout the year. So whether or not we use amortizable or non-amortizable debt, I can't speak to that. We do have some callability of our notes coming up. We do have a very strong bond market now and as I mentioned earlier, we're continuing and we always have monitored those markets. So I feel pretty good about where we're at.
Theresa E. Wagler: My comments on share buyback would be -- if it becomes investment return to the shareholders, that's obviously an option. But there's other growth opportunities for the company to spend the cash flows, and I think we would achieve something else.
Theresa E. Wagler: When you look at, I mean, I know you've suggested that you don't look at EBITDA. Unfortunately we do, as do most of our lenders. And what I would tell you is that we really want to stay under the 3x leverage through the cycle, so that's one of the things that we'll point to is what we're managing to. In addition to that, I know often in the past we talked about debt-to-equity ratios and where those were. I know you're talking about tangible assets as well and I understand why, but we definitely want to keep it so that our equity position is much greater than our debt position. And there'll be times when Mark suggested that we may need to get outside of those parameters for growth, but only if we know that there's the very reasonable ability to get back within those parameters very, very quickly.
Russ Rinn: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. I think part of the issue, as Mark talked about in the call, was we've spent some much-needed funds last year in upgrading some worn-out shredder capacity we had, particularly in the Southeast. And as we bring that online, we think that brings us an additional 150,000 tons or so of additional shredding capacity at our existing locations. Again, certainly at a better cost not only for the throughput, but because they were older, worn-out machines. We continue to look at other opportunities, including some downstream separation that will start this year with the Recycling division. Again, taking more metals, more metallics out of our existing flows so that we can garner more from those streams as they come out of the shredders. And Mark mentioned also the retail expansion that we've done. Again, part of that is a cost reduction area for our own existing facilities because we take some of that congested flow out of them and put it in an environment that's much more conducive to customer service. And it also makes an area that is, I guess, conducive to even the soccer mom to come in and bring her bag of aluminum cans for recycling in a safe environment where it is much more user-friendly for her. So again, I think those and a lot of our focus on working on our costs from a top-to-bottom basis point, we think that will pay dividends for us.
Russ Rinn: Luke, this is Russ. I would say we continue to monitor the market. We're in the market everyday on the buy side and trying to monitor and read those flows as best we can. I don't know that I would say there's a huge opportunity. I think the market flow we saw, it started picking up late in the year and transferred over into January. A lot of it was a factor of pent-up demand or pent-up inventories that had been built up over November and December. So I think the flow side of it, while it was good, we also had what I would characterize as extremely mild weather, which allows those flows to continue. And if winter sets in, that's just going to shut them right back off again.
Russ Rinn: Well, I think the possibility there, I think again, there's an awful lot of factors that bear on it, whether it's the level of the export market, which Mark referenced in his remarks earlier, the mill utilization rates and so on. I mean all of those things, I think, are going to factor into the flows and we're going to stretch every dollar margin we can get, as we always do.
Russ Rinn: I think as Mark talked about earlier, again, there's no subsidies on either side of the equation. It's a market this year that the -- as the markets flow, so flows the cost of scrap to our own facilities. I think the one advantage that I think we do bring to our steelmaking opportunities is we do have a pretty extensive network of yards and facilities that we are able to secure the flow and make sure we've got the flow when we need it. And our objective, as always, as we said earlier is to do that at the best economical cost for our own OmniSource location, but also to make sure we're doing things that are necessary for the entire SDI corporation as far as making sure we've got low-cost metallics going into our plants.
Richard P. Teets: No, I would tell you that even going back to last year, that their shutdown was actually at a very opportune time when the market was slightly softer due to seasonality and inventory control and end of the year issues. And then as we see the market improving and Flat Roll reentry, as well as some other capacities, I think it's fairly well timed. I honestly would tell you that I believe there's more chatter about that capacity than market impact. I mean, that's to be expected, but because it has a big nameplate capacity and it is, it's being realized at least not now.
Richard P. Teets: Ultimately, since when the market took a slight dip at the end of December and then beginning of January, it's substantially improved and we're building our backlog and very comfortable with it. It gives us a lot of flexibility as far as scheduling and the value-added products that we actually specialize in are very solid and probably double in the backlog in duration.
Richard P. Teets: You're correct from the aspect that we have monies that are being discussed for capital improvements in that arena. Some of them are internally generated. We're running trials and have had some great successes, although not ready to deliver a full-blown commercial product at this time, but it's a developmental process. But concurrently, the team in Columbia City has been having ongoing dialogue with some potential partners in that arena and we will continue to explore those.
Richard P. Teets: Well, there is more opportunity there today and we believe there is developmental opportunity in the rail market for improved products. I guess to summarize things, we use terms head hardened and premium rail and sometimes interchangeably. For each customer, those are actually different definitions. There's different Vernell [ph] hardnesses that are required. Some are more achievable than others. And so included in that build rate I would tell you is not only an improved market share, but also some developmental opportunities.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that we continue to expand both our welded rail, which is extremely long sections. It's a 1,660 feet or so, depending upon what the customers order. That's been expanding, as well as the shorter-length rail, 240-foot lengths that we produce in and we do have a plan to go to 320 feet but we're not ready to execute that. Those are only really for internal use in our welding lines because there's nobody else that really has the capacity or capability to take anything longer than 80 feet into their welding facilities located around the country. So it makes almost no sense to make them long, cut them short and weld them long again. Hence, we're out selling our welded rail applications to as many people as possible.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you the vast majority -- they were not major projects that were being supplied as we have in the past. These were basically, I think, just rebuilding some of the inventories not to excessive levels, but we have a good price. We have a whatnot and maybe tested a little bit spread between imports and domestically supplied and therefore, I think there was a little bit stronger market at the end of the year on the beam side and we actually had cut back on rail to supply to that. And now we're going forward with our new rail finishing facility and we'll refocus in this quarter on expanding our rail quarter-over-quarter.
Richard P. Teets: The vast majority is Class 1 already. And so we look at what the exact ratios are from last year. I guess I'd say that last year, about 15% of the total shipments was industrial quality and that's the low-to-quality product. That's just marketable and we are focused on reducing that. Much of that was not due to the -- I mean, we never sell an inferior grade of rail into the market. So what causes a product to become industrial grade are items like the stamping machine failed to imprint on the rail. And there's a requirement of that. And so therefore because of that aspect, nothing to do with quality or the geometric shape, it becomes an industrial. And we still have been working through -- because we again, only roll rail occasionally, we occasionally have these fits and starts and develop some industrial but our mission is to eliminate that at the category of products. And so we don't plan for that in our forecast.
Richard P. Teets: I actually don't. I mean, I don't get into that detail with them. I look at their backlog and the shipments and I never really looked at that.
Richard P. Teets: Well, we don't normally comment on it. I think it's in general that the electrode market is looking for improved pricing. But we have supply agreements in place with predetermined pricing that will languish through. I can remember when I was over Columbia City, we actually had a year's worth of electrodes on the ground during a good market because we were trying to anticipate things. And so I would tell you that it's only minimal. You won't even notice it in our financials, even from the steel side.
Richard P. Teets: I think those are mitigating factors. And needless to say, just like in the steel side, people have announced price increases and then you have to wait and see. And there is actually quite a bit of import opportunities that keep a lid on that. And so we'll have to see where it goes. I'm going to try to validate a price increase. Our goal is to maintain our costs and improve them.
Richard P. Teets: I would tell you that those are both accurate statements and it's not a concern of ours because it was such a robust -- and some of it being psychological, people were trying to make reservations that early and hence, we were accepting those commitments. We have only seen an improvement from our customers from last year to the projections for this year and it's not a concern that we claim that they were in the second quarter and not in the third quarter. And we really are expecting improved opportunities in 2012 over 2011.
