Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our first quarter of 2020 earnings call. We certainly appreciate and value your time at these unprecedented circumstances. Steel making is designated a critical infrastructure industry by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, but deemed essential to the nation’s defense, infrastructure, transportation and overall economy. As such all our operations have been operating. Protecting the health and wellbeing of the teams is on this critical priority. We are closely monitoring the COVID 19 situation and have implemented numerous additional practices throughout the Company to protect each of us. I want to thank our more than 8,400 team members for remaining steadfast and passionate. We continue to operate safely with a spirit of excellence. I’m incredibly proud to work alongside each of them during this unparallel time. We are committed to the health and safety of our people, the families and our communities, all while supporting our suppliers and meeting the needs of our customers. But before I continue, Theresa, will you please provide insights on the team’s recent incredible performance during the first quarter that should not go unstated, despite these present environmental issues along with our strong financial foundation.
Mark Millett: Well, certainly. I think as you said, it is an incredibly difficult question. Not so sure our crystal ball is clearer than others, but I will say that it is positive looking through the lens of our order book and our order input right. I read this morning in American Metal, individuals saying, well, nobody is buying, I guess perhaps they are not buying from other people, but they are buying from us. I believe that obviously energy is going to be very stagnant for the rest of this year into next year. Automotive is going to come back again, one doesn’t necessarily know exactly when, but the expectation is late this month and through May, but the bright spot is certainly is construction. As I mentioned earlier construction tends to lag market downturn, you know we saw it in 2015, we saw it in 2008, 2009. It tends to lag the downturn in the market by about four to six months, because operations or projects tend to be pre-funded and we are seeing that in our new millennium building fabrication business and our structure mill. As I said, new millennium extremely strong backlog despite some project push backs. But there is nothing real meaningful change yet and we are very, very strong, have a large market share in the distribution warehouse market that obviously given people staying at home and the expansion of Amazons and they alike that remains a growth area in all honesty. Structural rail division, backlog is currently solid certainly through May. Did see a $25 price decrease just recently, but I do believe that people will recognize that we are toughing out of the bottom of the market, the scrap is going to be somewhat stable here in the next month or two. So those that have been hanging on the sidelines not buying will likely come to market. In that arena, in the beam arena heavy structural’s distribution is certainly slowed as they whittled down their inventories, they are now prism tight and we are starting to see them come back and buy as they need. The fabricators, that business is still strong as they supply the ongoing construction projects. The rail is actually very, very strong for us at the - rail division and rebar is an addition for us. Compared to past downturns, the product portfolio of structural rail division is much more diverse today and we won’t see the debt of low utilization rate. And if you remember back in 2009, 2010 that business went to 30%, 35% utilization, still remaining somewhat profitable. But that is not going to happen this time. It is a much more diversified product one can make and so that should whether this along very, very well. Engineered bar that is seeing a little softness right there. Obviously automotive is down, energy too is down there and so that is one arena that is probably as soft as anything going on in our product portfolio.  Flat-rolled remains relatively robust, is probably too strong word. But, would tug in those operations to run around about 80%. utilization. That for us seems to be a good balance between fixed costs absorption and pricing. And it appears that we should be able to sustain that targeted output certainly for April, certainly for May, and we were confident that we can do that in June as well. So generally, I think it is obviously quarter-over-quarter. It is going to be a tough couple of months for us. But we are positive.
Mark Millett: Well, I think structural should remain in that sort of 75% to 80% range. Again, the merchant shapes, probably less than that. Again, merchant shapes around tend not to be a massive part of our earnings profile anyway, but three out of four of our principal mills Butler, Columbus and Structural Rail Division are targeting that 75% to 80% utilization rate. As Theresa said, engineered bar right now looks pretty softer than that.
Mark Millett: Yes, for sure. I think that the mill is structured or designed for three million tons is not like a conventional since based EAF where you have two casters, this has one caster with a three million ton capability. And as such it is not a matter of doing half the plant or anything like that. Nor do we would be defensive about doing so. Obviously the export would be adjusted somewhat to demand, but again the energy market are pretty tougher at this time. But as one - for those that have been in the industry for a significant amount of time things do cycle, that their market will come back. But the advantage of the Sinton facility is its geographic location, we are not dependent on one single market product. We have got around about 27 million tons of market capability. When you look at the Southwest. You look at the West Coast and you look at Mexico. And we can ship that product between energy and automotive and construction. And we feel that the investment premise remains totally, totally intact.
Mark Millett: Well, Timna I have seen the same commentary and it seems to be a little disconnected to higher actual order book and what we have seen, and as I have said quite consistently, our real lens for SDI is through that order book and through the inquiry, right. And all that remains quite strong. The analogy, if you look at the 2008, 2009 downturn, which was pretty significant onto itself, we saw the structural rail division offering pretty consistently into the summer of 2009. That was a good four, five, six months of strong sort of continuation from pre-funded projects and we are seeing as I said - a large part of our business is in the distribution warehouse arena and that is, I would say is expanding more than contracting. So I think we see things optimistically. We were also very, very realistic and I just want to go back to what you are saying about is there a dichotomy between the markets and what was saying relative to a strategy. But I’m going to ramble a little bit, I think, but you know, probably some of the members of the SDI team been in the business probably longer than anyone on the call and probably mostly leadership in steel companies. And we have seen the 80, 81, we lived through and managed through 2001, 2002, when 45% of the industry was in insolvency through 2008, 2009. We lived through 2015. So we are very realistic and recognize the impact in the market change and manage to that. And I think we have demonstrated through our 25, 26 year history, that we are very intentional, we are very disciplined, and we are actually conservative. At that same time and in periods like this, leaders and you have got one of the best leadership teams in the world here. They need to lead, they shouldn’t be seeking cover, we need to be seeking opportunity. And that is where we think Sinton is a very, very good investment, a very good opportunity, and we will continue to go down that path. That being said, just to reemphasize what Theresa said, we are continuing to reassess our order books, the market, cash flow generation, and we will adjust as we see fit. But I think it is very, very important to recognize that. Again, a lot of the CapEx for Sinton is through the back end toward the end of the year here. And it is a huge lever that we can pull if necessary.
Mark Millett: Well, I think we have got one sign and a second very, very, very close to signing. There is a preference on their part not to submit names at this moment in time. But you are right, the two of them would amount to about 800,000 tons of consumption and processing capability. We probably have another - not probably, we do have four other interested customers that have been given full packages, lease packages and those sorts of things. They just slowed a little bit because of the situation we are in. But we are confident that we are going to get those folks to. But it is a very I think important part of the overall strategy at that note.
Mark Millett: Well, certainly well regarding the energy markets. I think yesterday it was quite incredible and I’m not so sure we have had time to digest. But just in general, obviously the immediate impact is on the energy markets, pipe and tube. And that was, that is not just a COVID thing, that obviously is Russia and Saudi Arabia doing that thing. And the low energy prices will expand the downturn there that is 8% to 10%, I guess of the steel market in normal times. But we looked at that as a pretty stagnant market rest of the year going into this year and next year, first half of next year anyway. I guess the positive, well one is scrap tends to move down with oil, not for sure that the physical markets would allow that to occur in May, we are looking - perhaps shouldn’t move down in May, but we think given the physical market, it is probably a sideways market moving forward, but that may change here in the next week or two. What I do think is that the pressure on the energy market is going on in turn put pressure on the integrated mills. And I think that you have seen a pretty dramatic idling of integrated capacity, last one is capacity here over the last four or five, six weeks. And if you look back over a longer period, you know the last couple of years, there has been a much more frequent turn-on, turn-off of some of that capacity as they suffer pretty strong economic pressure. And I think a sustained downturn in the energy markets will make some of those assets - it is going to be a tough decision that ever bring them back. But I think it may as a positive may help rationalize the industry to some small degree. Sorry. And then you had the second question on construction granularity. Again, there certainly has been weakness in the northeast, but that has tended to be more projects or construction locations actually being shut down by the states. We certainly see strength in fact. We certainly, as I said see strength in that distribution warehouse arena.
Mark Millett: Got it okay. Well I would suggest that as I said earlier, my crystal ball is probably no better than anyone else’s on the call and not the whole recovery is subject to when folks get back into the marketplace and at what speed do they ramp up. From present information it appears that automotive will stop rolling back during the end of the mid to end of next week and all the way through May depending on which company, there is a backlog of vehicles, right the second so how quick recovery is difficult to gauge. You look at a past troughs it tends to replenish - they have been in position to replenish inventory and pent up demand. I’m not so sure we will see that this time around. To qualify our gain in market share is relative to time is a tough thing, but all I can say is the facilities are sort of armed and ready to go. And it is our flexibility across all markets. It is not just the auto, but all markets that allows us to take off opportunistic gains. It is going to be a while before the integrated mills just saw turning on all their idled capacity. One would imagine that they need to see some visibility and transparency for a market that is only has got positive momentum, and their pricing also has positive momentum. And that is not going to happen just because the automotive - one or two [indiscernible] brought up. So there is that time period and it is a matter of months and maybe longer at this time around, who knows, but it is a matter of months where the flexibility of electric-arc-furnace operations can take advantage of the marketplace.
Mark Millett: Well John, I would say Butler, the energy scalp is not a massive part of their portfolio. And so we tend to see hot roll coil dependence fully is not really related to the oil and gas and given the value-add diversification there, we don’t really have a massive amount of hotline to sell to be honest. Columbus, certainly has greater exposure. And if you remember when we purchased the mill in 2014 that was a dominantly an energy pipe supplier, and I think back then it was 30% maybe 40% of its output.
Mark Millett: Since then the team really catalyzed by the downturn in energy in 2015. The team has done a phenomenal job diversifying that asset, adding greater towing capabilities, adding paint line, adding a variety of high strength type of great steel there, getting into automotive, getting into Mexico. So, both the product and the market diversification there has totally transformed the entity. And so it is through sight learning today, there is nothing like that 2015 as much higher. That being said, it is probably 10%, maybe 15% energy related.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you Michelle and thank you everyone on the call. I just would like to emphasize, I’m a pretty optimistic guy and if you were surrounded by the team we have at SDI, you would have that same optimism. And it is really based on SDI’s position. And I suggest even in these tough times, and the SDI team shines in moments of challenge and we are in a position of strength. Our business model is built to be resilient in tough markets. We have a high variable cost structure, 85% of our cost structure is variable. We got a broad value-added product portfolio, and we have strong pull through volume, as we have suggested from our internal downstream operations. All that builds a high utilization rate we have demonstrated in every trough higher utilization rates than our competition. And when you have capital intense deal assets, volume is absolutely critical. And that translates into better financial metrics that to cycle. So we are still confident in our cash generation capability. We are still confident in our financial foundation and we are battling each and every day, but our orders continue to flow in. So we do remain positive. That being said, we are incredibly intentional. And we recognize that we need to be assessing markets and our position almost each and every day. We have demonstrated that in the past and we will demonstrate that going forward. So for all of you. Thank you for being on the call. Customers and employees seriously, thank you, you make SDI who we are today, and everyone be healthy, be safe. Bye, bye.
Theresa Wagler: Dave, I think that is what Mark just really tried to address. So we have not - there are a couple of things that I think differentiates us. One is that we continue to operate 24x7. And so with that, we get the orders and we gain market share during environment like this, especially as others, higher cost production is being shut down. Right now, we are still operating at a very good utilization rate across the platform. The most challenged division frankly is our engineered bar division. And that is because they are tied to both the energy market and to just general industrial. Once automotive comes back and more specifically for engineered bar, in Caterpillar, John deere, et cetera, start to operating again and I think that scheduled, the last chart sizing was toward the mid the end of May, you just start to see that crack. But that being said, it is a very difficult environment. It is just we are able to gain market share. And we are very nimble in order entry and working with the customers and that tends to make it lot in very difficult environments, our utilization stays higher. The other point is the internal volume that is not to be overlooked. So fabrication is still incredibly strong with a record backlog. They need steel, they will be buying that steel from our own steel mills. The same thing with regarding to our internal processing divisions, so Heartland, United Steel Supply, et cetera. They need steel, they will be buying that from our internal steel mills. So that helps our utilization profile and not - most of our - if any of our competitors have that same lever to pull. So we can’t give you an exact percentage number today. Frankly, I don’t know what the exact percentage would be overall, but I know that we feel good about where we are and that the teams are doing a great job.
Theresa Wagler: So Dave just as an example, if you go back to 2015, which I would suggest is last week on steel environment, that we have seen the overall, generally our operations even at that time we are operating at over 70%, on the flat-rolled side they were actually operating closer to 90%. It is always more challenging in the long product side, because there is just extra capacity out in the system as it relates to long products and because they are all electric-arc furnace based. But today we would suggest that we just have more internal levers to pull. And so we wouldn’t think that necessarily overall when you grew both flat and long has as much impact as it might have at one point in time.
Theresa Wagler: Okay. Seth, good morning. I think I have all the questions written down. So the first question is about the adding of the manufacturing businesses or the processing businesses, there is two points that you should keep in mind. One is, you are correct, it is encrypting the variability of our cost structures, but again, as a reminder, each of our operating platforms is already over 85% variable cost, but this helps that as well. The other component to recognize is that because they are buying steel and using steel as a substrate that is impacting our cost of goods sold by having steel run through cost of goods sold, which is higher priced. And so just anecdotally, in the first quarter, we had about 15% of our cost of goods sold was associated with those steel purchases from the converting companies. From a Sinton perspective Mark, I will let you handle the, the energy question.
Theresa Wagler: And as just a quick point on that, from an energy perspective last year, I think there are other shipments, about 7% was related to energy. But that was primarily at our engineered bar division at Columbus. So within that number, we also shipped quite a bit of volume from our steel, West Virginia facility into solar. So our energy number also includes solar and solar is still something that is actually increasing in demand during this time as well.
Theresa Wagler: And one other point, and - you really can’t forget the strength of the working capital for us. And the funding sources it can be if necessary.
Theresa Wagler: You know, so we don’t have exact numbers, but I would estimate that of the $1.9 billion, you are likely to have accelerated depreciation on at least 80% to 85% of that number.
Theresa Wagler: No we are not going to get too specific for two different reasons. One is that we generally don’t give that type of guidance. And the second reason is especially going into the environment that we are in right now, there is not a lot of visibility. And so we want to make sure that we are being appropriate. But I think what Mark was suggesting is that we intend to see utilization, or at least we are planning for utilization, higher flat-rolled operations, somewhere in that 75% to 80% range and traditionally even in 2015, we were actually operated about 90%. So, we generally gain market share in flat-rolled during periods of weakness. And we are seeing that today as well. And we don’t see a driver for that to change throughout the quarter. Along product side is more difficult. So in the structural and rail arena, we expect to maintain higher utilization in that 75% to 80% range because of the order backlog as it sits today, and because construction is continuing for us in that arena, and with the addition of rail, and rebar that product diversification helps our facility. Across the other long product mill, it is more difficult. So you are going to see the most weakness in our mind and the special bar quality or the SBQ arena. And then, that is distributed throughout. So that is probably about as much clarity or granularities we can provide the volumes at this point.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. No that is absolutely correct especially - I don’t know if it wasn’t just impurities like this in the first quarter, our structural rail team did a fantastic job on the construction side and pulling in volume. And if you are speaking more specifically about our fabrication business, we have been gaining market share in that arena as well and the team is doing incredibly well. And Mark point out is more specifically in that warehouse arena, but we have been taking market share and we would expect to continue to do that.
Theresa Wagler: The question relates to automotive and it relates to the perspective of as they start to roll on and we have been taking market share specifically with the European auto makers, et cetera, would we expect to continue to take that market share and what are we thinking about from a volume perspective? So how much will fuel consumption volumes or auto builds from another perspective and how much will that be down if they get to one million to 1.5 million is what I’m seeing. And then the perspective just around what do we feel about continuing to take that market share related to automotive.
Theresa Wagler: So John, just overall, to put a point on it. Last year our shipments we only had 7% that were related across the company that were related to energy. And some of that included solar. So that was a high premium grade in OCTG that sort of thing. So it is not that much of our business, either last year or today at this point. And then as it relates to Sinton, we will also be competing we think very effectively with imports and I think that is something that people should recognize as well.
Theresa Wagler: I apologize, Phil. I didn’t. I have it here though. So for flat-rolled shipment, I know a lot of you use it for your models, our hot-rolled coil and our pickled in oil shipments were 891,000 tons, our cold rolled shipments where 151,000 tons and our coated shipments were 948,000 tons for a total of 1,990,000 tons. Apologies.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Given the analysis that we have done, I really can’t put a great bracket around it, but at this point in time, Tyler it is not something that we are viewing as will be significant for us. There is definitely the payroll tax relief would have an impact, but apart from that given our expectations on operating in the different areas they are helping either smaller companies or companies that are not doing as well as we are. I don’t think it is going to be something that is meaningful at this point. If that changes, we will be sure to let you know.
