Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics' Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be available on the company's website for replay later today. Certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements that by their nature are predictive. These are intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, however, speak only as of this date and involve risks and uncertainties related to our metals business or the general business and economic condition which may cause actual results to turn out differently. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found at the Investor Center Advisory Information tab on our Steel Dynamics website and our form 10-K annual report under the captions Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors or as applicable in subsequently filed form 10-Q filed with SEC. Joining me for today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and the company's Platform Executive Vice Presidents, including: Dick Teets, President and Chief Operating Officer for our steel operations; Russ Rinn, President and Chief Operating Officer for our metals recycling operations; and Gary Heasley, Business Development and President of our fabrication operations. Now for opening remarks, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Theresa E. Wagler: It's a potential, yes. I see the second half of the year being probably some funding from working capital, but not huge amounts.
Theresa E. Wagler: We haven't discussed the actual numbers around the benefit expected, Luke, on those projects. The projects are about, I believe, Russ, correct me, they're about $30 million in total. And there's 2 separation facilities being placed. And those -- the first one should be in operation...
Theresa E. Wagler: So you should start to see the benefit from that a little bit through the rest of this year and then more fully next year. And to give you a little bit of a caveat, the returns that we look for any investments, the hurdle rates, are for an ROA of at least 20%, an IRR of at least 15%. Not everyone meets that criteria, but most do.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, there was a slight gain, Sohail. And we have that on -- within our little supplemental information. I think the gain for the quarter was -- the gain for the quarter was $1 million. And that compares to a $2 million gain in the first quarter of this year. And I think you asked one more question. The question that you asked was related to when the structural mill start to supply Pittsboro, what kind of volume might that increase for the structural mill, and I think that's 200,000 to 250,000 tons.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, the liquidity that we have right now, as I said, is in record levels. We're over $1.5 billion. We've got the full availability of the revolvers, so we're quite content with that. That allows for some growth as well. And regarding the notes that you're commenting on, there's $420 million that are maturing in November of this year. And with the strong cash flow, we're in a position where we could absolutely repay that in totality or we could decide to refinance some of that in advance. It is something that we continue to look at as to monitor our capital needs and where we see the business moving.
Theresa E. Wagler: I gave you the second half, we had $100 million CapEx through the first 6 months. And for the second 6 months, we're expecting between $125 million and $145 million.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks, Theresa. And in conclusion, I think we would like to again give our sincere thanks to our employees for their continued hard work and dedication, to remind them that safety is truly our highest priority, and thank our loyal customers and shareholders for your continued trust and support. And with that, Andrea, we'd like to open it up -- the call, for questions.
Mark D. Millett: Okay. I think, as I said, the team I think has demonstrated significant improvement since the shut down. Six months doesn't -- I mean, 6 weeks probably doesn't necessarily make a full year, but I think we are -- our confidence has been boosted. And as we said the plant availability exceeded 80% in June, which gives us the confidence that eventually we'll get to that 90%, 95% plant availability required to achieve greater capacity. The specific production rate has also improved up there. And we had an average rate equating to nearly 25,000 metric tons per month or 63% of rated capacity in June. I think the higher rates -- I don't think, I know -- higher rates have been achieved, but with degradation in quality. And as considered, with minor optimization, we estimate the plant can currently run at 350,000, 375,000 metric tons of furnace-ready nuggets per year. And we've identified some key opportunities for process enhancement that we need to address to bring the plant up to its 500,000 metric ton per year rated capacity. I think, specifically, the greatest opportunity is to increase combustion efficiency within the rotary-hearth furnace. We're losing sort of a lot of energy. A lot of CO is going out the sack, and we've identified a variety of different solutions to eliminate that issue. Half of that energy is being combusted within the rotary-hearth furnace, serving its useful whole-hearth purpose.
Mark D. Millett: Iron Dynamics is being -- is operating very, very consistently. It's producing, just month-in, month-out, of about 18,000 to 20,000 metric tons a month, of liquid iron. And I think Dick would attest it's not only good material according to the Electric Arc Furnace, but it's integral to the high productivity levels that the flat mill is achieving today.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Michelle, first of all, first and foremost, a reduction in ferrous resources, whether it be iron, DRI, or scrap, the price puts us in a phenomenally competitive position against our competitive peers in the integrator mill. So having low-cost inputs, I don't think is a bad thing. Relative to Mesabi Nugget itself, in terms of Iron Dynamics, the team there has done a phenomenal job. They're out of the sort of iron concentrate arena. They are recycling 100% of mill scales and other steel mill waste. And we believe that will continue to be a great contributor to our results. Mesabi Nugget, obviously, it's been a pioneering effort. And not unlike Iron Dynamics, I think the ramp up already though has been steeper than Iron Dynamics. If you go back and as Bogart said in Casablanca, too long ago, I can't remember, but in the early days of Iron Dynamics, we were in a startup-shutdown, startup-shutdown mode for many years. And so for the facility to have reached the 60-plus-percent of its rated capacity to date I think is promising. Relative to the economics, I think things are uncertain. One can posture that China will lose its appetite eventually for scrap as it actually starts churning out scrap in its sort of economic cycle with Nucor and other scraps-dealing DRI. The supply-demand equation will change. So again, I think the underlying issue is that cheap resources for us is a benefit.
Mark D. Millett: You would have to do some pretty good benefit depreciation [ph]. It's not impossible, but it's not best suited for DRI pellets.
Mark D. Millett: One always has to remember, when equating any of these technologies is to go to the liquid hot metal. That there are some attributes. Obviously, a nugget is 96%, 97% pure iron. It is more beneficial to put that into an electric arc furnace. The productivity of that material is much higher than putting DRI in at, I should say, 92% metallization rate, with only perhaps 88%, 89% actual metallic blend in the material. I would say that it is no doubt though given the natural gas arena, where it is today and if you have a captive source of DRI-grade pellet, that would be an attractive alternative today.
Mark D. Millett: I'm suggesting if you have a source of pellets that you're backwardly integrating into the mine, obviously, the economics there would be incredibly attractive.
Mark D. Millett: And I would agree with Dick. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty right there. But I think the inflections of late, rather unlike the inflections back in the first quarter, it's more procurement-driven than sort of fundamental underlying demand-driven. The buyers still continue to watch scrap intently. And given the downturn in truck [ph] and scrap market the last almost 3 months, they've been hanging out. They've been waiting to order. And hopefully, with stabilization of the scrap prices, as Russ indicated, we're going to start seeing stronger market ordering.
Mark D. Millett: So I think the -- it's difficult to project specifically because obviously there are 3 legs to that stool. One is concentrate price that obviously we've got an eventual answer to. We do have that higher-priced market-bought material going through. That still is probably going to flow into the first quarter. Obviously, pig iron pricing. If pig iron price, not market price, which actually is kind of the index, but the transfer price, that remains stable and up, and our volumes pick up. We still would suggest that we will see profitability sometime in 2013, probably later, rather than sooner. The big change or big screen I do believe is really a 2014 story. Obviously, the losses will dissipate dramatically in 2013, but from an earnings potential, it's a 2014 story.
Mark D. Millett: And just to add a couple of thoughts. As Dick said, we're not chasing a huge portion of the market. You got a 10 million ton market. Small bars are about 50%, 55% of that, so it's -- as Dick said, we're not chasing a huge percentage of it. And yet, he and Barry Schneider and the team have done a phenomenal job with customer loyalty and support. And they are the ones actually who kind of, not urged us, but suggested that we get into that arena because there's great advantage to them having a sort of one-stop shop where they can buy the little bars, the big bars and send one truck in and get all their product. So I think from a customer perspective, it's a compelling project. And then also, the team has done a phenomenal job penetrating some very, very high-quality applications. And that market is not one that you just turn on an SBQ mill and suddenly are able to penetrate all markets. So there's a kind of a high barrier to entry, I do believe, when you're dealing with the grades and the physical promises that Barry, Dick and the team have been able to achieve there.
Mark D. Millett: A little of what you'd call mixed [ph] thoughts more than anything, but the penetration of rail, we would anticipate 350,000, 400,000 tons would be our goal. And I think it aligns with our 2 very specific strategies of not only increasing margin but getting more consistent margins through the cycle. And as you said, there will be times that perhaps the structural market is going to come back and margins again will be massive in just the structural business itself. But given the capacity in North America today, we feel that there are only going to be short periods of time where it's going to be fully loaded, and those markets are going to be there. And it's more important for us to get consistent higher margins as opposed to an occasional peak, if that makes sense.
Mark D. Millett: I think one might see metal expansion or margin expansion to July as that cheaper scrap flows through. But as Russ indicated earlier, we're anticipating -- or at least the market looks to strengthen, and we're anticipating that strength. And that will moderate margins then for the rest of the quarter.
Mark D. Millett: Given the -- and looking at what the potential for or the potential destiny for RG might be, obviously, we prefer not to speculate as to the end game there. Although it's difficult to envision a profitable scenario for those assets given the competitive environment we all face today.
Mark D. Millett: I would say, as we've said in the past, what we need to keep our finger on the pulse so to speak and evaluate things as they come up. Again, it's difficult to envision any of the RG assets. Certainly, the RG asset as a whole, is getting a sort of a profitable -- creating a profitable position given the competitive markets we're in.
Mark D. Millett: I guess when you look at the markets, you've got to consider the supply-demand balance. The fact that imports have dissipated somewhat here of late and the fact that there's some domestic capacity idle. Obviously, that strength will change that balance perhaps favorably. But again, there's a huge amount of uncertainty out there. The markets, as we stated, are very, very fickle. And people, I think, are unsure. You have macro, truly macro sort of structural issues on a global basis that is not only suppressing real demand but is also sort of tempering consumer confidence. And I think it's also inducing a corporate reluctance to invest capital. So in an arena of such uncertainty, I don't think we really want to predict where pricing may or may not go.
Mark D. Millett: But again, that being said, we are seeing in the markets, manufacturing, energy, auto markets, as Dick said earlier, they're strong. Well, stable at least. We are seeing mixed signals in transportation. On the one hand, the indexes are coming off a little bit. Yet our customers are suggesting, "Hey, keep on making and producing and supplying the steel." Aquaculture is probably the only arena that we've actually seen true softening to some small degree. But I think that's probably more a case of it was an early construction start, early season for those folks because of the good weather, and you've got a dreadful one [ph] now. So that arena perhaps is softening a little bit, but it's not a huge market for us. I think it's probably maybe 5% or 6%.
Mark D. Millett: Again, as I said earlier, there's huge amount of uncertainty out there. And as we've done in the last few quarters, we're not going to comment on Q3 guidance yet. Maybe we will later in the quarter as we've done in the past.
Mark D. Millett: We are, on a lab basis, testing different coals, Evan. And with the intent of moving to more high-vol coals going forward, but not so sure that we'll get to the real basic thermal coals.
Mark D. Millett: I think going forward, and I know that we've tended to guide on backlog on a mill-by-mill basis in the past, but I think we're going to evolve a little bit -- we'll give you perhaps directionally where our overall backlogs are. But we don't wish to define that by division-by-division.
Mark D. Millett: I would just like to thank you all for your time today and for your interest and support of our company, and be safe out there. Thank you very much.
Richard P. Teets: I think, of course, your question has to be looked at from a basis of individual plants and products. And if you're asked about the -- what's demand been and what does it look like and so forth with the end customers in mind, and you look at flat-rolled and I'd say flat-rolled has been solid. Inquiry activity is good. The price has rebounded and appears to be moving in a direction that's favorable in comparison to scrap. I'll tell you no speculative buying is going on in the flat rolled world, as well as anywhere, but -- especially there. And so we're doing fine. Construction and residential markets are weak. But again, those guys, I think, will tend to see a slight improvement. Though I'm not going to tell you that it's a major end to our problem. But we continue to shop and buy on a very limited basis. But more activity has appeared. I think when you look at the beams, the construction world, as much as it's all been dismal or sounds like it for the first half of the year, order entry year-over-year has been up for about 20%. Now I tell you that, hey, that here in July it's fallen off, precipitously. And is that any kind of indicator left for the month, it's one month, what did that make. I'm not too sure, but we need to be paying attention to it. Our rail orders are up 8%, almost 10% year-over-year. And here in the last month, our inquiry is about 200%. And so we're making a headway into the rail market. As Mark mentioned, we've been focused on it and there's still some good projects to be done there. And so we're excited about what rail and other products that we are expanding into, and we talked about them. But they've been working on development of additional products. So that's a changing... [Audio Gap] a local [indiscernible] the other day and he said he can't end up vehicles. He said I cannot have fair enough vehicles in my life I could sell despite of me [ph]. And I'm shocked by that kind of comment just from a little guy in the local arena. So things are still fine in SBQ. I know there are some weakening in the food chain. But I think now that the end-users are telling guys upstream a little bit, "Hey, reduce your inventory [indiscernible] at cost [ph]. I know if you have it, you're going to be looking for me to make good on it, so therefore let's just tighten up. And everyone sees that big drop in the merchant bar. As far as merchants go, we're fine there. We see third quarter and forward. We're over 90% utilization in Roanoke, and we were and we continue to be. We don't always like the price and we're making more rebar than we ever had. But again, the fact is that we're running, we're running well. We don't have any unscheduled downtime. We had a maintenance outage in April for a week there and that wasn't extended because of the market in any way, shape or form. It was the product -- the projects. And we just had a couple of days down at the end of June and into July due to storm damage. But other than that, we're not doing badly there. And in fact, our export billet sales are up and our domestic billet sales are up. And so we're pleased with the operation. And going over to Steel of West Virginia it's pretty steady-eddy. Now again, either -- both our custom sections as well as merchant bars, the melt shop is running flat out -- has been running flat out, and so we don't see any concern there. And from a rolling mill perspective, we have taken a little bit of time on #1 mill. And I think that's really due to inventory adjustments downstream there, our just-in-time delivery person. And so when someone says back off, we don't build inventory. We immediately wrap [ph] to it. But on the merchant side, we're still fine and there's scheduled fold [ph] in #2 mill. So I can't tell you that there is -- maybe Mark has a different opinion. I can't see that this is a weakening trend that's going to -- forebode poorly for the second half. It's just probably pretty normal for second half buying patterns.
Richard P. Teets: On the steel side, nothing is a couple of bucks a ton anything, right? I'm putting a little few words in Russ' mouth.
Richard P. Teets: That was our projection at the beginning of the year. Approximately there for by the end of the year, we still think there's a good market in the third quarter, which I just said that the inquiry rate has gone up substantially, and we're now selling into turnouts that track appliances. And so -- I mean, I do know we're going get there ultimately, but that's our goal.
Richard P. Teets: Timna, I'll try to answer that one. We are a predominantly large bar supplier, 90-plus-percent of our products that are going out are greater than 2 3/4 inches. And so when we have such a high concentration of those markets and the largest market by far in North America is below 3 inches as far as consumption rates, and so not a very large percentage of the overall market is small bars, it needs to be acquired [ph] in which to fully complement the mill and new added capacity. We look at that -- there's a lot of extra bang for the buck in this project that we knew was justified. And let the hurdle rates that Theresa earlier mentioned, scheduled in a manner that we only anticipated running the new mill half the time. Because about, let's say, a quarter of the time is either maintenance or interference the way it was laid out with a large bar mill. But there's still extra upside opportunity there should we want to take advantage of it. But we are currently using this moment in time when, let's say, inquiries are a little bit lower than we'd like at the SBQ mill to actually go out and start doing approval process -- processing of potential orders with our existing customers and say, "Okay, what will you be looking for?" And let's already get in the food chain or in the process, the approval process for many of these applications. And in addition to that, the configure [ph] time allows us to run a small mill as currently configured, even a little more so in an attempt to either files or production runs.
Richard P. Teets: Well, the first thing is we've entered the rail market in a serious way, and we are not going to go backwards on our commitment to the rail markets regardless of how hot the beam market is. That's just the way we do business. So therefore, we've committed to it. We're moving forward. We're developing better and newer and better products. And that's being reflected in our inquiry rates and our operating rates. The #2 mill is where the most opportunities to diversify are available. Number one, because we're only running it basically half the time, a little bit more than half the time. But we only have 2 crews of mill operators assigned to it. We do have additional maintenance people and roll grinders because roll grinding is 24-hour-a-day, 7-day-a-week process regardless of how many tons we're doing. The rolls still, once they're used are used. Even if they're not consumed in the same manner as we might think. So we have the ability to expand tremendously on our small bar mill, a small section mill as it stands today. The places where we have the opportunity, if you ask, what are we doing today, I'd tell you next nothing that we're shipping is what I consider OEM-direct opportunities that we're pursuing, and most of them are asymmetrical sections that are a bit more difficult to make. We make them at some of our other mills and they give us some assistance at Columbia City as far as engineering goes. But Columbia City is now attempting to market it. And then the inquiries they've gotten, we have the crew, we can make it. And so we've run some trials and in -- it's a perfect opportunity on some of these other sections.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, I apologize for missing that part of the question. I mean, that's an opportunity number. And we look at that, I said that was the worst case for Pittsboro. From its project justification, going back to the hurdle rates, would be to have a higher percentage of the product supply from Columbia City. And yet we continue to work on the efficiencies and the output of the melt shop at Pittsboro continues to break records. And needless to say, it's in their best interest to minimize the amount that they purchased on the outside. Because I assure you that it's an extremely interesting dynamic within our company whereas Roanoke sell billets to Steel West Virginia when it's the right bottom line decision. Columbia City sells billets -- blooms to the Steel West Virginia when -- and it's sometimes at the expense of Roanoke. And yet, it's a dynamic that we have to constantly we're looking at as where the markets are, what the costs are, what's labor cost. And then for Pittsboro, that it receives some of their billet potentially from Columbia City is a dynamic that ultimately will play out, and we're going to continue to move it around. And if the structural market comes back, there's no problem. We have 4 strands on the #1 caster installed and we have opportunities to expand the second caster by an additional spend if needed, and they have the horsepower within the arc furnaces that have never been utilized and so there is no concern in my mind of missing the mark, on missing out the market opportunity.
Richard P. Teets: That's an ongoing development opportunity, and so I don't really think we can comment on it. But we're just constantly working at improving our capabilities.
Richard P. Teets: I'll try to address the current market situation. And as people, as they exist, there are local markets that we intend to capitalize on. When one guy goes out of the Galvalume market, therefore our capacity looks more backable [ph] as a Galvalume product and then as a galvanized product, and so therefore we're looking to exploit those opportunities. And of course, further east, when Jeffersonville does more Galvalume than [ph] galvanized, it presents opportunities for some of our tech operations in Pittsburgh. And they also had competing galvanized capacity that was available in the East, and so therefore it strengthens the market there. Gary and his team, from a manufacturing perspective, as we heard about them, have increased backlog and so forth. We don't supply nearly all the steels, but every bit of it is competitively bid, and we get a spare amount of that business. But the markets are improving. And as people step out in those regional markets, we're trying to take advantage of them. We want every share, every piece of the market we can get.
Richard P. Teets: Just for a record, Gary and his team, in this case, in the steel side, we look at all the opportunities there in the market and trying [ph] with an open mind, consider the opportunities that SDI could improve upon things to benefit with the equipment, with the people, with the markets and the products. And so therefore, we investigate each and every one and do not write anything off, regardless of what the circumstances or the venues [ph] or [indiscernible] projects.
Richard P. Teets: I don't know if that could be stated. I mean, again, it's product by product. When you hear about $110 a ton reduction in merchant bars, whether that overshadows a $40 a ton price increase on flat-rolled as being the object of sales efforts. And so it's a balancing statement to try to answer. There's no firm concluding answer for that.
Richard P. Teets: And to Mark's point, things such as the Farm Bill it's debated in Washington, things like that. Those are influences on our customers and they have to weigh, what's the tax rate for saw bits [ph]. What's the write off or the depreciation schedule for these large purchases that they make. Each and every one of those outside of our control influences our customer base.
Richard P. Teets: A little more color on SBQ. Much of our [indiscernible] -- very little is commercial or spot there. A lot of it is a longer term and most of those have an index arrangement. So SBQ is the least of our products that are -- or the product that is least affected by the directional movement from a sales pipe perspective.
Richard P. Teets: I'm just going to talk to the mechanics that you've alluded to, and you're correct in the fact that the buy of 1 month is normally planned for the consumption in the following month. So there is a trailing effect of the price movement both up and down. When we have, and we have since the acquisition of OmniSource, have done a much better job of being able to minimize steel mill inventories and taking risk out of that just like our customers are trying to take risk out. So it's pushed back, as Russ was saying, even to the peddler arena that's saying, "Hey, there just packing [ph] in," and therefore nobody wants to bear that risk. Many times these reported indexes on, I'd say, the 10th of the month or the first Monday past that, and usually that's the indicator that's used for the next month's direction on pricing. Sometimes it gives a reason to adjust base on the merchants. And on the SBQ, it gives a direct indication as to by what dollar amount in [ph] the scrap work. And there are other surcharges that are in SBQ are in effect, but they're relatively stable. And so therefore, it happens immediately the first of the next month.
Richard P. Teets: I'm not going to tell you how to do your job, but I'm not going to tell you that's the only indicator, but it's the market direction that is an indice [ph]. Because we use different ones for different products and some are combinations and some of the things that Russ does are not only -- there are some other publications, and so, but it's a good indicator of scrap direction and...
