Christopher A. Graham: Yes. I think that some of the things that we should take note of, our backlog as of December 31, Mark, was the highest year-end backlog, full size and value in our company's history. Our customers continue to be bullish regarding demand and in 2015, and as usual, I think our team is well positioned to successfully compete for that business. We see a lot of variety in the type of work we do, which is always good, from small things to big box to institutional, and indications are that, that will continue.
Christopher A. Graham: Mark, again, fabrication, as we discussed on previous calls that they would stand to reason that as we continue to approach more historical norms, we see the effect of seasonality become more visible again. We've seen a little bit of seasonality in Indiana and Virginia. If their backlogs remain at all-time high -- an all-time high for this time of year. More positive news would be -- while the Northern plants, we've seen -- there's a seasonal slowing. Or entry [ph], our plant serving in Southeast and Southwest continue their -- book new work in a pace that bars any seasonal effect. And again, our expanded geographic footprint continues to pay dividends, as we mentioned.
Christopher A. Graham: We would tell you that it's a fairly small portion of our business that's locked in for any length of time. That approach seems to work best for our customers and for ourselves, so really negligible, Mark. If there's opportunity one way or the other, we'll tend to have to work through that quarter-by-quarter basis. We have worked. It's kind of locked in for 12 typical life cycle, maybe 12 or 13 weeks, and we would expect that pricing to remain strong there. And that'd be great. We've taken the approach of buying the steel in normalized -- in normal times from the source that best serves that plant's needs as opposed to any subsidies or anything you have to talk about buying all internally. We tend to ask the mill to fill up and what's best for their mill and their customers and new millennium what's best for new millennium. Ultimately then, what's best for the corporation is the result. But we do buy a large amount of steel from our sister mills. Theresa is asking me what percentage. I'd say 65% is probably inside. That fluctuates. It's been higher. It's been lower.
Christopher A. Graham: Yes, I think, as Mark started out, we think the impact of the price of oil is going to be lesser than people may have thought, because of the lowering exposure, someone mentioned earlier that the mills was at 80% capacity. The folks at Columbus might say that they believe they have taken it to a higher percentage than that since they achieved over 3 million tons last year. But they recognize, as we do, the extra width and the opportunities of that -- or the capabilities of that mill, that there is some room there. So irrespective of some these headwinds, there are opportunities in certain construction products may not capitalize on certain value added mix down there. To Mark's point, we would -- no plans to desert anyone. We will add customers by pushing the envelope and even in the last 3 months, we've already expended daily capacity through bringing some of our best practices to bear there. We don't do a lot in the coated products. We don't do a lot of pickle and oil. Those opportunities are out there and that can allow us to affect ore rates as well as diversity almost irrespective of whatever noise is going on outside of those markets.
Christopher A. Graham: We are, from an infrastructure standpoint, positioned to probably build every joist necessary in the United States. As our other joist suppliers, the regional and the effective freight tends to limit how many shifts one can run in that particular region and not be in a cycle of up and down with employee headcount and doing things we like not to do. So we're running on one shift basically. Our market share has continued to grow 5 consecutive years now. I think that we're not the only one with late capacity. But I think we're as positioned as well, if not better than most, to continue to take -- to be looked upon to service large parts of increase in market, and in demand. So I guess, you can say we've been at -- we could double or triple the number of production crews but that's not it, we're not a steel miller on 24/7. But we have a lot of search capacity and I think that the suppliers in our industry, in general, are ready for a lot of growth and maybe we more so than most.
Christopher A. Graham: Well, I think that -- the good thing for our customer base is that they're able to price things in such a way as to reflect current situations, were able to procure materials as necessary without much speculation. And so everybody understands the rules of engagement. Day to day that can change. The one thing that might provide some price support is that the market and the capacity of the providers. We're running at a very high utilization rate as the joist industry now, maybe as high as anybody can remember, ever, because of some of the changes in companies entering and leaving the industry. So as construction deadlines loom, lead times will stretch a bit. We have that capacity previously mentioned so we can still take the work. But lead times tend to offer a good support, when they get extended, the way you expedite it is to do it for a price -- provide a service for a price. It does tend to buoy the pricing even if other drivers would tell you it would go other way. Demand is going to be a big lever for one side or the other in our industry.
Mark D. Millett: And I think the -- if you look at the softness, end of the last quarter and going into January and it's probably going into February, again, I think it was a combination of a strong import level. And that arrived at the distributors -- it started coming through in the supply chain and strength at the end of the quarter just as a little bit of seasonality, the tip of winter, the seasonally hit. So service centers, inventories have certainly grown, and that people just took their foot off the older -- or the sort of accelerator. I think people have also been anticipating this drop in scrap. And so people are -- they're kind of trying to readjust, tightening their inventories. They're buying currently on an as-needed basis just to fill holes, and I think it's the overhang -- that supply overhang subsides with the good demand, we'll start to see the order rate pick up in the latter part of the first quarter into the second half. If you look at our backlogs -- again, I don't want to paint an absolutely bleak picture, the Butler hot-band backlogs are around, I think, 3 weeks or so and finished -- it's around about 4, so would not in a bad shape. It's just volumes will be off quarter-over-quarter. I think Columbus is ahead or a little bit harder. They're closer to the import scenario given the Southern proximity, and they've got a slightly higher energy exposure than Butler. In total, Columbus' exposure is around about 20%, and so that's seeing a little greater impact, I think, with, yes, the Butler sheet mill.
Mark D. Millett: And just a couple of other markets. I guess, the truck trailer, material handling markets, are strong. I think that's a reflection of the large amount of freight being shipped around the country. In fact, the FCR, which puts estimates for the trailer manufacturer, actually swung. They revised their negative 6% for 2015 and actually now at positive 6%. So again, I think that tends to be positive for industry, but it's also a signal that the economy really is -- has got good demand out there. A couple of areas that we do see softness, off-road equipment, the mining, the Caterpillars, the John Deeres. They're a little light. That's impacted the engineered bar to a small degree. And then obviously, as I mentioned earlier, energy is -- affecting us all. But I think the -- our optimism is that American pricing has eroded, and it's eroded, in all honesty, a little more than you would see from plants in CRU data. And so -- whereas in November and December, the price disparity between Indiana or Midwest delivered pricing and China port pricing was a couple of hundred dollars. That is eroding dramatically. And one has to also remember you have freight expense to get it from China to here. You've got to insurance and other things. Probably, there's a $40 or $50 additional cost to get it to our ports. If we get it to the Midwest, there's another $40 or $45. And as I've said before, our Butler mill has a little insulation more so than, perhaps, some of our peers close to the ports. So that erosion of our spread, I think it's going to dissipate the attraction of import orders. And with demand where it is today, I think there is going to be a lesser -- the change in pricing relative to scrap movement.
Mark D. Millett: Well, as far as trade, I don't think there's been any dramatic change. Obviously, there are cheating [ph] unfair trading practices or there and currency manipulation that is compounding the import pressure. The termination of the price suspension, duties on Russian imports should be a positive for the industry -- sorry, for Columbus. As you know, the Korean OCTG was successful and that the line pipe filing against Korea and Turkey -- they comprise, I think, about 60%, 70% of the imported line pipe, had a sort of a positive commentary back in Thanksgiving -- around Thanksgiving time. And we hope that will be successful. That will be a big case. That not only impacts the import line pipe, but obviously, scalps [ph] suppliers such as ourselves, to that industry. What has been done on the corrosion resistant products, it remains to be seen, the timing of any action there. So again, no massive change in the trade picture at least from my perspective. Obviously, companies are -- don't always work through a-- They're also doing their own things. So I can't speak for them. Relative to acquisitions, as you can see, of late, folks are sort of throwing back some of their facilities, which has helping the industry in general. The elimination of -- or the reduction in [indiscernible] up in Chicago in the bar front is going to help, I think, our Pittsboro SBQ order book. And U.S. is rationalizing their facilities. I think that's a sign that everyone is looking inwardly at their portfolios, their asset base and see what is core and what is not. And that will provide the opportunity in the months and the year ahead for potential acquisition activity.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think that the larger line pipe consumers that we supply recognize the softness. They clearly recognize that energy and oil goes down and it comes back up, and they don't believe there's any paradigm shift that's going to hold oil down for a prolonged period of time. So longer term, I think they're optimistic. Obviously, they're drawing back their consumption in the near future. Recognize that Columbus -- as I said, we've got about 20% exposure there. In the past, that was higher, but I -- we're back to 30% into pipes and tubes, but some of that -- or a good portion of that is actually sort of water transmission, other types of line pipe, not necessarily structural, mechanical tubing, those sorts of things. It's not all energy. So only 20% of the mill is exposed there. Relative to -- I'm not clear as to what you were getting at, to be honest, in the second part of the question, but we have tended to stay away from competing from our customers. And so we're not actively pursuing, simply getting into the ERW line pipe business.
Mark D. Millett: I think it's -- I'm not sure I ever said we'll be totally full in 2015, perhaps I did, but I think it -- I'm reasonably confident that we can get up to the 75% utilization, which should be meaningful growth year-over-year.
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Well, just for clarity, on the acquisitions slide, that referred to 2013 volumes, and that 40% was not just energy. As I said, it was also order transmission line pipe, structural tubing, that sort of thing. With the growth in shipments at Columbus over 2014, the total pipe and tube exposure is probably about 30%, and that -- actually, total shipment supply went up because we had much greater volume. The actual percentage, each stand at 30%. And as I said, pure energy, OCTG, energy line pipe is -- remains about 20% today. And I would suggest that it's probably a good level for us, but I think we fully intend on diversifying the product portfolio at Columbus. And that will allow us to shift from market-to-market to optimize returns depending on the profitability of the different sectors. That being said, we have no intent of deserting the energy markets, and I wouldn't want anyone to take that away. That's going to be a robust market for us going forward. The energy down tick, I do believe, is temporary. It's just a matter of when it returns.
Mark D. Millett: I think, as we stated, that we're confident of diversifying the mix there based on our existing customer relationships. There's certainly a great deal of room to improve on the value add downstream. Because I think I also said in the past, that it's -- that's not a near term next week type of deal. It's going to work through 2015 and into 2016.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think our position is -- well, the reality is on Q4, as we suggested, would concentrate at a $50 number, we would have been at cash breakeven, even at the 28,000 tons or 27,000-ton a month rate, that being based on the pig iron market over the last 2 or 3 months. As we edge up and ramp up the production level, again, we feel confident -- or pretty confident that we can get to that 350-ish cost basis. So the future then lies on as one views the market. To your point, pig iron has remained somewhat sticky the last year. Even -- well, the last couple of last years. Even when scrap has gone down dramatically, it seems to have stayed at that kind of 380-ish NOLA number, 390. And I think time will see, over the next couple of months, where the market plays out then.
Mark D. Millett: Right. Again, historically, just on a simple ratio, is in the 3x to 4x ore. So if you take 70 -- I know it's $65, but let's just take $70 times 4, you're at a 280-, 300-dollar number. And there are periods last year, there was this more in the 5x to even 6x range. So I think, getting back to that 3x to 4x range is a realistic expectation. I've always been a great believer, the markets -- they're uncanny. They just have an efficiency to balance themselves over time, and I don't think there's been a paradigm shift that -- on a sustained basis, we can't get back to that ratio. I think the support or the stickiness of the export level, and for whatever it was, Russ, 3, 4 years, there at 22 million tons, 24 million tons, that's 25% of the metallics market roughly. That's dissipated dramatically. And I think things will return back to normal.
Mark D. Millett: No, I guess, it's just looking at the general market pricing. The spread. Our headwind is certainly imports going forward. The import pressure is going to remain. Low below the capacity, it's going to be there for some time. The strength of the dollar, in our mind, is going to be there for some time. So the driver of the level of imports will purely be the price differential between domestic pricing and global pricing. As I said earlier, November, December, the spread, and people keep talking about a $200 spread, it's a little disingenuous because you've got -- that's the spread between Midwest delivered versus China port, and you've got to get it here, you've got to insure the cargo and not only do you have to get it to the U.S. port, you've got to get it to the Midwest. So the $200 spread, so to speak, is -- kind of amplifies the motion of it all. But nonetheless, the increased inventory level, the import level, the lower mill utilization, that is eroded -- and the anticipation of a lower scrap price has eroded domestic pricing a little more than what you might think from Platts and CRU. And that spread now between domestic pricing and Asian or European imports have dissipated dramatically and the attraction or the discount there is going to dissipate, in my belief, our customers' appetite to bring foreign steel in. So you've got that -- you're going to have a little bit of a price support there. Secondly, inventories are pretty strong right now, people don't have the capacity to bring a great deal foreign import in. And you've got underlying strong demand. So surprising, in our belief, is will it drift down a little bit? Perhaps it does. But there are some support there. On the other hand, scrap is, Russ coined the phrase, We think it's at a reset point. And so for the next couple of months, could see an adjustment there more so but then product price -- and that's where we sort of imply or infer there's the opportunity of margin expansion, even in kind of a strange market dynamic that we see ourselves today.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I guess, it's just color more from our customers than anything else, Timna. It obviously depend on the level of imports in January, February and March. If they maintain their November, December level, maybe gets pushed into the second quarter. But the anticipation, again, because of that -- the price differential erosion, the -- I think some folks' expectation, is the import level will start to edge back and the underlying demand will pick up the slack.
Mark D. Millett: On the -- when you say market share grab, you're talking about our market share of the scrap annex [ph] flow? Or are you --
Mark D. Millett: I guess, I think that it'll happen naturally as opposed to us sitting around the table and deliberating and saying, "Hey, we're going to get 2% or 3% or 5% or whatever." I think naturally, we're going to be in a better position and the natural -- the last few months, the -- our integrated brethren certainly have had, at least on the hot metal side, a huge advantage. Nonetheless, even with that -- and even with that advantage, our efficiencies downstream are incredible and we still make up for that deficit, so to speak. But if there is this reset, obviously, we'll be in a better competitive position, and I think you'll see that our utilization rates, as been demonstrated in the past, will be higher than industry peers.
Mark D. Millett: I would suggest that we will, as we do every day and every month, attempt to do so. I think the market dynamic is a little more complicated than that, and we will be in a more competitive position to get our mills up at full rate. Yes.
Mark D. Millett: I want to be clear though that Columbus right in the -- or the month of January isn't running at 80%, 85%. If February and March return, then perhaps for the quarter we could get that. But it is being impacted by both the energy and by imports.
Mark D. Millett: And again, there's kind of a natural freight-regulated sort of volume for the players in that business. I don't necessarily see that we will have any great change in market share going forward. But obviously, that industry continues to grow on a volume basis and also on a margin basis.
Mark D. Millett: Well, let me just speak a little broader, perhaps for the conference integration [ph], as a whole. The team down there demonstrated a record level of production. Well, total shipments were close to 3.2 million tons, of which though about 138,000 tons were imported Russian band. The good news there is that mill is never going to import Russian band again in the future, I guess. So total shipments from the actual mill itself were around about 3 million tons. I think very, very gratifying is that if you exclude the -- without questions of canning, the LTM [ph] cash was about $306 million. This clearly demonstrates its earnings power.
Mark D. Millett: EBITDA, yes, without the synergies. And I think you speak of the synergies that we suggested some $30 million and from everything we see, that those are going to be achievable over the next 18 months. Not just in diversifying the product mix, we spoke of that earlier. That's not going to happen overnight. It will certainly occur over the next -- about 2015 going into 2016. I think the teams have done an incredible job in working together and sort of we have a plane that goes down, takes a group of our folks down from Butler and it takes a group of the Columbus folks back up to Butler. And so there's a very, very rapid sharing of best practices, I would tell you, both sides. It's not just from Butler to Columbus. I think it's occurring with a strong benefit to both mills. And it's not just on production or sort of technical issues, it's across the sphere of finance and just everything we do in business. The mill is being challenged. They are challenging themselves now that they see what the Butler mill can do relative to the gauge with the nice strength, which is going to allow us to broaden the product portfolio near term into high strength quality light gauge materials that's been a benefit to Butler over the years. And the learning curve on the coating and the pickling side at Columbus, I think, is rapid and will continue to be rapid. And those -- it's been interesting, once you get into the numbers and we talk together. They had quite a -- or they had a much higher exposure to coaters and to pickle products in the past, and unfortunately, there's been -- the past teams and some quality issues, and we lost a little bit of credibility there. I think that and working together, they are solving these problems -- those issues, and we'll gain that market share back, I think. It's a very, very positive down there.
Mark D. Millett: The off road Cat business, again, that's not just the slowing over the last 4 weeks or a 1.5 months, that was in place through the fourth quarter, third quarter of last year. There's not a meaningful downtick to their order book sort of from segmental last year to this year. Energy is being impacted but -- and I think it's running about 15%, 20%.
Mark D. Millett: Less than 10%? Okay. We've got one customer in particular there that their business, for whatever reason, is remaining a little sticky. I would say the engineered bar, in general, their order input rate is a little light. Again, people are picking holes in the inventory. It's just sort of a readjustment, I think, by everyone there. But we don't have any -- we are not losing any sleep over an implosion in their utilization -- the utilization, their backlog is reasonable right now. And once we are now getting out of the holidays, we're getting back -- all industry is getting back to work, those orders and lead times will extend.
Mark D. Millett: Our focus, currently, is not necessarily exposed. If you look at our Butler facility, right, 32%, 30% of their output is going into auto applications, nonexposed. And the focus is not to grow their automotive share dramatically but grow Columbus' share. I think they were about 2% or 3% auto last year in 2014. We are focused on emulating kind of the Butler's role model down there and pushing that auto percentage up to whatever, 10% or thereabouts, over the next year or so. We've actually put on a team of how many divisions we have? Six or seven, I think. Folks that we brought on from Dearborn, quite capable people in the automotive world, and they are making some progress with BMW and VW and the folks in that piece relative to qualifying products and getting some business.
Mark D. Millett: I think hot-band, in general, has been an issue. And I think our -- what's frustrating, our product is light gauge, which tends to be sort of as a stock building material, that standard width, standard gauges, the Galvalume. So that has impacted the Jeffersonville facility.
Mark D. Millett: Given that we're only about 3 weeks into to the quarter, I have not necessarily looked to that, to be honest.
Mark D. Millett: Let Theresa take a look at that. I've got numbers in my mind but I don't want to give you wrong numbers. So let's go to the second and we'll get back to that.
Mark D. Millett: It's like, again, I think out of the price support for why scrap remains sticky relative to ore coming back is principally the export market. And if you consider that exports reach 22, 24 million tons against the metallics, general metallics market of whatever, 85 million tons, there's a time when 25% or 30% of scrap was going offshore. That had a major -- or was a major driver to keep pricing up, in my humble opinion. That has dropped dramatically with the relative currency, Turkey and folks can buy cheaper in Europe and from Russia than they can from our shores. So we would surmise that the export market is going to -- is coming down and will stay down. You couple that with reasonable inventories gone into the fourth quarter, quite a downtick in utilization at the end of the fourth quarter going into January. Ample flow. I mean the weather has not been -- not been bad, it's been a little gray around here, but the scrap keeps flowing. And you're actually getting scrap imported today at a much higher level than ever before. So if the -- I think you've got a sort of a perfect storm. Demand has dropped off dramatically and supply isn't as strong. And that imbalance is, I think, going to reset that market.
Mark D. Millett: I think -- and I'll let Russ -- Russel, this one, answer after me. But I think you're right, the floor of scraps will obviously be set by the flow of obsolete common to the yards. Scrap has been elastic. I'm not so sure it's so elastic that you're going to down to $200 a ton. But I think there's substantial room to move from where it is today and where it has been in the fourth quarter.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I just would like to thank all those that's still on the line. Thank you for your support and your interest in our company. To our customers, we will continue to -- and I continue to commit to you that we will try and create greater value for all of us. And to our employees, thanks, guys and girls, for doing a phenomenal job. We are the best in the industry, you demonstrate it clearly, and just be safe right there. Thank you, all.
Russel B. Rinn: Scrap prices, I think, again, are impacted by global issues, exchange rates policy. And as we see our customer base in the marketplace, they're all faced with the same issues that our own mills are faced with, and that's the threat of imports that has grown exponentially therefore affecting their worth. At the same time, we don't have the ability -- or the scrap industry has lost the ability to competitively export because of the strong dollar and their -- the pricing level. So I think, as I see the reset button, it's going to have to get to a point where some of those exports come back. And where it gives our mills -- our old mills, the U.S. Mills industry, an opportunity to compete with foreign competition to some degree. And that's not dollar for dollar, it's not ounce for ounce, but it is just a global market situation. And again, economics are going to drive it.
Russel B. Rinn: Some amount of it but as we do with all mills, we supply some amount internally and a significant portion externally.
Russel B. Rinn: This, as Chris talked about it, it's a market-driven situation. And again, you're looking -- scrap, in large part, is -- will flow to its logical freight haul creating such a big issue of all scrap that, again, the distance will make a difference to some degree.
Russel B. Rinn: Tony, I think that certainly, there will be some impact to it, again, it will slow to some degree. Again, until the export market starts coming back up being meaningful part of it, there's plenty of scrap around in the system. So yes, there will be some slowing down. Again, a different price level brings up different levels of scrap. But in the end, until we get to a point where exports are a viable alternative or a more viable alternative, the flows or the availability of scrap is still in oversupply in the United States.
Russel B. Rinn: Well, we look at everything, Tony, as it applies to how we support our customers in our mills. And so we do have -- on the case, I think, we talked a little bit earlier, we have had opportunistically taken advantage of some of those opportunities. So we look at everything. Again, that's part of our business is to deliver the best low cost scrap to our customers.
Russel B. Rinn: So I would tell you that, again, I think there is -- there does become a point where economics will come into place from the collection standpoint. In other words, you get to a point, where it is not economically viable for the dealers or the peddlers or those guys to collect scrap and sell it, because they can't make a return. So again, I thought the economics will drive what that is. So again, mathematics could tell you it's going to get here or get there, but I think in the end, it's going to be those market dynamics that are going to set that low.
Theresa E. Wagler: We actually prefer not to talk about that. We would tell you that what's left in Minnesota from a material value perspective is what we believe is the fair value of the asset. And that includes all 3 of the facilities.
Theresa E. Wagler: As far as within what we have on the ground from a scrap perspective, we tend to always add and keep about 3 or 4 weeks on the steel side, and so that tends to be -- the way we factor it and the way you should model it, the 1 month lag. So what you buying in one month, you kind of get the benefit in, in the following month. And regarding the relationship between iron ore and scrap, I'll let Mark or Russ talk to that one.
Theresa E. Wagler: And the thing I would add is that there is additional margin expansion capability, both through lower raw material costs with the support of higher pricing given the high demand, but also incremental volume going through the New Millennium facilities is exponential to the margin because the cost compression, it's just pretty astounding how volume impact their margins. And there's margin -- I would -- Chris, I also put words in your mouth, the margins can expand from where they are today.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. Phil, I'm actually going to, at commercial perspective, going to combine both Columbus and Flat Roll, and were going to be a little more summary in the level. For hot-rolled and P&O, in the fourth quarter, we shipped 916,000 tons. For cold-rolled, we shipped 95,000 tons, and then for all other coated products, which include painted, Galvalume and galvanized, we shipped 447,000 tons, for a total of 1.5 million tons.
Theresa E. Wagler: I guess, I'd reiterate. As a company -- from a company perspective, and if you look at our steel-making capabilities, we're only about 8% in total specifically energy-related. So it's not -- I think we need to keep that in mind. And no, I don't think you should look at rig count and try to correlate that to our volume.
Theresa E. Wagler: And Aldo, for steel, we have about 3,700 people; in mills recycling, we have about 2,300 people; and fabrication, we have about 1,200 people; and then the remainder, even though I wish they were corporate, they're not. A few corporate but they're mostly the JVs.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro: Right. Okay. And my second question, Mark, is a little bit philosophical again. Nucor came out and said they expect scrap to fall. But I'm just wondering, have you heard any good reasons in the marketplace from a supply and demand perspective why that would happen? Because I'm just thinking that the strength in the dollar, I think, was the major driver on what happened in steel and scrap, I think, since around the early part of December and I'm wondering if you see anything else that changed that maybe drove scrap higher than it normally would be? Or something that you see that might change that would drive scrap down all of a sudden.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro: Well, it feels like Nucor is just saying, "Hey, you guys at OmniSource better cut the price to us and we're not going to cut steel prices and everything resets and margins get better." I don't know.
Aldo J. Mazzaferro: I was just saying it's funny how Nucor suggest that that's going to fall when they're really kind of saying that OmniSource is going to cut price to us and they're not going to give it back on steel price. But --
