Mark Millett: Thank you, David. Good morning, everybody. We certainly appreciate you all joining us for our first quarter earnings call today. As you read, once again our teams achieved a solid financial and operational quarter. It was highlighted by most importantly, a consecutive quarter of significant safety improvement. 82% of our facilities were incident free and most importantly, our piece of focus appears to be minimizing severity rate. We had record steel shipments of 3.3 million tons and adjusted EBITDA generation of a strong $950 million. Sinton's performance is showing improvement with a clear path to profitability in the second quarter '23 given the expectation of increased volumes. And we are also making great progress on our aluminum flat rolled investment. There's great excitement within the prospective customer base for a new and innovative supply chain solution. As always, I'm incredibly proud of our teams. They are the foundation of our company and they drive our success. It is their culture of excellence and the intentional diversification of our product portfolio that allows us to maintain higher utilization rates and maximize opportunities, resulting in higher lows and higher highs through all market cycles and producing superior financial metrics. However, for safety, great financial performance is of no import without having our team safe. Often, employees are described as a company's most important resource. But for us, for Steel Dynamics they're more than that, they're family. And now we number over 12,000 strong. We're focused to provide the very best for their health, safety and welfare. We're actively engaged in safety at all times, keeping it top of mind and an active conversation at every level of the organization. With that focus, as I mentioned, the teams safety performance further improved in the first quarter '23. But there's more to do, and we will not rest until we consistently achieve our goal of zero injuries throughout our organization. So with that said, and before I pursue the quarter, Theresa.
Mark Millett: And just for clarity, when we say that the backlog isn't peak pricing, the sustained backlog, that's kind of extending out is at very, very, very good past pricing. The new pricing coming in, as you mentioned, is off a little from that for sure, but relative to a historic basis, it is way, way higher than historic norm.
Mark Millett: Certainly. Great question. I'd say if you look at the first quarter and certainly the fourth quarter, you had -- you might say a couple of extraneous impacts from a cost perspective. We obviously have higher price pig iron coming through, given our order early last year, second quarter of last year with the Russia and Ukraine sort of crisis. So that is peeling out now through the first quarter and a little bit in April. In anticipation of early startup of the downstream lines, we bought substrate, and again, that was at higher pricing, and that had to come through the system, and that is essentially sort of out of the system today. So we were carrying that sort of burden in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter, and some of it will come into the second, but it's substantially reduced. Obviously, the main principal driver is volume. Volume, volume, volume drives the successful performance of any major capital asset, and certainly a startup asset such as this. We were at 56%. And our confidence in the technology, I think at least for me, is driven by windows of absolute amazing performance. Where we've had shifts, we've had weeks. We're at 75%, 80% of capability already. If you look at sequence lengths, which we and our industry for sure is an indication of the effectiveness of the teams and the equipment. We're averaging, I think a little over 13 heats sequence. We've been as high as 22 heats, 23 heats, and each heat is whatever 200, 210 tons per heat. My mind amplifies the capability of the asset. We just have to get the reliability of all the equipment. And again, as you know, Curt, it's in line. So the melt shop, the ladle furnace, the caster, the rock and mill, the finishing mill, everything has to be running in unison. And we're getting there with the segment bearing and role issue behind us, not hindering us. I think we're looking for a sort of a step function improvement here in the next month or two.
Mark Millett: Slowly, I think the -- again, as I said earlier, I'm expecting a step function improvement in the second. I'm sorry.
Mark Millett: I would suggest that it's and that's a great question in honesty, because we're wrestling with that. Ourselves right now to be honest, and trying to understand fully the -- some of the approval certification process of can sheet as opposed to auto sheet. The fact that we're creating slab ahead of time will aid that, and the fact that we have on the automotive side some very, very good relationships with two or three key auto producers that are seeking our aluminum. And I think that will accelerate that certification process. So, from the standpoint of actual ramp, it would imagine it wouldn't be too much different than you would expect for any facility. Sort of 50% for the first 12 months, 80% for the second 12 months, and then ramping up thereafter. That would be probably as good estimation as I would suggest to you.
Mark Millett: Certainly garage door is off a little, Timna, for sure, in concert or in parallel with the residential erosion. But typically, as you see -- typically as you see the housing market come off. You see the replacement business go up. So it's not one for one, but it is off a little bit. The warehouse market. I think when you're talking about warehouse market, I'm assuming you're looking at the sort of distribution warehouse type facilities.
Mark Millett: Obviously there's been a lot of focus on the fact that Amazon overbuilt. Amazon wasn't a principal customer of ours. The other warehouse distribution organizations are not off to that same degree. That said, cloud computing pharma is very, very, very strong. And as Theresa mentioned, you're starting to see true sort of reshoring sort of industrial manufacturing growth, the Tesla's of the world, the battery facilities, that sort of thing.
Mark Millett: We're really excited with the ramp up of the galvanizing down at Sinton. We do have to feed our paint lines right now, so we are working automotive discussions and trials into our production plants, but we're also anxious on making sure the whole plants operational. All these units starting together. We want to feed the paint line, we want to feed our broader range of customers in the galvanized. We're really excited about the capabilities that we've seen in the galv line itself, paired with our technology on the hot side. So we are excited about the surface quality especially. That was one of the big decision makers for us. And to this point, we're really excited. We have not begun actually putting material into automotive plants, but we're engaging with customers that have entrusted our future with them and they're excited they come to the shop and they see a path. So our technical teams are very much in discussions there and very much complemented with our Columbus operations that are doing the workhorse of the automotive today. So we're excited to see it, and I think it has to happen at a pace that technical people are comfortable with, so that we can -- once we earn that business, we can entrust it with them that we're going to be shipping a good product into them. And obviously, Timna, the -- my watch has gone off, sorry? My ears are such that I don't hear high pitched voices. Well, definitely voices, but any sound. So if you heard my watch alarm, I apologize. But Timna, I think the auto penetration is going as planned, though. And if you look at the strength of our business model, the strength of Sinton itself, it's a very, very, very diversified product portfolio. And we can leverage different market segments and give us greater optionality. So currently the energy is incredibly strong. OCTG market line pipe is strong, and that will continue. I think, for the rest of this year, going into the next year, particularly with the infrastructure build out. And we're seeing actually, and it's surprising us a little bit, perhaps, but the energy markets for heavy plate or heavier plate, heavier products anyway, that we produce at any of our other mills, that is something that we're starting to leverage, particularly now we've got the caster issue behind us and can go up to full 1-inch thick. So we can sort of dance and work through or work around the different market segments. To be honest, that's the strength of Sinton. It's the strength of all of our flat-rolled facilities.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the AMSA situation certainly is aided both not just the Mexican market, but the U.S. market, because Mexican output and capability has been sort of focused or redirected squarely within the Mexican market itself. So that's helped us. I think the customer base of AMSA is when you go through a shockwave like this, you sort of reflect on your future. And I think they see a need for optionality. But even when AMSA comes back, I think we're confident, in all honesty, of maintaining a lot of that business. So it's been very fortuitous for us.
Mark Millett: I want to emphasize the obvious here, because we all tend to sometimes focus near-term, but the New Millennium fabrication business as a whole is incredibly important, A, for pull-through volume, particularly in softer markets, as we said earlier, allowing the higher utilization rate through our steel mill. But it's also in this environment, maybe as steel pricing comes up, you get a little bit of squeeze and vice versa on the other side, opposite side. But there's a very strong natural hedge to our business here, and we've been very intentional with our growth into sort of value add, sort of diversification of our portfolio and the businesses that we grow to try and mitigate that volatility of through-cycle cash generation and not be as cyclical as we once were maintaining higher highs and higher lows, for sure.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, for the standpoint of our increase in volumes, I would say yes, we are picking up market share. The geographic location of the Sinton, Texas plant is pivotal. Obviously, that was an underserved market. We have access into Mexico now much, much, much cheaper than any other U.S. mill to the tune of, well, we can get it down there for $40 -- $30. Yes, $30 sorry whereas if you're bringing it down from Northern Indiana, it's probably $100 plus. So there's massive geographic sort of advantage for that mill. And we're picking up, as I said, Mexican market. We're picking up energy again because of that location, OCTG and line pipe. So that is one sort of driver, the second driver, I think and I got to applaud the automotive team. They've done a phenomenal job over the last two or three years. The traction there is amazing, particularly with the European auto producers and we're favored because of our carbon footprint and our sustainability sort of profile. Our mills will be, they report, not us, but they report that our Columbus facility for instance, and our Butler facility are probably some of the lowest facilities or carbon producing facilities in the world. We're gaining a lot of market share from that. I think that those are probably the principal gains there. And then on the aluminum, firstly, there is a substantial supply deficit. That industry in can sheet and aluminum is reliant on a very, very large portion of imports today. So we would intend or believe that our low cost position, our efficiency and our commercial approach will be very, very well received and will offset A, some of those imports and B, pick up the share of growth in that industry. You mentioned kind of the steel aspect. Having aluminum in our portfolio gives us the advantage, I guess, if there is a steel decline in any one area with a pickup in aluminum, we can we can penetrate that or take advantage of that.
Mark Millett: Sorry, sorry, sorry, where is it going? Again, the facility is not -- in this case, unlike our start in and steel, we're not revolutionizing the technology necessarily. It's absolute state-of-the-art technology for sure. But it will have the same capability of any high class new aluminum facility in the world. So both unexposed and exposed.
Mark Millett: And actually, John, if you're within about 100 miles of any of our facilities on March the 15th, you would have heard the shout and screaming and the crying as to the amazing thing that is and it's massive, massive, massive boost to our employees. And as I tell each and every one of them, it is not a gift. Each and every one of them has earned that profit sharing check. So sorry that's profit sharing. Relative to investing our wealth, so to speak, scrap iron sort of backwardly integrating is not a primary target, certainly iron is certainly not a target at this moment in time. We will and we are looking at options for during a strategic supply of our own pig iron, a green supply, so that's ongoing but not a massive capital expenditure once we move forward with that. On the scrap side, we are spending money on segregation, different ways of cleaning up all the different scrap flows to maximize, a recycled content in the aluminum business and also to reduce the residual level of the obsolete flow again to supplant some of the prime scrap. And that's working out incredibly well, particularly when there's a good spread between obsolete and prime. Not only are you securing a flow of prime scrap, but the cost impact is very, very, very significant reduction in cost or savings. But again we are -- smaller, smaller investments in segregation there, you see us spend a few dollars expanding our scrap footprint in the Southwest, but we're not talking about anything that's going to impact the balance sheet. In all honesty, we expect that that cash flow to continue. And we will continue, I think just the same cash allocation strategy that we've had in the past with a strong balance sheet, huge liquidity, it allows us to have a balanced perspective. We'll continue to have a positive dividend profile. You saw us increase, was it 25% here earlier this year. We'll continue to repurchase our shares. We think it's still at an incredible value today, sure. We're continuing with the organic growth. We got the four coating lines going in, start up later this year. We got the aluminum project and the team for 30 years have continually found good, cost effective, high returning organic growth projects. And there's a bunch in the pipeline there. And obviously, we continue to review the sort of M&A activity as it comes across our desk. So we're very, very blessed for sure.
Mark Millett: Super, thank you. Well, again for those that are still on the call, I just want to appreciate your time today. Appreciate your support for our customers. Thank you, thank you, thank you. We can't do it without you. And to our sure, our team, each and every one of you, you do an absolutely phenomenal job each and every day. And just do one thing for us and me personally, be safe, look after each other. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Emily. It's a great question. And there was seasonality in the first quarter, but there was also some movement because some of the customers are experiencing supply chain constraints as it relates to construction labor and as it relates to materials. And so it's just simply pushing out orders. It's not changing the entirety of the volume itself. So the order backlog with some of these projects has actually pushed out even further than into that October, November time frame. So it's a shifting of volume, I guess is how I would phrase it. As Mark mentioned, and I mentioned in my notes as well, March was an extraordinary order entry for our steel and joists deck business. And that really is, I think a testament to the strength of that market today. And if you think about the benefits that are kind of outside of just normal construction arena, if you think about manufacturing that has momentum behind it because of the Inflation Reduction Act, because of the infrastructure program, manufacturing onshoring et cetera, we really expect our fabrication business to experience very strong volumes this year as it's supported by those extraneous additional tailwinds, if you will.
Theresa Wagler: Curt, you're trying to be tricky. You know, we won't give EBITDA per ton, but I appreciate you trying. As it relates to the order activity, to give you a sense of it, it was well more than double the order activity that we've seen kind of in the more recent time frame, January, February, December time frame. So it was incredibly robust. And most of that activity came from what I'm going to call industrial and manufacturing related business. So I think one needs to keep in mind when people talk about nonresidential construction, I think they like to hone in on office space. And there's many other categories as it relates to what would impact steel joists and deck demand. And that's where we're seeing a lot of momentum. So that order activity for us is very much focused on those larger projects. And I think that's where the funding from those projects, a lot of the times are actually already funded. They're not bank funded, but they're project oriented funding from large corporations themselves or now there's public funding support as it relates to decarbonization efforts and the Department of Energy and the excess funds that will be coming in those arenas as well. So there's a lot of extra things, I think that will support the volume going forward. But for us, it's primarily in that industrial manufacturing base at this point in time. As it relates to pricing, the commercial teams would be very upset with me. Barry is laughing, if I were to try to give any commercial guidance at this point, I would tell you that as we've said in the past, the average price in the entirety of the order backlog is still very high from a historic perspective. It's not at the peak pricing that we saw, but it's very much aligned with what we have seen for the entirety of last year as an average.
Theresa Wagler: Just as a reminder, on through cycle basis, we still believe very strongly that sitting, when it has four of the value added lines operating, we'll have a through cycle EBITDA in the range of $450 to $500 million per year. So that outlook hasn't changed. So it is a significant benefit long-term. It's just a matter of this year.
Theresa Wagler: Carlos. Thanks. I know everyone's trying to figure that out. And what I would say to that is, yes, we do believe that going forward, we're going to have -- there has been a structural shift and change in how the commercial aspect of the steel joist and deck business has materialized in the last two years, if I would say it that way. And the change is that, first of all, there's considerable volume and we believe that demand is going to stay in place for a considerable amount of time. There's limited supply. So in today's environment, and I think in the future environment, it's not so much as looking at just a product itself. But this is a highly engineered product, so it's looking at a product as well as a service. And that service is requiring time on the mill or time in the facility itself. And that has a value. And that's what now has come to the force that the customers understand there's a time element and a service element, as well as a very highly engineered product set. So we believe those are structural changes. And I think that that came to bear and was proven in the second half of 2022 when steel prices actually were being reduced pretty significantly. And we think an overcorrection. And yet we had increasing pricing within our steel joist and deck facilities themselves. So we do believe there's a structural change. I can't help you more than that. I would tell you that we expect very strong volumes this year to be comparable to last year. And I think that we've told you we've got an order backlog that goes out into October, November, and it has a significantly higher price. And that price is not too far off of what the average pricing would have been for 2022. So I think we've given you a lot of data points to hopefully help you with your estimates.
Theresa Wagler: Thanks, Tristan for the question. Yes, as it relates to volume, I mean traditionally, you're always going to have your strongest construction months and project months and quarters in the second and third quarter. So we absolutely would expect to see stronger volumes in that time frame for our fabrication business, as well. As it relates to cost, we generally sometimes it changes, but we generally keep around eight weeks or so of steel on the ground for our fabrication business, uniquely, we use primarily flat rolled steels, a little bit of merchant steels in the process. So if you can kind of follow that bouncy ball with how you feel the pricing will look going forward and what's done in the recent past, and that should give you some inclination of how the metal margin will move pushing forward into the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, so as we talked about it, there was a lot, there was a significant amount of working capital build in 2022. Much of that was not structural. It had to do with us layering on some additional raw materials with pig iron, some additional substrate that Mark mentioned. So we have been able to work through most, if not all of that. We still expect to have some working capital give back as we head into the second quarter, as we kind of still right size some of our inventory levels, et cetera. So it may not be as significant of a benefit as you've seen in the last two quarters, but we definitely think working capital will be a funding source heading into the second quarter.
Theresa Wagler: John, I'll take the last one. That's a simple one. We have a companywide profit sharing plan. That's how we provide for retirement for all of our 12,000 people. And it's simply 8% of pretax earnings. And since we had a record 2022, we were able to give all the employees $422 million in total. And that payment went out in March. So that's the reason for the significant change.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. Well, I mean, you could do it that way, but in actuality, it comes out in March. But, yes, you could look at it that way.
