Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. As always, we appreciate and value your time with us this morning. But first I'd like to thank the SDI team for delivering a solid quarter, despite a challenging pricing environment and congratulate them for their continued innovative passionate spirit that continues to drive this phenomenal company toward excellence. It is gratifying to see our teams continue to break records, create new products, and find new ways to be even more productive, cost-efficient, and safe. But first, to begin the morning, Theresa will provide insights regarding our second quarter results.
Mark Millett: It is in -- relative to the galvanizing expanded volumes, I think we said 450,000 tons in the past to 550,000 tons. Obviously, our past commentary was way before the real detailed conversations with equipment suppliers, and also just internal debate with design -- with our own talent, and we just believe that 550,000 tons for the anticipated line is reality for that line, and certainly going to be absorbed by the market play.
Mark Millett: Well, I think obviously the principal pressure has been the destocking of the supply chain. And to be honest, as I talked with customers over the past six to seven months, some of them since December, people have been a little surprised in all honesty that the pricing dropped as far as it did in the first place, because underlying demand we believe and I think all our customers believe, is generally intact, and as we said it’s very, very constructive. So, you're seeing a couple of sort of boiled down the price increases. I think you probably saw the public price increased again -- the additional price increase again yesterday. The indices have come up to around about $550-ish today from a low of $505 in June. The future -- September future is around the $605. I do believe that the recent price increases will certainly achieve, if not exceed, that future level.
Mark Millett: Okay. Well, firstly, we would anticipate obviously firms' on-site work occurring later this year, but true construction not occurring until early next year after a permit has been put in place. We're expecting technically that we'd get a permit first quarter of 2020, give or take a little bit. And relative to the market for Butler, I think, if I could kind of expand a little bit on that, there's been some criticism lately that, I guess, as to the expansionary plans of the -- in general. I just want to clearly sort of state that this project, this opportunity is really differentiated. It certainly brings a combination of technologies and dimensional capabilities that is unsurpassed and largely unavailable in the U.S. today, that the energy pipe producers -- a lot of material through a necessity is being imported, because we just don't have the quality and capability within the United States. So I would tell you that the mill isn't just adding domestic capacity. It's more of an import killer. The substantial amount of material flowing through the Port of Houston. And it's going to allow the pipe producers in the area for the first time in a long time a competitive supplier of scrap or hot-rolled coil to compete with the Korean and other pipe importers. And as I said earlier, there's about -- in 2018, there's about 2.4 million tons of OCTG and about 1.5 million tons of land pipe came in, competing with our American pipe producers. That's because they just have -- they didn't have a substrate to use, competitively priced substrate. We think that we're going to compete admirably, to be honest, on the import side of the business. As I suggested, the rearrangement or redirection of the product of Columbus is going to essentially eliminate our ability to supply about 400,000 tons of hot-rolled coil products into Texas. That will coincide with the start-up of the mill, so there's kind of an immediate base loading just from our current product mix. We have a growing automotive volume into Mexico, especially through the BMW and other European providers through U.S. Steel Supply. I think we have an immediate growth opportunity for more pre-painted Galvalume. There's roughly -- there's about 250,000 and 300,000 tons of Galvalume that came through the Port of Houston last year. And obviously, we'll be able to compete to that. And then, finally, we have had considerable and, I think, there are actually more than considerable, incredible amount of interest from our customer base. Those in the industry are incredibly excited to have a regional producer in that area and we have numerous steel consumers, both pipe producers, steel service centers, distributors, processors wanting to locate or co-locate in that region. And I would imagine that we can achieve very, very quickly the same model as we have in Butler where I think we have 500,000, 600,000 tons of sort of on-campus consumption. So, I'm confident that we can ramp-up the mill very, very quickly.
Mark Millett: I'll take the plate one first before I forget. The 5.5 inches, it's the cast section we're going with a much thicker section than any other electric-arc-furnace space mill in The States today if not the world to be honest. And that allows you to do sort of metallurgical things, thermal mechanical rolling, greater reductions to have better surfaces. The actual finished product maximum thickness is 1-inch, so 1-inch hot-rolled coil. So, it's not 5.5-inch plate.
Mark Millett: So, it's the 1-inch coil plate that we could process or have processed into sort of cut-to-length then plate. And maybe if you look at the plate market there's an 84-inch range. We should be able to supply 100,000 tons, 200,000 tons of plate I would think at least one would hope. On the ramp-up, again, starting up in mid-2021, I would hope to be in 2022 around about 75% 80% of its rated capacity. And then relative to the value add given that we have hot-rolled coil substrate available at Columbus throughout our organization, we will attempt to accelerate the galvanizing line and pre-paint line and that -- Glenn's want to fringe, but I would imagine that's going to be the first half of 2021 as a start-up.
Mark Millett: Let's try, our color really matter, but I believe other areas would be the --the prepaint Galvalume that's been a market that has been highly pressured by imports particularly Vietnam and that iron circumvention action here recently was certainly holding that the rest of 250,000 tons of new product in that area. You have directly about 1 million tons down to Mexico through automotive HVAC and appliance. Now that's today a 15 million ton, 16 million ton market about 7.5 million tons are currently imported. And even with the increased capacity announcements there, that market is kind of dislocated, but they just don't have the product capabilities for the [indiscernible] today. So even with their internal expansions, we see considerable opportunity of the years ahead for that one million tons.
Mark Millett: I guess one has to assume that it's coming to an end because the customers are back in the marketplace as pricing is appreciating today, the order activity input rates are increasing and lead times are extending. And if you consider that with the destocking imports will continue to erode for the rest of the year and we believe the second half demand will be modestly above into the beginning half of the year. So I think that will pressure the market into upward price momentum and increased order rate.
Mark Millett: I think the -- any one of the significance or materiality would be electrodes Phil. And as Barry laids out...
Mark Millett: From the peak. And obviously, there is the contracted volume, so that doesn't happen overnight, but it happens through the rest of this year. So that's a positive move. I don't think we're seeing any major issues with alloys or refractories or on the outside so...
Mark Millett: Thank you, Christine. Once again, thank you everyone that is remaining on the call. Thank you for your time today. It continues to be an incredibly exciting time for SDI. We've had a very positive growth curve over the last 25 years and I believe with Heartland, with U.S. Steel Supply and now with the New Mill, we will continue to maintain if not exceed that trajectory. And just want to thank our customers for allowing us to do that and for our employees, thank you seriously for everything you do each and every day and continue to work safe. Thank you all. Bye-bye.
Theresa Wagler: So Chris, related to the incentives, there's approximately $150 million to $155 million worth of incentives. Some of that probably 10% to 15% of that would be more in the immediate time frame over the two to three-year time frame. The rest of it is a little bit longer on half of the property taxes, so more of a 10-year time frame. And we'll be getting more specific with that as time goes on.
Theresa Wagler: Timna, yes. As a reminder to everyone for the Flat Roll Group, we have about 50% of our volume that's contractual and so it will have the lag effect as well. It's tied in some form or fashion with CRU Index. So, we'll have that same phenomenon that Nucor mentioned on their call.
Theresa Wagler: Yes. No. We absolutely have more debt capacity for the balance sheet as we execute on both organic and potential transactional opportunity. You'll see it utilize the balance sheet in that way when it's necessary. So, there's still room.
Theresa Wagler: I wouldn't say that because today our metrics are actually far superior to just entry level investment-grade metrics. So there's still room to have that on the balance sheet and have investment grade ratings as well. But that's something that will happen when the time comes.
Theresa Wagler: There's -- with the electrodes, if you look at the cost side that we did in the presentation, you can see that they moved kind of from 2017, 2018 levels of about 1% of our cost to about 2%. Year-to-date, they're up probably around $25 million for the first half of the year compared to the first half of last year.
Theresa Wagler: So the CapEx guidance for the second half of this year excluding the new mill is about $150 million. For the new mill, we're expecting to spend approximately $275 million in 2019. And as it relates to working capital, I would expect it to not likely be drawn in the second half. It's likely to be even to maybe slightly ascending as we worked on some of the within finished goods inventory that grew a bit in the second quarter.
