Mark Millett: Well good morning everybody. On recycling side of the business ferrous scrap demand was robust during the quarter, shipments totaling about 1.3 million tons, up 10% quarter over quarter. This was our highest quarterly shipping volume recorded since the 2008 end term. Now it’s double the volume recorded the same period last year. April, May shipments were particularly strong. Our June dropped off in concert with reduced domestic fill low utilization rate. Inbound scrap during the quarter remained relatively stable. 0.2% of the ferrous shipments were internal to SDI steel mills. Together to note I believe that although for some (inaudible) slightly hit the markets pricing starting through the quarter. Increased volumes resulted in total gross margin dollars from our first business remaining essentially unchanged quarter over quarter. In (inaudible) our shipping volumes remained level quarter over quarter at approximately £235 million. However, our financial results declined paralleling the base level markets as they were negatively impacted by Southern base climbs in Europe, strong dollar, the signs that the Chinese market is decelerating. Still going (inaudible) the interest of hedge fund managers were speculative in the industrial melts. At the beginning of 20 month high in April, $3.59 per pound caused the prices continued to stumble through the months of May and June. Volumes were 270 before slight recovery to 293, a loss of 17% over the quarter. Aluminum dropped 16% boring from above 5 to $0.88. Nickel, the principal value of our stainless metal dropped 21% from $11.34 to 896 a pack. Systemic trends significantly eroded on non-ferrous module. On resourced (inaudible) second quarter of the income, as you saw it was $25 million was compared to $43 million in the first quarter. Whereas our ferrous corporations were essentially flat as they did quarter over quarter, their operating income falling just $3 million in the then market. Our non-ferrous operations declined approximate $15 million to impede the impact in that ring. Two third of this decline was direct margin compression while approximately a third of decrease was associated with unrealized market to market adjustments for our hedging positions. If you compare quarter to quarter, these adjustments resulted in a gain during the first quarter of about $4.2 million and a loss during this most recent quarter of roughly $400,429. Moving to Minnesota, commissioning, as Keith suggested, the Mesabi Nugget project has been progressing well, a little over 19,000 metric tons being shipped in the second quarter. Two principal factors limited production in the quarter. Basically a seven day edit was taken in May to investigate and subsequently eliminate a potential safety concern and then secondly as I believe I discussed in the last call, the drawing systems for the cooling drum was under design as limited throughput to a maximum of 55% of its total mass capacity when we’re running full ring. These issues have been corrected during the current July adage which is coming out of that in the next couple of days. These issues aside, many other equipment and process improvements have been achieved. Changes to material conveying systems, (inaudible), practices and other equipment improvements increased operating availability to about 50% during the month of June, although it was 70% being achieved in the last week of June before we went back to (inaudible) competitors. The respective supplying system was commissioned allowing improved raw material conversion yield for significant cost improved. Further process draining has led to continued product quality enhancement, the nugget composition. Again as Keith mentioned it’s excellent, it’s on a consistent 97% iron content. Substantially above that value in conventional imported pig iron and furthermore the science content in the product which is a combination of small quantities of iron and small particles of VI, has been substantially decreased. In fact the electric-arc furnace shop in Butler (inaudible) has consumed all materials shipped today with excellent results. Although second quarter pre-tax loss increased slightly quarter over quarter, if you look at the operating loss, it actually improved marginally from 9.6 million down to 9.3 million and profitability is still expected to be achieved before the end of the year. So thank you to all our teams, (inaudible) gentlemen and ladies. Keith, back to you.
Mark Millett: But I said in both of the last calls, predicting what’s going to happen both in the ferrous and non-ferrous markets is tough more than a couple of weeks ahead. But generally I think that on the ferrous side of our business we did well, in a down market, prime scrap last quarter down twenty bucks. So obsolete scrap down 30 to $40, and in that environment to maintain kind of a flat margin was very, very good effort by the team. As Keith suggested, July’s pricing down in one month $40, $45, we will have a little bit of a (inaudible) in June, July but I do believe August and certainly September is going to be strengthening market for us on pricing spread and volumes will be…should be sideways I think.
Mark Millett: I would hope slightly better than the second but again it depends where the market goes to be honest. Because the non ferrous, as you can see from this past quarter the non ferrous side of our business is quite influential on our bottom line. And if you look back at history, and I mean history being the last two, three, four years, non-ferrous and ferrous tended to balance each other up. Quite often the ferrous side of the business would not do so well, it gets buoyed up by non-ferrous and vice versa. In the most recent climate both of them have been poor. In the non-ferrous world, obviously, there is a lot of uncertainty out there; people generally are suggesting that we are stuck in the current trading ranges for both copper and aluminum, but if they were to go strongly one way or other, it's going to have a major impact on earnings.
Mark Millett: As far as what the figuring price would be and at least we can just give you an estimate to be honest.
Mark Millett: I would suggest that the prime flows will remain tight going forward and there is an up shift in our quarter entry across the steel mills and the utilization goes up. I think you’re going to see that strengthen in the course of an update. On the up flipside, I believe that the flows are obviously from a seasonal standpoint, weather stand point that are good and as you -- again that mini utilization picks up and that’s the over September, the demand would go on pressing up along with -- I think (inaudible) activities is probably going to turn [ph] the market in the next month or two.
Mark Millett: Well in March that’s where we’re all jumping in, especially in inventories (inaudible) that are being maintained around that full lease.
Mark Millett: We can’t tell you what other companies are doing but I think that they vary between 3 and 4 weeks is a pretty accurate statement in our own house and we wouldn’t get excited if they went down to 2. But we are not planning on carrying 6 or 8 either.
Mark Millett: Well Charles it’s a -- this is Dick. I would tell you that when you start to talk about high speed rail, that we can have a conversation for a week on that subject that -- the product requirements in that end of that definition in the United States, high speed is 79 miles per hour, 99 miles per hour and the maximum of 120 miles -- 129 miles per hour in different corridors and most of the high speed developments that are being looked at other than the specific projects in California and Florida, most of them that are actually a combination ones where there are in concert like Intract, where they host owner of one of the class ones and needless to say, the class ones are going to continue to put rail into their lines that are compatible with their basic needs, where they’d be co-hauling or roll freight hauls or whatever each one has a little bit specific difference in their line so the product what you normally think about is head hardened rail. Head hardened is a premium rail product but is used only in probably about 50% of the applications but in very specific applications, not necessarily high speed. So we are working across the board on all product developments. We are probably looking at products that are non head hardened and are much more vigorous laid because it is available to us today. It is available to fill up our line time and head hardened will just come and each owner of the rail has different qualification requirements and parameters; independent testing, 3rd party testing and in house inspections.
Mark Millett: The principle step or the next step is for the state to finalize the EIS, such that they will support going forward into the public arena. So the first step is discussions, negotiations, whatever between the state and ourselves to fine tune that study -- that permanent [ph] application, at that moment in time it goes before the public or the commentary. Then from the standpoint of actual mining, I think we’ve said that as soon we have the permit that 8, 10, 11 months thereafter, we would be in the grind. And relative to the price itself, it will probably be the price will concentrate in finding ourselves out there (inaudible) is in the 40 or $50 range; probably that would include depreciation and interest
Mark Millett: Currently concentrate pricing it’s -- well what we are actually purchasing is a mix of Canadian -- former Canadian pricing so which is the market price, and also we have some material coming in at a discounted price the next year so -- but the current market price for concentrate out there is about $128- $130.
Mark Millett: I think lately on the quarter -- the second quarter there was probably a little destocking occurring as order entry was pretty weak for everyone in almost every segment. But I think those reports are yet to be generated.
Keith Busse: Thanks Gary. Theresa, would you provide some balance sheet commentary and other statistical data as you usually do.
Keith Busse: Well, I think from a long product perspective we’ll see increases probably in the third quarter simply said. Flat roll perspective, the weakness is really going to be exhibited I think in July from an order entry perspective. I think you’re going to see strengthening order entries. Already started to see it here in late July and I think that could continue. I think underlying demand remained steady. I think you have people that were working off a little stronger inventory platforms going into the summer outages, scrap prices were declining, steel prices were declining. Probably a lot of folks sitting on their hands because I said I think we probably are very close to a bottom and I think you’re going to see steel prices rebound at some point in time during this quarter and I don’t have any specific time frame for that to occur. But during the quarter, I think you’ll see it start to strengthen and as I said I think you’ll start to see ferrous scrap prices later in the quarter perhaps start to strengthen as well. My comment about ferrous scrap was really kind of limited to what you’re going to see here at the end of July for delivery in August. I think there’s still going to be some weakness out there but I think once you get through that weaker period it will strengthen going later into August and maybe so. At least for deliveries in September and October, save a little drag around (inaudible), the weak order entries that we experienced in late June and early July probably came at a good time. As I said earlier, we lost a bank anesthetic bar system which isn’t allowing us to run the melt shop at full capacity. So I guess the two are matching up fairly well but they’re still going to leave July a little short followed by increased expectations for August and September.
Keith Busse: Well I’m not aware of any new flat rolled projects that are concrete. We’ve talked about Irish for some period of time and we’re still working on it. Discovering new technologies and modifications to existing technologies that we’re kind of excited about; we haven’t quite dug up the last one of them but Dick and I are pretty positive about the project and the likelihood of it going forward. But I’m aware of any other significant electric art projects that are -- have been announced for the United States anyway. And in long products we’re kind of a smaller player, obviously Mr. Crany’s [ph] rebar project is under development right now and they may move forward with one or two additions to the rebar universe in the due course of time but I haven’t seen any of their growth announcements to any long products.
Keith Busse: We have really tried to boil it down to that. You could say, well with the weakness you can afford to lose five days, but at the same time I don’t know what the sales team might have been able to actually rein in or reel in at that moment in time. So there is no real way to quantify it and I think the best way to look at it is if we could have been at the same volume we were in the first quarter or improved, still had ability to improve upon it, you multiply that times some kind of a number underneath or better from a cost compression& stand point, you could have had remarkably better earnings in steel in Q2. So the potential is certainly there.
Keith Busse: Probably, it wasn’t SBQ anyway, it was Roanoke and it's strictly bar products. And as Dick said, they might have rolled seven to ten thousand more tons and they might have shipped 3,000, 5,000 tons more billets. But any way you look at it, they probably wouldn’t have got beyond 120,000, 125,000 tons. But that would impact earnings by perhaps a couple of a million dollars in and of itself. So there was definitely an impact from the transformer debacle at Roanoke, it did impact, the earnings drag was all about the transformer, it wasn’t about the market weakness.
Keith Busse: Yeah, I guess it's possible that you can have a profitable December and not a profitable fourth quarter.
Keith Busse: Doing the battle, I don’t think mush difference on the last call. The EISW is in we are sort of negotiating and discussing; that would be the state right now.
Keith Busse: I think the -- we probably did see a lot more capacity return serving a depleted store shelf, I do expect demand to continue to move slightly forward, not backward. I think a lot of the restocking we had approved in the first quarter some of those tons came off the shelf late in the second quarter and I think you had a lot of buyers expecting prices to come down with declining resource costs. And so I think a lot of people probably are a little reserved from an all-direction perspective but there is not a lot of inventory out there. I expect you’ll see a little bit of strength actually return and I couldn’t possibly predict what takes place, but I think you’ve probably seen the bottom and you can see a strengthening environment both in resource with the value of resources sold into the market place and the value of steel products. But I don’t think that’s a July event or necessarily an August event but I think as you walk through autumn and the fall, it's my belief you’ll see a strengthening environment. I think in that fairly weak levels that still exists and I believe that as the buyer realizes the bottom here is being reached, they may not aggressively come back in the market but they will come back into the market. There’s some capacity that will be shattered. I’m sure in the meantime this will be a better match.
Keith Busse: I think utilization cut from a hundred down to whatever we did probably a little north of eighty in the second quarter, 83, 85, somewhere in that area. We’d expect with a weaker start in July that you’re going to experience the same kind of thing in the third quarter.
Keith Busse: Well I don’t think demand was all that strong given the exhibited weakness in order entry and other arenas as well. I mean we weren’t alone in experiencing some weakness. If there hadn’t been that weakness out there, the price would have declined so there is weakness and some of these people probably didn’t play off as much inventory or produced as much as they had hoped for and that can leave them a little stronger inventory position as it did us. We’d probably wouldn’t even have 4 weeks if we had shipped in 100,000 tons. But at 3 weeks -- it’s going to float around in that area for us all.
Keith Busse: And there were a couple of sectors that fell much faster than overall non residential construction (inaudible) one of those, so the dynamics of the different segments will be different.
Keith Busse: I have always said that the scrap pricing movement and sheet steel pricing movement have some bearing but not as much as they do in bar products and structural products. They operate a little bit more independently. It would not be impossible to see steel prices move up before scrap prices or ramble to move up. Generally speaking it works the other way but it wouldn’t be an anomaly to see steel prices which bottomed pretty hard find a little air before scrap prices do. But that it’s --you know you never know.
Keith Busse: I don’t think so, I think we were just being cautious, I don’t have any startling revelations, one way or another I think the economy, so I said, will continue to just make anemic progress forward, inventories will kind of go up and have some impact. I just don’t think you are going to see the economy pick up and deliver GDP of 5 or 6%, I just don’t see that happening. I think we’re probably going to stay in the 2% to 2 ½ to 3% range going forward on real demand and it’s better than going backwards but it’s nothing to write home to mum about either.
Keith Busse: Chuck, I believe that the prime scrap is -- I am a little different than Mark -- got ahead of itself. It raced forward based on a lack of supply, a little further and faster than it should have and probably reality has been reached a little further and faster than it likely could have been.
Keith Busse: Yeah, it is very weak obviously, if you are only producing 17,000 tons and you have a capacity of 500, it’s like 3% or something
Keith Busse: I would tell you probably not because the inventory level as an absolute number is still pretty low.
Keith Busse: I don’t think they are going to go any lower, they might actually build but it’s hard to measure because if you see increasing shipments that would accelerate it.
Keith Busse: We are not going to get into that, that’s just an opinion. We said we’d give you guidance for the third quarter later and we will.
Keith Busse: The segment should be well above break even by the end of the year, we should be showing monthly earning by the end of the year.
Keith Busse: Thank you Vickie, again, thank you ladies and gentlemen for excellent questions. Thank you to the 5900 people who make what I think are extraordinary achievements in this industry possible every day. I don’t know if there is a better team out there delivering more EBITDA for their shareholders than this steel team and this recycling team. So thank you again for being part of our family, bye now.
Theresa Wagler: Thank you Keith. Good morning everyone. During the first quarter, we maintained our liquidity at 1.1 billion which represents our cash on hand plus our $924 million revolver. Our leverage ration continued to improve as total debt to EBITDA was 3.5 times at June 30th versus 4.1 times at March 31st and additionally our interest coverage ration improved quarter over quarter from 3.8 times to 4.4 times. Our NASDAQ increased $36 million during the quarter. Cash flow from operations were $19 million verses 73 million achieved during the first quarter as funding was required for working capital. Specifically, inventories increased to $117 million worth 13%. This is driven by increased volumes and pricing in finished goods and raw materials that are steel operations. Most notably at the (inaudible) positions which absolutely makes sense given the averages that they had during June. Additionally, our raw material inventory associated with our continued ramp up of nugget operations increased working capital by about $18 million. We currently anticipate a rather neutral impact cash ferrous rate working capital movement in the third quarter and a normal seasonal trend of decreased needs in the fourth. During the second quarter we received just over $90 million in Federal income tax refunds and we expect to receive an additional 10 to 12 million dollars during the fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate before minority interest during the second quarter was 39% versus a 35.2% in the first quarter. Our second quarter rate was much higher than we had anticipated. We currently estimate our full year 2010 effective tax rate before minority interest to impact like 38% which will represent a second quarter range around 38.5. During the quarter our capital expenditures totaled $41 million. Depreciation was $42 million and capitalized interest associated with these projects was 1.9 million. Capitalized interest is expected to further decrease during the remainder of 2010 as our capital projects are coming to completion. Our outlook remainder of 2010 depreciation and (inaudible) remains at between 55 and 50 million dollars per quarter. Our net interest expense during the quarter increased $5.2 million compared to the first quarter. The change is both a reflection of decreased capitalized interest of 1.5 million and our changing capital structure with the addition of a 350 million of Gino note issued in March 2010. Gross interest expense for the quarter was $45.4 million with an effective interest rate of 7.3%. We had 216.8 million shares of common stock outstanding at June 30th. We also had in the dilution factor convertible notes with underlying shares of 16.4 million and diluted options of 1.6 million. Our expectations for the third quarter would be to have diluted outstanding shares of approximately 235 to 235.5 million shares. I know many of you like to have the flat roll shipments breakdown so for the second quarter, our hot roll shipment was 276,000, our pickled and oiled was 66,000, cold roll 41,000, hot roll galvanized 95,000, cold rolled galvanized 57,000, painted 68,000 and Galvalume 20,000. Keith.
Theresa Wagler: Timna, the comment that Mark made wasn’t that it all gained in the second half, but also it offset the losses in the first half, he was really was speaking to profitability on a monthly basis.
Theresa Wagler: We really…I don’t think at this time we’d want to talk about 2011 contributions from Mesabi Nugget. Obviously we expect it to become profitable operations at that point and we are expecting that the utilization rate will be approaching capacity of a thousand metric tons during 2011. So if all those things go well you can work costs. And the working key play, it really depends a lot with raw material costs as well but I don’t think we should be commenting on the actual dollar amount for 2011.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, we did. It couldn’t be somewhere less than that, between 125 and $115 million based on projects that we have in play so far.
Theresa Wagler: Not neutralized in the fact that it would be providing funding of that much in the third quarter. What I was suggesting was that the third quarter will be basically neutral from a funding versus drop perspective. It’s our current expectation and probably we should have some give back in the fourth quarter.
