Barry Schneider: Just that we continue to work on the energy products that fit our mix very well. And it's good to see the return of buying activity in that sector.
Barry Schneider: Aldo, this is Barry Schneider. I would tell you that in recent meetings we've had with the administration and Department of Commerce, the pipe manufacturing in the United States have had troubles on their own in competing on a level playing field across the world. So in many cases, the materials they can get here in the United States, they are capable of vast majority of products that would be consumed here. But in some cases, when hot-rolled is coming in subsidized in the shape of a pipe or energy sector product, it's very difficult to compare or to compete with that. So we did -- we were excited to hear that the administration was considering the standard melted and poured kind of language for Buy American projects. We think that is a good utilization of American business and helping to level that playing field for people that make those products. But that will regard primarily intrastate business. So interstate business, we have to convince people we have the right products and earn that business. But this helps us through that by leveling the playing field and allowing the domestic manufacturers to have what they need, supply it right here in [indiscernible].
Barry Schneider: Those yards were kind of on the periphery and certainly not within the shadow of our steel mills. So the scrap that did go from those yards had a big freight bill on it to get to our steel mills. So naturally, scrap is going to flow to the most logical freight home in most cases. So again, that -- those assets were better suited for somebody else.
Barry Schneider: We continue to develop new products all the time, but we do sell advanced high-strength steels to market as well as traditional galvanized and high-strength steel members. We continue out of our Butler facility. Actually, we've been growing with our automotive team. We've been growing the participation out of Butler. And in many cases, it's lighter products that the mill's suited for. Down at Columbus, on the coated side, we do have much more capability there. The galvanizing lines were designed for some of these more modern steel applications. So we try not to get too far ahead of ourselves and we're trying to respond to what the automakers are asking us to do. And right now, that works well for the whole product mix. And as you may know, we do not do exposed automotive, but we do a vast majority of other parts of the automotive, what's going into an automobile. So we look forward to adding these newer products, but we're always trying to make sure that we're doing the best thing with our assets we can and communicating with the automakers to find where they need us to be. So it's a changing world in this steel. It's really exciting. It really is interesting metallurgically, of course, but for our product mix, it's great, as Mark said, to diversify us.
Mark Millett: I guess it will be too early to speculate, Dave. I think it does give you insight to the positive trade environment in Washington right now, but time will tell.
Mark Millett: Well, I think obviously, energy is a big focus and as the energy markets continue to rebound -- and one has to remember, energy used to be, not too long ago, only 2 years ago, about 8% to 10% of steel demand in the States. And that is a big outlook for hot-rolled coil, certainly, for us at Columbus. So I think energy would be a principal focus there. And I think also, in the long products side of things, if you look at the heavy beam market recently, imports of what I call roll bar, just straight bar, have increased over the last few years. But most significantly, prefabricated beam has been increasing at a dramatic rate. And so there are several projects, the Hudson Yards project in New York, the Sasol chemical plant down in Louisiana. A lot of imported prefab material has come in and Buy American doctrine would certainly help that, particularly at least for government-sponsored projects.
Mark Millett: We're not seeing much pressure at all, in all honesty. I think the -- absolutely, there's a little attraction there on the cold-rolled sheet, coated side because the arbitrage is grown compared to hot-rolled coil. Hot-rolled coil imports, obviously down dramatically. And despite Asian pricing for hot-band going down, that stuff just can't get in. On the coated and cold-rolled sheet side, part of that, I do believe, is demand and -- or the supply and demand balance because the coating lines are full in America today. And so there's almost a need for a slight uptick in that product line.
Mark Millett: I think when you look at the merchant shapes, long bar, that side of the industry, if you look at utilization rates as an industry, yes, we're 74%, 75% or thereabouts. But I think one needs to bifurcate that into sheet and long products. Sheet is running, I'd say almost flat out, 95% today to a large degree. On the long products side, utilization rates are still -- they're improving, but they're still struggling. And so you don't have a strong sort of sellers market environment to dictate an increase in pricing and spread. So I think it's just a matter of competition. We do believe that demand is growing across virtually all steel sectors, steel markets and that will certainly improve. We're certainly seeing in SBQ -- SBQ order rate has grown dramatically. The utilization at that mill is very, very positive and so you're going to see, I think, some pricing strength in that arena. Merchants, rebar, still going to be a little challenged.
Mark Millett: I will answer that. As we normally do, we look at all opportunities out there. And whatever opportunities check all the boxes, we will pursue.
Mark Millett: I think the trade cases in place will -- should be enforced and obviously, the political climate in Washington is proceeding in that manner. I think a huge case is the anti-circumvention case against Vietnam. That is ongoing and should see the light of day June, July or -- this summer. I think people need to focus more, in all honesty, on the marketplace in America than worrying too much about the import level and worrying too much about iron ore is coming off. And there seems to be a commentary or view that the price [indiscernible] softening is going to occur midyear.  And perhaps, on the -- Timna, perhaps, I'm a little bit of a contrarian, but I think the market dynamics in place is -- they're strong and are certainly going to support the current pricing environment, if not more. You've got a domestic market strength that is supply-side driven today and is supported by strong and, I think, growing demand and it's going to mitigate any softness in raw materials. We mentioned, on the demand side, automotive still remains strong. It may have turned over a little bit, but it's going to remain strong for the rest of the year. Nonresidential construction is continuing to grow. Energy is coming back. All we have to do is look at the recent MSCI data, where shipments in March which I think normally, month-over-month tends to lighten up a little bit, they increased, I think, significantly, materially. And the inventory levels in the system today are at 2 months. If you look at sheet or flat roll, they're only 1.8 months which is a very, very, very low level. So supply chain inventory is very, very tight. You do have the import cases in place today and they're going to be enforced in a much stronger vein going forward. Then you have an industry with lead times stretching out. So it's, I think, a very good, positive market environment that's going to support good pricing and good spreads through the rest of the year. And it's -- I would argue that we're at a bit of a tipping point. I think inventories today are at a very precarious position. The short inventory sort of maximized turn business model or the consolidating service center industry has been accommodated these past years by a challenged market, mills with low utilization rates, lead times short and they've been able to sort of buy off the floor, almost, of the mills. And I think that's about to change. So I view the market in a very positive vein right now.
Mark Millett: Well, thanks for pointing that out, Timna. I think the strategic positioning of the company is certainly clearly demonstrating our cash flow generation capability. Up to this point, I think we've approached cash allocation in a very balanced, sort of strategic, intentional way. We've taken advantage of the capital markets over the last 18 months to reduce debt. We've continued the positive dividend profile. You saw that we increased it 8%.
Mark Millett: 11%, sorry, 11% this first quarter. And not only did we come up or advertise a share repurchase program, we're executing on that program going forward. And that's a $450 million program. So I think our approach -- we've demonstrated a positive approach today. With that, growth, both organic and inorganic, remains our first priority. You've seen -- we've talked about very small projects, I guess $75 million, $100 million worth of small organic projects across the company being implemented and coming onstream kind of this year, early next year, all of which have less than a 24-month payback. The Columbus paint line is a phenomenal facility, as I said earlier. That is going to further amplify the earnings capability at Columbus. And I've got to emphasize Columbus. That mill has gone through a transformation. The breadth of product or market diversification and geographic penetration is phenomenal, pushing a lot more product down the value-add stream, pushing material into Mexico. We shipped about 200,000 tons into Mexico last year and that will grow to probably 400,000 tons over the next 18 months. They penetrated the automotive arena, gaining market share dramatically. We shipped, I think, a couple hundred thousand tons in '16 and over the next 18 months, that will grow to about 400,000 tons also. And as the energy markets are coming back, the team has continued to develop better grades and so we're taking advantage of the premium of those stronger grades there in Columbus. So that mill has transformed itself and we always said that it has the potential to outearn the Butler facility which has been the ores for many years and probably the most profitable steel mill in the world. Well, we had one month in the first quarter that the Columbus guys have been [indiscernible], so that's coming to fruition. So I think the sort of organic growth is going to be material. On the inorganic side, again, not to get into specifics, the pipeline was full last year with opportunities that we assessed and it remains full. It's surprising, actually, what opportunities are coming to the table. And we will continue to assess them with a focus on value-add downstream processor that our team has showed a propensity to outperform most, a focus on pull-through volume and not forgetting that we're steel producers, first and foremost and have done an okay job in the most part and we'll continue to pursue those sorts of opportunities, too.
Mark Millett: Again, we found the look too near and I think we prefer just to say, hey, we see a very positive market environment for the rest of the year on the pricing side and a very sort of stable raw material scrap profile.
Mark Millett: Well, I'll take the Mexican question first and I'll probably forget the first question by the time I finish that. The Mexico market, at least from our perspective, is still strong and growing. They have -- well, they're still short in a big way down there. They will continue to need imports. Just with the current assets in place, you can argue whether or not people are going to continue to build that. I think they will. But nonetheless, just the current assets in place there, the consumption will -- is strong and will continue to grow. And given our location of the Columbus sheet mill having one of the, if not one, the cheapest freight into Mexico, we're very, very well positioned to benefit and exploit that growth there. So I don't see an issue with Mexico. I think the administration has softened or kind of moderated its stance. There's a recognition that we need to be good trading partners. Maybe the NAFTA agreement should be modified. I think it's been around for a long time and I think both parties will benefit from a new look at that, but I think it's going to be a prudent, pragmatic review. So I don't have any concerns, any issues with trade with Mexico. The earlier question, I think, is kind of focused on the arbitrage between domestic pricing and Asian pricing. Obviously, on the hot-rolled coil side, essentially, the duties have shut China and a lot of those folks out of the marketplace.  We're seeing a little bit of hot-rolled coil coming from other folks, but again, year-over-year, hot-rolled coil import is down significantly. The import arena, that -- it's grown year-over-year. Again, we talked about it earlier. Total sheet and coated, there, the arbitrage has grown. But also, the demand in the States is very, very strong and you've got an industry that is pretty well maxed out today. So I'm not surprised to see a little expansion in those products.
Mark Millett: Well, I, hopefully, articulated that to some degree already. The sheet arena, I think, just continues to be tight. It's somewhat balanced, I guess. You have a large sector of our industry not buying or hasn't really been buying and that's the service center industry and hence, inventories have shrunk as their shipments have increased. So I think generally, there's going to be a catch-up there over the next few months. And as I said earlier, I think the supply chain is in a precarious or at a precarious point. 1.8 months of flat-rolled products out there. I mean, it's almost unheard of.  And I would imagine that the folks are going to need -- if they're going to support the OEM customer when demand continues to grow, that industry needs to be restocked. So that onto itself is going to fuel additional demand. On top of that, demand in general, for us anyway, continues to grow. We're seeing market share growth in automotive. We're seeing growth in the energy arena. And I think it's just going to continue to go over the next couple of quarters, for sure.
Mark Millett: I think we're seeing the typical profile and it's a little frustration -- frustrating, I guess, for us. But people try to anticipate where the scrap market is going and buy or order in relation to that. Again, we're not in a raw material or cost-driven environment today. We're in a supply side-driven environment. And I think we're going to see less and less of an impact of scrap here going forward on pricing. Well, we have seen a profile a couple of weeks or 3 weeks ago, folks took their feet off the order pedal a little bit and the scrap market didn't come off quite as strong as they anticipated. Pricing has not softened dramatically and we're starting to see the order rate pick back up again today.
Mark Millett: Well, I think our conference in the [indiscernible] to the infrastructure is kind of relative to the potential build, build-out by the administration. I think we're seeing positive growth in nonresidential construction in general, though and it will continue.
Mark Millett: And on energy, I wouldn't be able to quantify, honestly, where we're at this moment in time, although I would suggest we're way down the curve and there's a huge runway to be attained here.
Mark Millett: I'm not aware of any threat on the hot-rolled coil side from anyone. I would suggest that essentially, the hot-rolled coil arena has been effectively shut down. Any thrust would be, again, on the cold-rolled sheet and coated side of the business, as we've said earlier. So that volume is somewhat limited. A lot of that material today are kind of what I call stocked stuff coming in, the 48-wide and 60-wide material. And as you have a supply chain inventory as tight as we're today, they don't have every size and gauge [indiscernible] that our customers or that the OEMs want. And so there's a natural need for stuff produced in the United States and I think we're at that kind of sort of balance point today. And we're not threatened. We don't feel threatened by any further imports there.
Mark Millett: Absolutely. I think we recognize where we're and I think we have the -- and we've been -- we've done here intentionally to build a platform or a foundation for significant growth and I think we will take advantage of that. That being said, we continue to reassess where we're and our sort of cash allocation [indiscernible].
Mark Millett: We're looking for opportunities that will improve our sort of margin profile, that provides pull-through volume for us. Well, again, 3 avenues or 3 focus areas, as I said earlier. It's downstream, sort of value-add processing-type capability, pull-through volume, so some form of manufacturing to draw material through based on the model of New Millennium, based on the model of Vulcan, on the sort of threaded run out of Pittsboro and also just steel assets themselves.
Mark Millett: Or existing mills that we believe we can infuse with our culture and our business model to improve their earnings profile.
Mark Millett: Super. Well, thank you, Rob. And again, many thanks for sharing your time with us today. We do value you as we do our customers. Any customers on the line, we'd like to certainly thank you for your support. And to our employees, I tell you, guys and girls, you did a phenomenal job in the quarter. It's you that drives the company's success and will continue to drive it forward in the future. So it's an honor to be with you all. So take care. Have a great day.
Theresa Wagler: We were active in the quarter. We repurchased about 1.8 million shares for about $61 million and we continue to be active. We continue to be opportunistic and enter the market from time to time where it makes sense to us to do so. We still believe that it's a valuable thing to execute.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, I'm sorry, Phil. I can, absolutely. So hot-rolled and pickle and oil were 884,000 tons, cold-rolled was 141,000 tons and coated was 711,000 tons. And there's a little bit more to add, I think, on the energy market. I want to make sure that we're clear. We actually are shipping to energy customers from...
Theresa Wagler: The three main drivers for the increase in the SBQ shipments, Phil, from an end market perspective were energy and, actually surprising, mining equipment kind of and some automotive as well because we've been gaining automotive share in Pittsboro very effectively. So those were the 3 main market drivers.
Theresa Wagler: If I can just quickly add, I think you made the point earlier and I think it's a very valid point that some people don't understand, there's an overfocus on China right now on hot-rolled coil prices, where if you look at European prices which they don't have the trade cases necessarily, those prices are still very high. And so to your point, the arbitrage there to bring those into the U.S. really isn't that attractive because their prices have remained much higher than China.
Theresa Wagler: I just might add to that, though. We're seeing movement at the state level that really has come prior to any federal infrastructure program and we have seen some positive signs from that. And we just have anecdotal information from [indiscernible] and whatnot that there is some positive movement there for infrastructure.
Theresa Wagler: So Matt, just to calibrate a little bit, when we talk about kind of the framework for looking at the balance sheet and the capital structure, we really gear toward net leverage of less than 3x through cycle. So with that, you can see that we've, to Mark's point, really prepared for a pretty significant growth opportunity, whether that's downstream or otherwise, as Mark mentioned earlier.
Theresa Wagler: Well, Dave, this is Theresa and Mark's smiling very broadly and pointing at me, so I can be the bad guy. Clearly, we want to focus long term. And so I think Mark said at the profile, right now, we do expect and I think you can take whatever you want without maybe too prescriptive, but we're expecting demand to continue to increase in the various areas that we discussed. We're going to say steady. We definitely see in a positive trend. From a perspective of spreads, we do believe that the supply side really is driving flat roll pricing today versus the cost side. So one would suggest that given supply is still very tight, that would be a very constructive view on pricing for flat rolls. We're expecting to see continued construction which should help support the long products side of the equation as well as the energy market. And scrap, we believe, should stay pretty steady and moderate. You'll have [indiscernible] months here and there, but we can't predict those. Long term, if you look at the supply and the demand environment, there's no reason why there's a significant driver for it to go either significantly higher or significantly lower. So you can -- you could take from that what you will and I'm sorry, I'm not being more prescriptive. I'm sure everyone would like us to be so.
Glenn Pushis: No. This is Glenn Pushis. We're not supplying any billet to anyone out of the Pittsboro plant. It's all being self-consumed at the plant itself.
Glenn Pushis: Well, Phil, this is Glenn. When you asked about billets, some of what we do, we take those billets and then roll them on a large mill down there in Pittsboro, so some of our customers, we do supply a rolled product to them for seamless tubing. So I don't want to be disingenuous and tell you that we're not supplying that market. We certainly are, but we don't supply any [indiscernible] billets out into that market.
Glenn Pushis: Sure. This is Glenn Pushis. Most of those products go into our forging applications, so it will be sold to forge houses that then support the oil patch. So couplings, different forge applications for different types of machinery.
Glenn Pushis: There's a little bit of mining. I consider Caterpillar to be mining, so yellow goods have picked up a little bit.
