Mark D. Millett: I think Dick can probably give greater color, but I think in sheet, the value-added finished products are probably 8 through August and September, and I think hot band [ph] Dick is...
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the market is certainly firmly entrenched and solid where it is. It should remain at least stable there. I think the -- obviously, the market will dictate pricing going forward. There is a little bit of a headwind currently, I guess, for a great upward movement because of the spread between domestic and global pricing. But certainly, would suggest that stable to maybe slightly up for the rest of the year.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Brett, the recent OCTG filing could be beneficial to us, in Butler, for sure. I think, just generally, we wish that the administration, would just enforce -- if nothing else, enforce the current laws. We have a reasonably effective gauge relative to import licenses, and our problem in this country is that we have to prove harm before any action is taken as opposed to being a little proactive and utilizing the system that we have in place.
Mark D. Millett: I think it's starting to see benefit later in the quarter. It didn't see full benefit, in all honesty, because the mining resource operation kind of struggled a little bit with the spring thaw. It's the first time we've gone through that and we sank a couple of some pretty large pieces of equipment in the muck, and we will certainly stockpile and be prepared for that next year, next time around. So the Magnetation material, mining resource material flowing into the Mesabi Nugget wasn't at that -- quite at that $50 per ton range, but I think we'll see some continued benefit through the rest of the year. I think as long as we're talking about Mesabi, because I'm sure there's going to be a question at some point. But as I said, I think they have seen some significant progress since April in both availability and potential operating rates, and the transition actually there is -- or the focus is transitioning from sustaining present operating rate, I guess, you could say, to reducing our consumption rates and getting our yields in shape, such that we can be at the expected breakeven by year end.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, given the activity at Mining Resources and their ability to supply all our concentrate requirements at a good cost, the priority, I guess, is less up there. We do continue to pursue a permit. It's the -- we've got the rights and the land to eventually reopen that, so there's a lot of value in that mine that we could avail ourselves in the future at some point in time. But I would say yes, we're still pursuing, still on the radar screen, but not as actively, perhaps, as we were 1.5 years ago.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I'm not so sure that we're seeing our bar side depreciate like that. I think we're somewhat steady. I think the -- generally, our order rate at the structurals is sort of steady to up incrementally.
Mark D. Millett: And obviously, the largest, I guess, deviance [ph] would be engineered bar year-over-year or first half over first half, and we all recognize, I think, that, that was associated with the inventory realignment.
Mark D. Millett: I think the reasoning, obviously, Nucor attempts to be out there ahead of everyone else, and I wouldn't want to speculate on why they're doing it at this point in time.
Mark D. Millett: But I think, Michelle, your point, perhaps longer term, is right on point. Because we expect a sort of a softening environment. As iron ore starts to come up, obviously, there's interconnectivity between scrap and iron ore, and so that will bring it down. The -- we're going to have, hopefully, an economic recovery in America, which is going to generate a little bit more flow. And as Russ said, depending on where foreign exchange goes, it may -- in a world where the American economy should rebound before everyone else, one would expect that the dollar is going to strengthen and that's going to mitigate exports. So generally, I think longer term, we feel scrap is going to moderate.
Mark D. Millett: A combination of things. It just won't be cheap [ph] iron ore, but it's a drop in the commodity prices, a -- the mitigation from export and slightly increased generation domestically as the -- our economy comes back.
Mark D. Millett: Well, the SBQ construction, Dick and I were down there just 2 weeks ago, and it -- as I said earlier, it's going to schedule right now, to budget, and they anticipate commissioning November, December of this year. And so I think you will see ramp-up through 2014. Barry and the team are doing a good job. They're already pre-approving some customer products applications, so that hopefully will expedite the market penetration. And it's -- I wouldn't call it a pioneering effort in any way. It's standard technology. The guys are more than familiar with the mills, the patrols, the dryers and everything. So from an equipment start-up perspective, it should go very rapidly. So our expectation is a good ramp-up through 2014.
Mark D. Millett: And so, again, ramp-up through 2014. So if you look at just the earnings catalyst for us, 2013 is a little bit of kind of an implementation year. And we have, I think, a lot of good things going on in 2014. We should see some material change in the losses at Mesabi. We're going to see the ramp of SBQ, the ramp-up at rail.
Mark D. Millett: Well, again, we are guiding to similar to a little better. Obviously, we like it to be a lot better, but it depends on the rate of improvement in yield performance and the consumption of materials, more than anything else.
Mark D. Millett: I would describe it with optimism, I guess. The general market, I think, has a lot of good things going for it. If you look at just the macro drivers out there compared to the crash in 2009, I guess, is where we're comparing it to, you got automotive, solidly strong, 16 million tons -- 16 million unit type rate. And our conversations with the automotive folks are suggesting that this can be sustained for some time to come. As I said earlier, residential -- and I guess, my greatest optimism comes from the rebound in residential this year that we just haven't seen in '09, '10, '11, or '12 for that matter. And that is, in my mind, the foundation for a sustainable sort of job space, sort of economic growth. And as I said earlier, it's beyond the macro market indices, where we're actually starting to see that in our order book. I think, they're seeing it somewhat in the sheet business and serves [ph] and auto, HVAC and radiator, dash, door panel material. Chris is seeing a little bit of a greater activity on the truest application side of things. So I think, in aggregate, any one data point wouldn't necessarily make me excited. But when you put them all together, I think things will -- the momentum is positive. And you couple that with the fact that the service center and supply-chain inventory is at an incredible low -- I don't know what it is, but it's the lowest it's been for several years. I think, and I said this before, but I think we're at a -- closer to an inflection point than a lot of people think. The industry utilization rate is about 79% with service center, inventory is down at 2.3 months. They are living or have been living off our short lead times. And as they start to stretch out, I think one will see a dramatic change, as we did in -- whenever it was, March, April time frame with 2011, when things got a little over kilter, they were short and we saw some great expansion of spreads.
Mark D. Millett: Well, we're continually looking at our opportunities. Obviously, I think we've done a pretty good job here recently, paying down a little bit of debt. We also increased our dividend incrementally earlier this year, to bring a little more value to our shareholders. But I think we are squarely focused on, first and foremost, leveraging our existing assets through organic expansion. You're seeing the implementation this year, the SBQ, the head-hardening, smaller but material, I think, the sheet correction line going out in up in Butler and a few other little projects. And I think Dick and the team have some other opportunities for next year. So squarely focused on really effective capital use of expansion. And then obviously, looking at potential opportunities, either around growing product or growing in other businesses.
Mark D. Millett: And as Dick mentioned earlier, I find it a little exciting that the team down there is getting a lot of new interest with different products, different applications that are going through the approval process, parts that haven't necessarily been available to us before.
Mark D. Millett: And as you may have seen -- and again, Dick's point is absolutely on point. We've been challenging the teams to do just that, to use the creativity and the innovation that's driven our success in the past. And as a sort of an emphasis on that, you might say -- you may have seen John Nolan transition to a high-level product development position. Again, that is to try and identify for us what are the needs of our customers, what steels will the automotive guys need 3, 5 years from now. What can we do in tank? What can we do in appliance? Trying to penetrate new markets, partner with our customers to get into that value add and keep ahead of the rest of the industry.
Mark D. Millett: I don't know. Relative to the rest of the year, it -- I think short term has picked up a little bit. And interesting enough, I think, if you looked at the service center shipments into June, structural was up, which -- again, if you think there's a little bit more import here, and service centers typically want a bit more, it tends to do -- solidify the thought that things are slowly incrementally improving. Where they're going to be going forward, I would hesitate to speculate. It shouldn't be any greater than where they are. No drivers for them to be greater.
Mark D. Millett: Yes. The recent improvements -- well, again, the -- look, the confidence of getting to that 30,000 monthly run rate has been boosted here since April, and that has been with, again, some of the equipment enhancements we made and also some process changes. We have not yet implemented the oxygen enrichment. And again, part of the downtime was to put in different burners for oxygen enrichment on the rotary hearth furnace. We're waiting on the installation of the actual [indiscernible] oxygen plant, which is going in, I think, as we speak, and should be available to us. So the expectation is the utilization of the oxygen should increase the thermal efficiency of the furnace and give us some boost in productivity to get us from the sort of a 360,000-a-year run rate up to the 400,000, 425,000 that we have mentioned. I think we also mentioned that the original sort of capability of 450,000, 500,000 is going to be a long way out. So our target is, again, by the end of the year, kind of a 360,000 annualized rate and then get it up to the 400,000 to 425-ish, 450-ish, following that.
Mark D. Millett: We hedge out the marginal spread at that moment in time. But unfortunately, the spreads that we're hedging to are contracted.
Mark D. Millett: We're not really a strong pipe and tube supplier, Chuck. I can't give you the number, but it's not something we focus on because that tends to be the bottom in the market.
Mark D. Millett: Well, just thanks, Christine. And thank you, everyone, for your continued loyal support of our company. And most importantly, to other constituents, our customers, we certainly appreciate your loyalty and support. And again, to our employees, thanks for the phenomenal job that you guys do. And from each and every one of us, just be safe out there. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Richard P. Teets: Probably in August. At August, pickle and oil in the end of August then hot-rolled galvanize is in late August and the...
Richard P. Teets: On that, I'd just say that we watch all of the products that we produce and also ones that we supply to our customers. And we talk to our trade attorneys and we know that they also represent competitors of ours, and we participate in any and all trade cases where we believe we have the legitimacy, and we will continue to aggressively pursue what we believe are unfairly-traded products that enter our markets.
Richard P. Teets: Well, needless to say, anytime you have an outage, there's a negative impact because you're not producing, you're not compressing your fixed costs and so forth, so of course. We anticipated our outages. They went as planned. We were very satisfied with the durations and the extent of the expenses that were incurred, and so they weren't negative as far as any surprises that resulted. But from a financial perspective, overall, of course, they were impacted, but the results were as expected.
Richard P. Teets: We also took outage at Roanoke, we took outages as we required them in any of the divisions that had them scheduled, and so it just became more visible at those 2, yes.
Richard P. Teets: Well, needless to say, they were masked a bit because of the outage that occurred. But we are running very well. We're running our 2 casters basically at full bore at Butler, so we're in the mid 90s, upper 90s at the Butler operations. So we're well set.
Richard P. Teets: Well, the -- from an inventory perspective, it remains steady. It has improved slightly, but it's not as robust as anyone would like. We continue to operate at the same rate at Pittsboro, but we continue to see a redefining of what products we are receiving. We are constantly taking orders for qualifications for products that we have not made in the past, but we will be making on the new mill once it's up and running. And so we are doing those tests and product deliveries and the performance qualifications now. And so we're satisfied with that, but we're not running the mill shop during the day, during the weeks when we don't need to, from a cost effectiveness perspective. From the OCTG standpoint, sure, all SBQ suppliers will see the benefit of it, because there is definitely an impact that will come as people become worried about being affected by the case and ramifications of the charges that occur, financial charges.
Richard P. Teets: It is. And to the point of the bar, like SBQ, it has rebounded, but it's stabilized. It's -- again, you're right, the off-road [ph] and so forth, because of I think worldwide demand. Many of our domestic customers do supply worldwide. And when it cooled off in South America and in China and so forth, it became a lower demand issue and, certainly, domestically because of the, needless to say, coal mining and so forth that really gotten damper. But when you compare them with the flat rolled, it's a much bigger market. And as we specialize in a number of products, even small improvements in the residential garage doors and so forth, as those improve, the truck-trailer markets, those have strengthened due to distribution opportunities. We see that improvement both in steel at West Virginia and in Butler. They correspond very closely, and so those have strengthened in both of those arenas. So yes, there is some truth to what you're saying, but I would -- I wouldn't characterize the bar market as being -- falling. I think we've been very steady. We don't see yet any rapid growth to it in the second half, but we see it very steady and slightly improving.
Richard P. Teets: And we're optimistic with our expansion with our new products coming on. That will be a growth opportunity for us, and necessarily in the market, but we always are looking for opportunities to bring product differentiation and -- into the marketplace.
Richard P. Teets: We're not a -- we aren't a big enough rebar producer to really worry about it, participate in it. I think the legal costs would surpass the earnings that we make on the little bit of rebar we sell, so we're not discussing it.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I never say full start up by the end of the year. It's not like you turn the key on and it runs, so there's always a learning curve with new equipment. But we'll be, maybe, at the full rate by the end of the year. That could -- Barry and his team are very optimistic, yes.
Richard P. Teets: Timna, all I'd like to add about to the rail is that is a new process and a new product for SDI, and that definitely will not be as speedy of a ramp-up in production and in sales and so forth as the SBQ bars. I mean, we're very optimistic about it. We have full confidence in it, but it is new for us in that customers will always be a little more leery and they'll want to see a little bit more testing and so forth, and we've been supplying them with prototype testing. But it's always the proof's in the pudding of the last -- of the final product. So there will be some skepticism of it, and it'll have to be earned. So I just want to put a little cautionary note on that ramp-up.
Richard P. Teets: We see it going up, continuing, and so we're comfortable with that direction. And there's no indication that it will, I mean, flatten out. Again, we started from a pretty low, low at the depths of the dropoff. But again, we are very comfortable with the direction, with the pace and with the expansion to help continue that.
Richard P. Teets: Just one general comment. I know Chris didn't ask it in this manner, but with Mark and I making our trip to many of the plants, the enthusiasm across the board at Steel of West Virginia and Roanoke, we're making new parts, Columbia City on the #2 mill. We are developing new parts, new products that -- all of these and the enthusiasm is -- we're not sitting around just waiting for a market to increase. It's not going back to where it was. We recognize the economy. It isn't going to be 2007 again. So we're out there beating the bushes, looking for new opportunities, who's doing what, what parts and sections are being imported, who should we be going after and so forth. So it's very enthusiastic, whether it be Engineered Bar, whether it be Steel of West Virginia. Roanoke is making new small merchant sections [ph] today and they're adding to their portfolios, steel at Columbia City, again, on the #2 mill. So hey, whether it be Engineered Bar or others, it -- we're very thrilled with the pace of product development.
Richard P. Teets: And it's going to be very fluid. And as someone pointed -- asked earlier, there's going to be trade case discussion, and there's so many external forces that are going to be influencing the desire to buy, the timeliness of it, the exchange rate and so forth, that I don't know how you would speculate through the end of the year.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I'll jump on that real quick. I've got a backlog of stuff I'd love to present, and I know there's limits. And so -- we were very creative on the steel side. I know Chris, and Russ also has theirs, and there's limits to everything. We're being very -- I think we're being very astute with what we're doing here. We have a plan. I think Mark is guiding us down that path. And so there's just lots of opportunities, and we're trying to pick and choose them. We're doing our maintenance where we need to. We focused very much this year on safety projects, quality projects. We haven't looked at a lot of expansion projects. We've done product expansions, but not necessarily capacity expansion, because we have capacities. We're trying to utilize the existing capacities that we have by bringing things to market, but I just want to have fun and throw that out.
Richard P. Teets: Yes, we don't -- we make x52, and we've dabbled in making stronger grades. But it's not something that we pursue very much, and so we don't focus on it. And so we don't have access to the river that we ship in down into the Houston market and the tubers. We had some tubing customers, but it's not a big market for us. So I could research it or something, but I don't have any kind of number or any kind of good guesstimate for you, Charles.
Richard P. Teets: And energy products there, both the copper [ph] lines and line pipes and mechanical pipe and tubing for the energy industry. We do quite a bit there.
Richard P. Teets: I don't know. I can research it, Charles, and send you an e-mail. I'd be happy to. But again, it's fluid. It's been fluid. But I'll send you an e-mail.
Richard P. Teets: There's conversation about it. We've had discussions with the people with the technology. We actually produced it as a -- on a tolling basis at Pittsboro years ago for them, and just got paid to produce it. So we're experienced with the product. And now I know -- and I know the individuals and so forth and the companies, and we've had discussions with them. So we continue to look at it. We continue to consider the changing marketplace, the different DOTs, the applications, both in construction and in highway. And so yes, we're aware of it, and we have an interest, but we haven't done anything with it.
Theresa E. Wagler: The only thing that I would add to that is they were particularly impactful only because of the 2 divisions that ended up taking their maintenance outage in April, because they are 2 of our more profitable divisions at most times, which is our Flat Roll division and Engineered Bar.
Theresa E. Wagler: I think, currently, we would expect utilization to be similar to what we saw in the first quarter versus the second quarter overall.
Theresa E. Wagler: And I'll just add to that. We -- Dick is exactly right. We're laughing because usually it's a push-pull between you and I. But additionally, from a maintenance capital perspective, the company can run at anywhere between $75 million to $100 million a year. So when we decide that there's an opportunity to actually add bottom line benefits, then we start to go outside of that. And the hurdle rates that we do look at are internal rate of returns of at least 15% and return on assets of at least 20%. So the projects that everybody has, they understand where they have to get to from a hurdle perspective. Mark, I don't if you have anything to add.
Theresa E. Wagler: You can't mix your margin, the same margin, indefinitely. The margin will move with the market. And so we're just not taking risks with either too much inventory supply or too many fixed contracts. So we're keeping a flat book, but that margin contracts and expands.
Theresa E. Wagler: No, there is a mark-to-market, that flows through the quarter. And if you look at the third page of our press release, we give it to you for each peak period. This quarter, we had an unrealized loss of $1.6 million, and that compares to a $700,000 gain in the first quarter.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. The strike price now, Chuck, is $17.21. And as I mentioned, given the strength of our cash flow generation, too -- because right now, we still have $244 million of cash on the balance sheet. And given the generation expectations for the rest of this year and with no meaningful maturities in the interim, I could see us easily paying that back with cash on hand and revolver. But obviously, when we look at all the capital projects Dick has got in his back pocket since November, that's something that we'll be mindful of as well. Because we're looking at always keeping an appropriate capital structure in line with our growth projects.
Russel B. Rinn: Yes. Michelle, I think, again, I think they've got to go through the start-ups and, certainly, that will have some impact. But that, predominantly, I think will impact the pig iron and the other substitute markets. Currently, the pig iron markets are showing some strength, and the recent numbers that are being quoted for September-October delivery are actually up. So I think until those plants come online and start producing materials and it gets out in the marketplace, it's just too early to tell. Certainly, there's other factors that are going to impact scrap, where the strength of the euro versus the dollar is going to determine where the Turks buy, and that will have a big impact, particularly on our footprint. But, again, I think the mill utilization rate is going to be the key driver we've got for scrap.
Russel B. Rinn: I think it really -- I think it will impact the supply of pig over time, it's just a matter of how long it takes for that to come get up and running. Certainly, that's the primary target that that's going to displace, at least first.
Russel B. Rinn: It will sure impact the [indiscernible]. Again, they will track -- they're all -- it's all talking about iron units in the end. It's whatever iron units -- what the cost of an cost iron unit is. So certainly, any impact is going to move it up or down, depending on what the availabilities are.
Russel B. Rinn: Yes. We continue -- as we look at the available marketplace and the economic dynamics that are involved in -- across our spectrum, Mark, we continue to look at what the size of our business is versus the markets we serve. And certainly, we had an awful lot of areas where we were probably overstaffed. And I think in the last couple of years, 1.5 years or so, we made a concerted effort to rightsize our business to the markets that they serve. I think our team has done a successful job with it, to try to get those -- get that in balance. I think we're seeing the benefits of it. If you look at the year, last year versus this year, certainly, we are seeing that benefit, as we're more aligned with what our markets are. Again, our business is a trading business. It's a buy-sell business, so we've got to make sure we're keenly focused on it. And again, our team has done a tremendous job of focusing on those markets that make sense for us and, again, moving away from those that don't. Again, at the end of the day, we've got a certain amount of capital that's been invested in this, and we've got to make the return. I think the other thing is -- some of the other things we have done, we've continued to look at refining our downstream. We, this year, have got the benefit of 2 new automotive shredder residue plants, the ASR plants, one in Toledo and one in Indianapolis, that have come online very well. They've had -- they've got bumped up a little bit with a Green Fence in China. But again, our team continues to work on the resolution of that, and I think those things will pay us dividends very well as we further segment the material and recover the material that's actually going into landfills. So projects like that, where we're tweaking and tuning our business opportunities, have worked well for us. Mark mentioned the automotive rebound that has occurred in the last year, and some of that has had a benefit for us, as many of those customers are our customers, and we're buying material from -- or service to -- are coming out of the automotive, as well as many of the customers we sell products to. So again, we're kind of focused on the things that make sense for us, both short term and long term.
Russel B. Rinn: Mark, they have -- they've been steady. They're not robust, they're not overrunning us, but they've been steady. And -- so I think that's the best categorization for it. I think the inventory in the scrap yards, inventories in the mills -- mill scrap supplies, just like those service center inventories, are pretty thin. So I think you've got an almost direct pull from the consumers. So as the mill rates ramp up, I think you'll see more scrap coming out of the fields. But it has not been a concern, at least not in the last 60 days, of being able to get the flows in.
Russel B. Rinn: Oh, the answer to that question is yes, particularly when the Turks find Europe much more attractive. Again, they've got the ability to play the currency game between Europe and the U.S. And when the U.S. dollar gets strong, they're going to go to Europe. So we did see -- particularly early in the quarter, we did see a pretty significant impact of mill -- of product flowing back off the coasts.
Russel B. Rinn: Mark, I think we will see -- again, it's going to depend upon -- on those currencies and on their...
Russel B. Rinn: Yes, the appetite. I think the Turks are certainly the driver in that game. There has been some discussion or some rumors of Europe trying to restrict their scrap exports. And if that happens, that certainly will change the game with the Turks in a different direction. But all that is all pure speculation.
Russel B. Rinn: Yes. John, I think the driving -- one of the driving factors was when the new Premier -- the leader of China went out for his opening ceremony, he couldn't see the crowd. But again, the Green Fence is actually -- what they're doing, it's not new regulations, they're actually just enforcing the regulations that are on the books. And what they're really trying to avoid is everybody exporting their trash into China. Certainly, I understand it. Certainly, as we work through, we've got the capability of cleaning it up. But the material that was traditionally exported to China, it certainly was the stuff that we couldn't find at home for without adding a lot of costs to in the U.S. So is there a bit of cynicism? It could be partly due to trying to regulate the flow. But I think as those LME warehouses draw down, they're going to have to open up again. And quite frankly, us included, the scrap industry is going to have to deal with the reality that you're going to have to provide a product that matches up to those specs or face the consequences. And we've been very, very diligent in getting to the point where we can do that on a consistent basis before we start going back in there in a big way. So we're working through that process. Others may or may not decide to take that chance. But again, it's just one of those things that's [indiscernible]...
Russel B. Rinn: Well, they're trying to raise the metallic content of what they're buying. So again -- so they're not buying a bunch of trash, and I think that's part of the drive towards green in China, to rather limit some of the air pollution that they've got, that -- again, I was watching CBS News last night, and I saw they have an article, and it was -- you couldn't see the Imperial Palace hardly because it's just -- it's terrible. So I understand it was a part of the emphasis. But again, it's our duty as a supplier to react appropriately and provide the customer what he wants.
John Charles Tumazos: My question, it concerns the Green Fence in China. Other than radioactive steel scrap, it would seem to me that the dirtiest grades of scrap in any metal are cleaner than virgin output. So the Green Fence isn't really green. Do you think that it's just a tactic by the Chinese to cause #2 or #3 grades of scrap in each metal to trade at bigger discounts so they can buy at cheaper prices? Or do you think they also have such a weak economy that they don't want the scrap or are trying to protect their aluminum smelters or their copper smelters or their -- from competing scrap supply? Clearly, scrap is green.
John Charles Tumazos: Now during better times, the Chinese loved to have containers of electronics scrap so that they could have cheap labor dismantle it and get the copper, the precious metals, or whatever. So it would seem like something is different that they don't think it's economically to their benefit to do that anymore.
John Charles Tumazos: Just one final comment. I wanted to agree with Michelle. You should sue the Turks. And my father would have suggested much more.
