Richard P. Teets: Yes, I guess I can only add to what you said, that as a structural mill, that we do have some time on the medium section, though, because we've never gotten to a fourth crew. We've filled out the third crew, so medium section products, we're out selling and selling hard. And so filling that up, the third crew. And we've developed that market down in Pittsboro. We've added new products. That's what we're doing across the board. We've added threaded bar with our customer there. We're now making #8, 9, 10 and 11 threaded bars, and we're going to get this month, #18. We've done #20 bars and so that's an exciting product for very high rise buildings and for bridges being used across the country, and so these are new products that are coming on. Also, you mentioned Steel of West Virginia, we had some weakness in a little bit of their product line, and so therefore, we're developing bulb flats and 7-inch channels and so forth, so we're adding new sections all the time down there. And so -- and again, down at the Roanoke, we're running 100% of capacity, so no weakness showing there. So you mentioned the flat roll, nothing more to add other than we are watching the imports. We watch coated product imports. There's an extension agreement now, getting the 60-day notification there and going back to the way things were in 1998, '99, much higher duties are going to be applied to it, and things are going to clean up there, I believe. And so I think it'll tighten itself up in the first quarter. So yes, things are good.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I will just tell you that we are constantly monitoring the imports. We've done investigations. A number of our competitors along with ourselves have worked together through our attorneys to do the investigations, both domestically and in the foreign countries, to determine what the domestic pricing are of those countries that we believe are guilty of dumping and shutting our shores. But we don't believe, along with our legal counsel, that the timing is correct at this moment for a successful case, but that may change as the markets change, and so we're constantly vigilant and ready to go at -- upon a discussion and enough agreement amongst our parties that we're ready to do it, so we're vigilant, is, I guess, the best way to say it.
Richard P. Teets: Well, just for the record, we've been petitioning the Commerce Department for months. We've been signing documents and submitting records to them since midsummer, and so we were disappointed with how slow it was going midyear, and so the signals we were getting were disappointing. So this unexpected year-end movement is basically a catch-up to me, so I'm pleased with the performance of the Department of Commerce, and so it appeared to be fast, but it's been in the works for quite a while. Petitions have been in the works.
Richard P. Teets: I would just tell you that we have to look at all the possible participants in any trade case. We have to look at our -- the government looks at a lot of parameters, including your financial performance and order intake, what your sales prices have been. Again, the documents as to what the local prices have been, both in their originating countries as well as here. And so when you take a broad brush approach to it, all that has to be considered, and then you start gleaning out of the whole field as to which countries may or may not be suitable for a case. And if you have to eliminate too many of those countries and too many of the tons, it sort of plays against you, and you want to make sure that you have a -- you don't want to keep going back to the well for small pickings, let's say. So we want to make sure that you have a deliverable, number 1; and then number 2, that it's a worthy one. So we're watching it, and we're -- we have our data, and we will continue every quarter to refresh that data.
Richard P. Teets: Well, I think, the -- in general, the mix in the industry -- well, first off, the market. The market continues to strengthen, as Mark pointed out, in the growth of maintenance track, as well as new track, it's probably over 1 million tons, 1.1 million. It's a good, steady market. In general, I'd tell you that head-hardened or premium product is greater than 50%, and it continues to move in the upper direction as a percentage year-over-year, and that's for 2 reasons: number one, it's a reduction in the spread between premium rail and standard rail; and number two, the higher utilization rates of the various tracks give the railroads less time to take the tracks down for replacement, so therefore, they're willing to spend a higher amount of money on the track itself when it's being installed. And so our own attempt to take advantage of that, as Mark pointed out, we're committed to pursue about 350,000 tons of railroad products, and our production will mimic the national percentages as best our equipment can handle. And of course, the Structural and Rail division is always asking for, like any division, more money to expand, and we will watch what they do and how they utilize it, and make those decisions appropriately.
Richard P. Teets: We had a CSP, a [indiscernible] record, 30-day, month record, and we also had [indiscernible] mill, pull mill record and we also had galvanizing pipe [indiscernible]. And again, that's not just -- that's not because of SDI, that's because of cooperation and integration, communications. It's a lot of things. And so, everyone's excited. So it's small things, small tweaks, and it's -- there's just a lot of potential. Again, not overnight, but a lot of upside opportunities.
Richard P. Teets: Well, what we found interestingly is during our due diligence that there were quite a few items at Columbus that were off balance sheet, let's say, from an asset perspective. So I can't tell you what -- how they're going to do their accounting there. So when they announced how much the cost is, that's a question for them. I would tell you replacement cost is higher than what we paid for it. We got, I think, a very fair deal for it, because they had 2 galvanizing lines, 2 pickle lines. They have a reinspect line and so forth. They also spent quite a bit of money in building that line up. They put a lot of concrete into it. They used different construction techniques than we would have utilized. And so we got a good value, a very good value for the assets. And then they're also in a very high seismic zone area. So they're going to spend even more money building a steel mill in that location than others have traditionally built. So whatever, so good luck.
Richard P. Teets: They took a flat $20-a-ton fee for the handling of it. And they did that so that they basically then had somebody else out marketing the Severstal Russian steel. They wanted to know what was going on in the marketplace, so there wasn't any other wild pricing going on. They wanted to have some control of it. So they took a fee for the handling of those transactions. As soon as we purchased it, we said no more sales, we didn't want any more transactions going down. And then when we closed it, those ships were already en route and those hit the dock and cleared through all the sales and they were behind us. Yes, that's it. And they are all behind us.
Mark D. Millett: Again, not to publish our 2014's results, but 2013, we shipped a record for a 6.1 million tons. Obviously, we're headed above that this year. And that was 6.1 million tons, where our capacity today, excluding Columbus, was around 7.8 million tons. So as we said, we had about 1.5 million tons of latent capacity from 2013. So we've got, I think, great leverage going forward on the returning residential and nonresidential. And obviously, we've got a new Columbus mill that is absolutely revved up and rearing to go.
Mark D. Millett: Right. I think the general sentiment of the Trade Commission, I think, is turned positive toward our industry. If you look at the, obviously, the recent ruling on the Russian suspension of duty issue, that obviously helps us, helps the industry, and I think, in particular, it helps Columbus in the Southeast markets. You've seen the industry won the Korean OCTG ruling and they are filing for -- oil industry is filing a sort of a [indiscernible] line pipe case against Korea and Turkey, and I think this bodes well for us. It supports, I think, our sentiment that in the next year or 2, the countries will be constrained on hot-rolled coil and give some very, very positive market dynamics.
Mark D. Millett: I think it -- given -- steel is a freight-sensitive commodity. Obviously, closer to the supply, you're going to get better pricing. And right now, where you've had a lot of Russian material come into Houston, and so the supply's down there, and you're definitely going to get that freight differential. Fortunately, I've got the facility. It's Midwest. It's a reasonable distance from the coast and we're not impacted quite as much as many of our customers -- competitors, I would say.
Mark D. Millett: So Russ, that pressure is going to help re-establish the iron concentrate scrap ratio, that's been kind of at a little bit of a high the last 6 to 8 months.
Mark D. Millett: Which is in my mind, a huge plus for the electric arc furnace produced and hopefully, put us back in the billets from a hot metal cost perspective again.
Mark D. Millett: Well, given Russia is one of the largest importers of hot-rolled coil, constraining them is, obviously, I think, a big benefit to our industry. As I said earlier, strong, huge benefit for our Columbus facility that trades in the Southeast arena, and I'm not so sure we know what happened behind the scenes. Obviously, American-Russian relationship's aren't the best, and maybe that accelerated it.
Mark D. Millett: I think, obviously, the demand is picking up across the industry. I think the team has done a phenomenal job building a national footprint there. And so they're getting into the, what we call the big-box consumers, the Wal-Marts, the Home Depots, people that want a national supply and not a regional supply. So the market has picked up. I think the team has done a phenomenal job picking up market share because of that. And with the financial or the, sort of, step function improvement in the financials is volume driven. It's a business that, when Chris puts on a new shift at one of his plants, I mean, the profitability of that plant shoots up dramatically. With increased demand today, and we still got -- it's still very elastic, our capability, but when we need more tons, it's not a matter of spending capital. The lines are there. It's just a matter of recruiting our crews.
Mark D. Millett: And as I said earlier, if you look at the Steel Joist Institute numbers, year-over-year joist shipments have increased 21%. So that's sort of general demand and it supports our view that's continued, that nonresidential construction continues to grow. The national footprint, I would say, has allowed us to surpass the overall industry growth in our markets, and our joist shipments increased 35%.
Mark D. Millett: I think we already stated that the purchase price was pretty conservative, 6x the expected 2015 EBITDA. Obviously, our expectation was that the markets remain as they are today or strengthening to achieve that. And in all honestly, I think it should allow for higher than 3-year cycle metal spreads. I think we stated at some point that synergies over the longer term are going to be about $30 million; $10 million, $15 million of that perhaps last year -- not last year, 2015, next year. As Dick said, over the longer term, we expect, from what we see, to garner a lot more than that. So it's an incredibly exciting opportunity for us. And again, just being down there with the guys and girls and their families and their kids on Saturday, they are pumped.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think as we look post-acquisition, our capital profile, our balance sheet remains incredibly strong. As you said, I think we -- we currently plan to pay down some debt next year, to allow us to get more comfortably within our sort of preferred net leverage of 3x or less. CapEx is, as Theresa suggested, it looks to be in the $150 million, $160 million range. I mean, that's clearly -- We're still looking at and still analyzing some organic growth opportunities for us. Earlier this year, even without the Columbus addition, we increased dividend by 5% and we would like to continue at a positive profile there. And as we already said, we will continue to remain committed to prudent growth, wherever that growth may take us.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think, we're pretty excited with what we're seeing and at least from our perspective. The guys had a step-function improvement across the board, not the least being a positive financial impact to us. Albeit still a loss, it's still a lot less loss than we've had in years past. We're pretty confident. And again, it depends where transfer pricing takes us. It's somewhat market dependent. But we'll certainly be, we believe, cash positive going in early 2015, and we'll see where the markets take us from there.
Mark D. Millett: Historically, Columbus has consumed roughly in the 20% to 25% range for pig iron and HBI, principally pig iron, imported in. Obviously, we had a relationship with Russia, so I'm sure they had some Russian coming in and some Brazilian. The line dynamics with the Minnesota operation and without Columbus, we actually became pig iron long, and there obviously, the Columbus operations on a consolidated basis, pig iron short. So there's no doubt, I'm sure that some of that, the [indiscernible] will find its way down to Columbus.
Mark D. Millett: Well, we believe so. In fact, we've seen it the last month or so, and quite likely in November, given the -- where the export market pricing is today, there's a likelihood that scrap is going move down for sure. December, who knows? Maybe -- we don't have a crystal ball that clear or that far ahead. But we do feel that -- and as you say, scrap has been very, very sticky compared to iron ore here. Iron ore earlier has some incredibly weak fundamentals given the Chinese produced growth. So it's come off a lot stronger than scrap, but I think longer term, we'll see scrap move toward that historical basis.
Mark D. Millett: I think we refrain from putting numbers other than directionality. As you know, it's an incredibly tough market, and I'm not sure Russ and I are any better than anyone else.
Mark D. Millett: Well, the -- firstly, the equipment we're putting in -- and just to add color, as we mine the basin, it went from a coarse tailing to a very fine tailing, and our equipment just don't get the yield recovery off finer material. The actual amount of material flying through is far greater than the rate of capacity of the line, which is not recovering the finer stuff. And the equipment going in, again, it's already been operational. I do believe on ongoing basis, Magnetation, we should retrieve that recovery and get the cost back down. That's the intent and expectation. Relative to the current cost, again, we refrain from sharing that. We are still confident in the $340, $350 cash number going forward, which will allow us, given the current market, to the transfer price, to be cash positive in '15, early '15.
Mark D. Millett: I think it's already demonstrating an incredible capability through the hot mill, 3.4 is, I think, is its rated capacity.
Mark D. Millett: And it's likely, if the team does what the Butler team did, there may be some, a little upside on the hot-band production. Obviously, our intent is to increase the value-add output there. So the actual shipping volume may actually come off a little bit as -- because of the unit lost through pickling and cold reduction. There's not a huge amount of capital, at least I see it, to unbottleneck. It's more a market opportunity, getting in the right markets and just fully utilizing the capabilities that they have today.
Mark D. Millett: The latter. We'll be principally spot-based. Any contractual business we do is just on a volume commitment basis with some form of index pricing. We don't have any contracted, fixed-priced, long-term deals.
Mark D. Millett: Charles, there is, but not to the extent that we kind of presumed or assumed over the years, and there are other benefits that offsets that.
Mark D. Millett: And Charles, going back to the commentary on Big River, [indiscernible] Columbus, as I said, and I was starting to get a little bit insulted by any connotation that those folks are going to compete with us. You've got 2 of the best, most efficient sheet steelmaking teams in the damn world between Butler and Columbus. And you saw the same team is building Big River, and the financial results were not necessarily phenomenal, in the early stages of Severstal. And to use the steelmaker vernacular, the Columbus guys are ready to kick ass.
Mark D. Millett: Well, there's a couple of points of entry, but it's not necessarily competing with a physical ton. It's competing with the, sort of the pricing pressure that the selective imports are putting on the market.
Mark D. Millett: Well, if you're coming up, obviously, a massive amount comes from the Houston area, to bring material up to the Midwest is probably today, and this would be a combination barge. And it depends where you are. If you are on the river, it's going to be less, but to a land bound Midwest arena, such as Butler, it's probably $50-plus per ton.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think the -- it's easy to be the Monday morning quarterback. I guess it wasn't too long ago, I think 2012, that people thought that pig iron was going to be $500 a ton or more. So and that was the original investment premise. To your point, obviously, raw material and commodities are off. And today, with pig iron in that $400, $410 range on a NOLA basis, the project can be cash breakeven and eventually make a little bit of money. It certainly gives us a hedge, though, against scrap markets and a very secure supply of very, very high-quality material that can facilitate for further productivity and [indiscernible] some capital there, and I think we're looking at perhaps more on a incremental basis, than looking at the project in full scope.
Mark D. Millett: Well, the Severstal were using the American organization to bring coil in and resell, just kind on a brokerage basis. As we acquired, in the transition, we obviously took ownership of the remaining coils, sort of en route. And that's about 30,000, 31,000 tons of that Russian coil that we acquired. It was already presold, so there's no risk there to it, but that just went through the volume.
Mark D. Millett: Okay. Firstly, so the percentage I mentioned, the 20%, 25% was at Columbus, not Butler. Butler has historically been, I think, around 12%, and that's been the combination of the liquid cast iron plus the nuggets. If you look at -- and honestly, it's a value proposition in the most part. It's just what is the cheapest balance of raw material, at the end of the day, in your ladle of molten steel. DRI, you can -- there are people out there that are running almost 100% of DRI. You've got to have enough shop fully equipped. And obviously, on the pig iron side, you tend to be limited because pig iron has a higher carbon content, and you get to a point where you get much more than about 25%, 30%, you slow down the operation because, yes, you've melted it, but you have to remove and decarburize the material. So there is kind of a practical limit of around about 25%, 30%, in the most part, for pig iron.
Mark D. Millett: Well, thanks, Ryan. And I guess just quite briefly, if you look at SDI as a company today, I do believe our sole headwind is just the import pressure. Beside that, I'm extremely optimistic for our industry, and again, really optimistic for SDI as a company. We continue to see solid U.S. GDP momentum, particularly on the non-service steel consumer sector. Residential construction, we believe, albeit choppy and noisy, it's upward. Nonres construction is truly growing and is a positive trend. Energy markets are growing, and those will constrain hot-band coil availability, I think, in America in the next couple of years. So I think that will bode very well for us. Automotive space strong and there's been very positive structural changes in our domestic steel industry in the last year or 2. Scrap pricing, as we suggested, we feel is on a downward trend, and I'm not so sure the historic ratio will be totally established, but certainly, it's headed toward that level. And I think that gives us margin expansion opportunities as an electric-arc furnace producer. And I think it sets a stage, an incredible stage, for SDI. We can leverage our latent steel capacity. Even before Columbus, we still got a lot of volume related to residential and nonresidential construction that we can exploit. We're starting to capitalize now on our organic growth projects of premium rail and also for Engineered Bar. And we're going to gain incredible value combining the teams of Butler and Columbus and truly optimizing the margin, the value we can get from that. And as we've discussed, Chris and the teams have done a phenomenal job on the clarification side. So we've got all engines or all cylinders are kind pumping out. You combine that, you've got incredibly strong cash flow, great balance sheet, allows us to consider future growth opportunities. We truly have terrific customers. And most importantly, we've got a phenomenal team. And so I think, everyone around this table, we get up every day, we're in the steel industry, but we're pretty damned excited to come to work and work with all our employees. So to each and every one of them, I would say, hey, thank you, and work safely each and every day. Thank you for your support, folks. Bye bye.
Theresa E. Wagler: The interest expense on a quarterly basis with the new cap structure is probably going to be just less than $45 million per quarter. Depreciation this quarter was $58 million, but that -- with the estimated purchase price allocation, these numbers could change, but it's more likely to be closer to maybe $75 million per quarter going forward. But that will -- we'll have to give you a better number on the January call. And then CapEx for this year, we expect it to be somewhere between $120 million and $130 million for the year. And moving into 2015, the early estimates would be somewhere between $150 million and $175 million, but that's without specific projects or anything like that.
Theresa E. Wagler: And so one thing I would just point out is in 2008, we're configured much differently today with the national footprint, with 6 basically operating facilities, so we're structured much differently than we were in 2008 as well.
Theresa E. Wagler: There's really nothing in particular that we think will change dramatically. We kind of tend to look at it on a percentage of sales basis and it tends to be pretty steady. And with the addition of Columbus, we'd expect it to still stay kind of in that range of the percentage of sales.
Theresa E. Wagler: Certainly. So I have the Butler Flat Roll mill mix. For the third quarter, they had shipments of hot-rolled of 299,000 tons; P&O of 92,000 tons; cold-rolled of 60,000 tons; hot-rolled galvanized was 120,000 tons; cold-rolled galvanized was 43,000 tons; painted products were 114,000 tons; and Galvalume was 10,000 tons, for a total of 738,000.
Theresa E. Wagler: It was $66 million actually. What was reported in the cash flow, Phil, was both amortization and depreciation. So the number that I gave you earlier was just the depreciation amount. And again, it's still early on the purchase accounting side, but our thinking is that depreciation is going to be closer to probably $75 million per quarter.
Theresa E. Wagler: It was slightly more than that. Again, the total adjustments were about $40 million. So we had $14.5 million going through COGS. You had about $25.5 million going through other expense.
Theresa E. Wagler: Aldo, they only had 175,000 tons of our total 1.9 million tons shipped. So any influence they would have had would have really been minimal. The drivers of the average price improvement really were, as I mentioned, from the Flat Roll division and from the Structural and Rail division.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, CapEx, that's part of the many-pronged methods of which you look at valuation. So that's something that's kind of contemplated. I'm not sure it's something that we'd want to....
Theresa E. Wagler: So is it fair to say, Chris, that our market share today is between around 35% to 40%. And it's hard to see a market for joist and deck where we would not be able to increase our volume to match that market share.
Christopher A. Graham: Well, you talk about a little housekeeping, let's just -- I'd make a few comments on fabrication. Our joist-and-deck backlog remained strong entering the fourth quarter, and I want to just mention specifically our teams and our customers who have executed very well year-to-date. Together, they've worked on a lot of mutually beneficial projects, but to your point, nothing out of the ordinary. Look forward to continuing to do so going forward. We'd like to thank our joist-and-deck customers for continuing to afford us the opportunity to earn their business each and every day. The biggest impact on -- the biggest outside factor was probably with the capacity in the industry, more matches the demand better than it has in the last 30 years. So we'd like to believe that it's kind of a new paradigm, and we stand prepared to service current levels or even higher levels. The question earlier about fabrication capacity and how that affects things, to achieve our current output, 90% of our production occurs during daylight hours, 5, maybe, 6 days a week. This leaves an awful lot of room for continued growth, and it's a matter of adding a crew here or there, as Mark mentioned earlier, to respond rather quickly to larger demand. So we don't see New Millennium up against any kind of ceiling in almost -- virtually any scenario.
Christopher A. Graham: No, I think Mark just makes the point that we are more diverse in our approach to the market, not just auction markets, but national accounts, metal building accounts and things like that. So we've not only expanded our physical footprint, we've also had a different approach to market and continued then leveraging the volume, compresses all of our costs across the board. And this is not something that was unexpected at these levels, this is what the team's been planning. And we're poised to continue to capitalize on these opportunities.
Christopher A. Graham: And the projects are not -- I'm sorry, the projects are not limited to just the big box. We're into a good healthy mode where if you're just doing institutional private work, it's never a good sign. If you're just doing the big box, it's not as healthy. But we're doing a good mix and our industry is seeing a good mix across the board.
Christopher A. Graham: Well, it has bucked seasonality to some extent as it's recovered from the 400,000-ton annualized rate in the market to over 800,000 or 900,000 this year. As you get up closer to the historical norms, we would expect seasonality to rear its head, again, some degree. But our backlogs are still at historically higher numbers going into the fourth quarter.
Christopher A. Graham: The way we're positioned today, and there's never been a market in the history, if we look back, that would tax our ability to help to service at those levels or maybe somewhat higher.
