Mark Millett: Thank you, Theresa. And good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call and we certainly value and appreciate your time and interest in our Company. We are excited to share that the Steel Dynamics team delivered another tremendous record performance this quarter. Our underlying growth to market positioning during the last four to five years is showing its power and the strong demand environment. I think the terms are perspective that SDI is a very different Company today relative to the last market peak.  And I’d like to take a moment to specifically thank the leadership here today and along with the respected teams for an absolutely extraordinary job. Not just their execution this past quarter, but over the last several years as we intentionally position the Company for the long-term prosperity and superior shareholder return. Our growth expanded product diversification and market positioning will continue to achieve higher highs and shift us infirmly higher loads driving a considerably higher through cycle cash flow generation capability. So team hats-off to you, you are the best team on the planet.  But to begin this morning, Theresa would you provide some clarity into our financial results.
Mark Millett: I think certainly the hiatus was reversed itself in the last couple of weeks and we have seen on the flat rolled side very, very strong order intake and I think on the long product side, it wasn’t quite as pronounced. I think the order rate just continued at a recently strong pace through that period.
Mark Millett: Well, I think the, firstly the market remains incredibly strong as I said in every market sector and we continue to see and believe strongly that that is going to into 2019 and so demand will be strong and increase - maybe incremental, but it will continue to increase. At the same time, imports are going to dissipate, I think the actions that the government owners have made are starting to take place with the slight refraction in market pricing of the highest we sold a couple of months ago, all the thrash import pricing is dissipated to some degree. And I think imports are going to erode further and if you look at the imports return to just a regular normal historical rate. I think this kind of demand to the absorb increased supply.
Mark Millett: Timna on the Columbus plant, bringing the new galvanize line allows us to make galvanize products for general consumption. So as we grow our automotive business from that plant as well as our paid business, it really put pressure on regular galvanized customers. So additional galvanize allow us to put more of our product mix in our value added products that also allows us to fully ahead expand to base line down there and as well as sort of the core demand in products and the automotive side that we have taken. So some of those that much more difficult process parameters to control. So this allows us to grow our business in keep in following in line for our customers base. So we are really forward to get this line and continue to take care of the customers we have as well as grow the business.
Mark Millett: No problem, oak we have started the rebar bundling area and that is where in much better than it did six months ago as we first started that with process. We had some equivalent problems from our supplier there. We are through those and that facility is up in running in much better norm we anticipate that being in full operation, full 2000 ton, pretty year level by the end of this year.
Mark Millett: So is that from a high level there will be some margin contribution from the asset itself, but the strong advantage is that pull through volume through cycles from those other divisions to low to high utilization rate there.
Mark Millett: We remain through the studies it's around by 30% or so of the 32% of its output is going to almost principally through processes. Columbus, where we pull this more on direct sales to the automotive clients particularly in Mexico they are continuing to gain market share. We are on platforms to take that up to 450,000 tons or so by the end of 2019. So I think it’s going very, very well.
Mark Millett: Yes. As we said in the past, our engineer bar is kind of bell weather to the general steel consuming industry or market. And it is literally across the board incredibly strong. It’s for have a highest factor volume as I have for the fourth quarter and literally we will as Theresa pointed out we will see a little seasonal impact on difference in the fourth quarter. We expect things to really, really open up in the first quarter next year.
Mark Millett: Well, I think long-term quarter is a probably preference from our perspective because it is allow support of the manufacturing base. Long-term - section two tariffs I do believe is a good stop back but one has to recognize this, and we are going to continue to have a little bit of capacity for some of time to come of that virtually every economy that is mature and or emerge since world war two are all based on excellence, their expert earnings. So there has to be some long-term sort of moderator or moderation of the flow imports on shorts. As a country, we are still short and one of the few countries that is, so we need to imports our manufacturing base needs that product. And I think closers tends to be the better way of controlling that.
Mark Millett: Well we have sort of three growth areas of focus. One is just continue to look at steel assets under performing steel assets that we can improve our culture in our business model to some around. Secondly, our team has developed an expertise in processing, main stream processing lines whether they be coded, whether they be painted. So with those opportunities I think are for that. On the fabrication side we have continued growth in debt offerings and then lastly full stream opportunities the big deal aim was to add and improve our margin profile, but more importantly or as importantly would allow a higher through cycle utilization rate and not be redundant, but we really are focused long-term but focused on making sure that our future high are much, much higher than they are today. But as importantly our future levels. We think pull-through volume allows us to achieve that.
Mark Millett: Well I guess, I will kick off first, but I think if you actually look at the most of our operating lines or processes, over time conversion costs remarkably stays somewhat stable and it’s because the team had the continually innovative and creative to become more efficient and more importantly they seem to have an incredible aptitude to push more tons through. And still the increased effectiveness of our operations seems to offset any sort of inflation we cost of materials or commodities.
Mark Millett: I don’t believe we see a near-term need to increase iron content from a quality standpoint necessarily. We certainly obviously are very aware of the cost, the best mix that get the most economic cost of almost fields into the furnace and at the same time maintain iron that look volatility. So you will see that in Columbus would probably 25%, Barry or thereabout big iron and in Butler we are around about 15% and that is purely an economic decision that we can get pig iron into the Columbus mill at a lower rate of [indiscernible]. Obviously we are creating this project and I think other project and new project that the more iron units coming into the marketplace were better off we and everyone in the electric are going to see there is going to be.
Mark Millett: Well, I would say that folks have a pretty fair to the assets right now. So, yes that valuation is generally are as you would expect through the world of the high, sort of the high end. If you actually reflects, as we reflect on the deals that we have done even going back to the Columbus deal, there has always been other factors in the, in our successful transactions whether it be folks wanting their employees to be in the SDI family, whether they want sort of clarity and some speed of transaction, there are other things that can perhaps play a role and get you an asset not top valuation. But it certainly that is the case.
Mark Millett: Well certainly I can’t predict it. I can only say and I can’t speculate is for the outcome. All I can say is that the pipeline is very reactive, there are a lot of assets at some point in time they are likely the I guess being transacted, but it’s a slow process where to say.
Mark Millett: Alright again thank you for taking time to listen to us today, listen to our story. We are pretty happy with the performance, like I said at the very beginning, I can’t be proud of the team in this room and the other 7700 employees that we have across the nation and Mexico. So from us we want to keep doing what we do best. Provide the greatest shareholders value in our space. So have a great day and be safe. Bye, bye.
Theresa Wagler: And the only other things I would add Matthew is that if you look at the Greenfield capacity expansions that have potentially been announced, those wouldn’t come into market for probably two to three years earlier. So, there is that part of the equation as well.
Theresa Wagler: As you know Dave, based on seasonality and the holiday and the customers base looking to realign inventories at the end of the year, this deal shipments are always lower in the fourth quarter and that goes back to as long as I have been doing this for last 20 years. So that would be our expectations as well, but I don’t think it’s been [indiscernible] anything that is unique to this market environment, it’s just normal seasonality.
Theresa Wagler: If you look the profile that we have and I mean you know [indiscernible] if you look at the cash and the balance sheet and the generation pace that we are adding in, we definitely have the capability to both maximize the repurchase program as well as look at the deals that we are looking at and it wouldn’t jeopardize our credit profile nor our ability grow, hopefully in the next downturn as well which is always something that we like to do is find great value in doing that.
Theresa Wagler: Curt, I'll take that, I saw your note last night, so I want to give more comment on based you are asking the questions. Actually if you look I'm going to address quarter-over-quarter before year-over-year, but if you look quarter-over-quarter our conversion costs are actually lower if you backed out number I particularly mentioned that $13 million is going to the cost and goods sold lines at Heartland, but more impact fully is the fact that now if you look at Heartland in the tax and its reason we are breaking out their volume they make up about 11% of our total steel shipments and you have to look at conversion on total steel shipments or you missed the cost impression, you can't look at it based on external. So because it’s now at about 11% of our volume versus we know it’s just a tax it was somewhere between call it 5% to 7%, there is a bigger impact because you can't get as much. There is a higher conversion cost that it looks like it’s having because we are buying our substrate outside of this company and so that steel cost input is getting mixed up. If you just look at straight conversion cost to steel operations in the sequential quarters they actually decreased. If you look at it year-over-year there has been an increase but not as sizable as you have mentioned. The increase is closer to $10 to $15 and that is really if you elect those refractory our operations they are in still performance stage from an incentive perspective, there is higher bonuses as well because the possibility is higher. So there is nothing that is significant for us to point out on and I'm happy to walk you through it later as well.
Theresa Wagler: As we look at your model, I would encourage you to try to separate the tax in the Heartland volume from the other steel mill volume and there is going to be an impact. So as you look at it the only thing I would tell you is you do need to change as your denominator, it's going to be an actual shipment, there will need to be total shipments.
Theresa Wagler: Timna, the only real significant contract business that we have to-date within the Flat Roll and generally about 50% of it is contractual where you are going to get a lag, that is based on the CRU index and that lag generally is probably about two months. And so you are going to have 50% that will be subject to spot and the other 50% subject to that contract. On the loan product side, generally there is no contractual business, there is a very small amount in the SBQ side of the business, but not enough for you to try to model.
Theresa Wagler: That line is the 400,000 ton line and it’s expected to be sometime in the first half of 2020. And so if you think about it also substantially reduces the amount of exposure that Columbus has of just straight hot roll which should be increased by much higher margin.
Theresa Wagler: I would not say that its worked its way through the system because the impact of the tax reform obviously the biggest impact was noted in the fourth quarter of this year however to say that that is going to - the systems to have addition projects additional fixed asset investments apparently the higher steel consumption I think that would be always incorrect - hasn’t been sufficient time. In addition to that with the repatriation of volumes coming into U.S. global company that as well just wouldn’t have had time to translate from brining the money in to building new factories to having additional investments in the U.S. in totality. So my expectation is that tax reform actually gives way to what some think is in economy that is already been on the up for a few long, they try to measure in the years and I don’t think that is probably appropriate for this time because I think with tax reform it allows us to have more ways and to last even further. So my personal view - our view is that now that there is still more to come.
Theresa Wagler: So the treasury team did an excellent job and the revolver has a provision, now it’s our choice to execute. Now if we were to get upgrade in any one of the agencies we would have the ability to actually bring into an automatic unsecured revolver which then could allow the other agencies to update as well. So it’s at our election but yes, it’s already there so we don’t have to make a change in the revolver shot for today.
Theresa Wagler: I would say that our goals are still the same on shareholder distributions, on winning it both transactional and organically. That being said just to strength in order we believe the steel markets are going and despite that we think we have different levers to be pulled as Mark’s point both in the high markets and in the low markets. I think we are probably heading toward that IG rating more quickly than what we may have anticipated and we may start talking a little bit more about it kind of in the coming months.
Chris Graham: I think you made a good point. This is Chris, we think that seasonality will higher match a little bit, but we do think that we will continue to - we will begin to start seeing spread.
Chris Graham: Timna Columbus, a couple of things of it. Obviously as mentioned the $140 million galvanizing line is going to be growth and that comes online in 2020. We are spending about $90 million to $100 million on I would say a enhancements at Columbus, it’s going to give us further product diversification, it allows us to get higher strength to all the grades, it allows us to get the higher strength, heavier-gauge energy pipe and tube grades. And then thirdly you have the paint line and although that is been running for some time and it’s well utilized, obviously they are going through product evaluation and the product although the margin will be enhanced as we get into more HVAC and appliance-type applications.
Chris Graham: Yes, 20% right now Mark, and that is growing because of starting up our new inspection in the bar turning line. A lot of that automotive SPQ still needs to be inspected so we had another kind of bottleneck right in that finishing area so with this expansion project that we are putting in right now starting up that helps us to dwell more and grow that from 15% to 20% now let's say to 25% to 30% in the future.
Chris Graham: Theresa in support of that the fabrication group would note that code activity in retail and hotels is now just starting to increase. And to your point that will take some time to get through the system, but we do assume that some of that might be from the affect of lower taxes on consumer incentive.
Mark Millet: My preference is still enough small scale, as you appreciate and we certainly appreciate, it seems to take just much time and effort and distraction of small deals and there is a big deal. But we certainly have a pipeline that is still very accurate and active across the breadth of scales and I think perhaps on the downstream pull through volume type opportunities. They are smaller-scale but the purchase we made some time ago, but there are other larger opportunities as well. We remain I would say disciplined obviously given the market before the valuations are pretty strong and we're working through those issues in sort of negotiations to discussions.
Mark Millet: I think I guess just on a broader prospective, this is all cash allocations strategy in general. Obviously we evaluate I wouldn’t say daily, but frequently the best use for our cash and we have always I think at least in the past use you are seeing use all the tools in our tool box there. We have the financial strength and basis to be able to not have to directed to one or another. So I believe the positive dividend stream profile will continue as our through cycling cash generation profile continues to increase as well. You are seeing the initial share repurchase program and we have got another in place the $750 million. And I think we believe prudently even more strongly today that our shares are - our market cap is undervalued and there is great value there. So I think you will as aggressively peruse that program. As we continue to evaluate further organic growth and transactional opportunities. So I think we look at all those mechanisms, there we believe opportunities for good value on transactional side yet and certainly obviously our organic and internal projects are absolutely the best place to spend on them.
Mark Millet: Well, I think the negotiations are playing out recently well for us generally in the steel industry. Again I’m very glad that the administration has been able to find common brand with kind of the Mexico this game, as a block we need to be working together and another game goes out. But, trade in general the silly program I think is worth and incredibly well is created a much level of playing field and has given release to the industry and is going to support, I think pricing in the market into next year. And I think as I said earlier imports generally are going to continue to roll I believe. Relative to Mexico and to the Canada and the so forth USMCA I guess we're going to be going in the future [indiscernible] nonetheless.  It’s a going to be benefit to us primarily it’s a sales of auto and auto parts which now will have a minimum content requirement and minimum wage component fair range, more U.S. thought production and more North American steel inputs. And we have seen actually just recently since the announce of research and order in clarity from Mexico there was a lot of uncertainty there for a while when no one knew exactly what was going to pan out. But as clarity has come to the forefront, again our customer base in Mexico is strong. But generally I think no one knows and one can only speculate as for the final details, but prudence will rule the day and its going to be a benefit for us.
Glenn Pushis: Glenn Pushis here, on the rebar project at Columbia city, we plan to starting that project up here, commissioning it’s at the end of fourth quarter this year and you asked about reception in the marketplace, obviously we have not made anything yet, but the reception that we are hearing from our potential customers and independent fabricators are very strong, lot of interest in that facility with the spooled coils and the custom cut-to-length that Mark said earlier.
Glenn Pushis: Its Glenn Pushis here. The Kentucky Electric Steel asset that we just purchased when we starting that facility up in two to three weeks. We have got employees hired and we have first order, bill is showing up. We have the materials to run. We have got about 4000 or 5000 ton backlog right now it’s about 12000 tons total that we got here market to start the facility up. Really the play there is we get supplier own ballots. Three of our facilities will supply those steel in less Virginia was supplying Kentucky electric some of the sizes, Roanoke electric steel, and Roanoke Virginia will be supplying some and then some of the Pittsboro facility. So really those are three facilities. We will be feeding that new rolling mill asset, and that will supplement Steel of West Virginia.
Glenn Pushis: I think from that market right now we are seeing order in three years historical highs both in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And we anticipate that that is going to be continue into 2019. 
