MarkMillett: Certainly, I would carry my comments that, as I've said in the past, you can, I think always clearly see what's happening in the marketplace through one's order book. And I think our order books across our space are in pretty good shape. But generally, obviously, fat roll demand is going to cutting probably strong momentum. There's a robust market recovery there, inventories are at almost a starkly low levels. We have low import activity, there's a -- although is diminishing, the arbitrage is still somewhat unattractive. So the supply side is very, very tight; lead times, as you see are extending; mills are -- some mills anyway have late deliveries. And all-in-all, that's driving market pricing up significantly, quite helpfully.  That being said, obviously, our third quarter results were impacted by sort of contract pricing lag. And that will revert obviously in Q4, but just specifically to the market times up in automotive, the US producers have I think achieved their anticipated 90% run rate, pre-COVID run rates. And I would say that the European producers actually are exceeding that. They're more than 100% of pre-COVID for sure. And that's being supported, obviously by low inventory levels in the dealerships. Dealerships that I talked to are struggling to get product. And I think if you look at just the automotive market in general, it's supports that; used car prices are extremely high today. And interestingly, that's somehow an impact on the scrap market. Because hoaxer, the pickup guys are keeping their cars longer.  And it's given a little tightness to the scrap supply. But nonetheless, it's a good market environment. And we believe that's going to continue. The low interest rate environment is obviously a positive as our low gas prices. I saw just yesterday, our gas prices dropped to $1 95. And so that tends to help certainly the truck sales. And I think generally, that's going to continue, the sort of urban desertion of people moving out of the cities. Rideshare sharing and Uber and most not necessarily as available. And people are needing cars. And I think automotives will remain strong. It's not just a sort of a two month three month replenishment of inventory. In that environment, we've been fortunate, we've been gaining market share. And I think both in flat roll and in MSPQ, just generally manufacturing is strong. We see residential construction, incredibly strong. And I think that's having an impact both the new construction and HVAC and appliance and garage door products, but also kind of the do-it-yourself renovation projects. There's been a change, I think, in consumer spending, people are not going out as much; they see themselves not going on vacations. And so they are actually I think spending that cash closer to home. And I think that's a positive going to next year for sure. Energy, low gas prices, low energy prices; global demand is there. So I think that's going to be weak for some time to come. A very, very strong positive is non residential construction. It's been in all honesty, incredibly resilient.  We see that in sort of heavy structural products demand fabricators are busy. Service center processes are buying stock off of our floor. And so I think there's generally low inventory through the supply chain there. And if you look at the Steel Joist Institute information, I think is incredibly persuasive. In September, Steel Joist Institute bookings were its third highest month in history; bookings are about 10% year-over-year. And it's largely driven by warehouse expansion and you keep seeing the e- commerce increasing; e-commerce in the first quarter at 11%, last quarter is about 16%. So the Amazons of the world are the distribution channel is going to remain strong. I think just yesterday, on Bloomberg, you saw Amazon reporting that they're going to be constructing about a 1,000 warehouses in the next year or two. So that business is going to be incredibly, incredibly positive, going forward. And that's translating into sort of a record backlog for new millennium, and is obviously [Indiscernible] into strong building products on the flat roll side of our business. It's HVAC pre paint is very, very strong. So I think, generally, it's a very, very positive environment, and we're very bullish. Again, you can tell what may happen as the pandemic continue to unravel. But through our eyes, through our order book today, is an incredibly solid, positive upward momentum.
MarkMillett: I think from automotive perspective, we are, the fact that we remain running, gave customer base optionality and just the availability of product for one thing, but secondly, the whole ESG sustainability story, I think is planning incredibly well for us and for electric arc furnace produces, particularly with the Europeans in all honesty and as they see their North American options. The fact that we have a wonderful sort of recycling ESG story is helping us now. So I think in the market share automotive is strong, also SPQ in auto, obviously, we constructed and ramped up the smaller diameter mill there some years ago. We're seeing some positive market share gains there as well.
MarkMillett: Well, I think Timna, our strategy is not going to change; we've always been somewhat conservative relative to the balance sheet and liquidity. We still remain very comfortable with our dividend profile, it's very manageable through cycle and it will remain intact. And during periods of excess cash flow we will continue to share repurchase program to complement that dividend policy. But right now, we see immediate strength and momentum in the markets. And I think things are good. But we'd like to see how things unravel for next three, four months, before we reinitiate any repurchase program. 
MarkMillett: I think we can gone on market share on several different fronts obviously just pure economics, the geographic location of that facility, and freight savings to the customer will be very, very persuasive. Number one, number two, we will be able to be very strong option for imports that floats through Houston. So just general economics or pricing or value to the customer will be massive. And, again, as we see a 27 million ton market between Southwest, the West Coast import market and, and Mexico. But also the technology is going to allow us to produce combinations of grade, strength and dimensional characteristics that are totally unavailable today in the US. It's an 84-inch mill, although a -- let me rephrase that, it's going to make a real 84 -inch wide coil, the current 84-inch mills in the US are just the width of the row itself, and so cannot make 84-inch true width, and you need 84-inch width to get into 26 inch diameter pipe.  And so that is a very differentiating commodity, particularly when you can go to one inch thick, 100 KSI steel. The technology, as we've said in past calls, it's a thicker slab. So it's going to allow a much, much superior surface condition. And if there was a technology or minimal technology to get into, exposed automotive, this would be it. We're not advertising that, but certainly would hope we get that one day. But higher toughness, highest strength steel will certainly differentiate the product portfolio compared to what's available in the States today.
MarkMillett: Well, we would contemplate all raw materials in honestly, I think you have obviously Nucor has been ramping up and is doing well now there. You have Cliffs will be starting their facility that likely would be ineffective from a freight perspective to go all the way down into Sinton. But certainly will find its way into the Midwest market. And just by association, they help the raw material pricing environment. Voest has a DRI or HBI facility in Corpus Christi. And I would imagine the Sinton mill would be a natural home for someone that material and so again, if the value is right, we would be consuming some of that material.
MarkMillett: Yes and regarding the ban, yes. There's some shifting of products here and there between the different players. But the market strength, and our results are; it's just the underlying demand profile there, which is going to remain in place for some time to come.  That concludes our question-and-answer session; I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Millett for any closing remarks.
TheresaWagler: So, Seth, your other questions related to the mix between private and public sector on the construction side, I would tell you that it's very heavily weighted at this point to private sector. Hopefully, if maybe some things happen in Washington, it could get more into the public sector eventually. But we're not seeing that at this point to Mark's earlier comments. And from a seasonality perspective as it relates to volumes. And we did come off record volumes for the fabrication, I'm not sure that will stay as strong, but we'd expect to see very strong shipments heading into the fourth quarter. And the split on the steel side, you really I think need to look at a split between long products and flat products. It's our estimation that given the strong demand that is existing today for the flat rolled products, I doubt you're going to see a lot of seasonality, or at least much less than you would see typically. And the long product, you're likely to see some but again, I think coming off of the very weak second quarter, we would expect to see some momentum carry into the fourth quarter environment and meet that seasonality impact.
TheresaWagler: And, I guess, the other component I would add is that with the advent of having reinforcing bar as a product set as we enter the market, we've been seeing some positive momentum from that as well.
TheresaWagler: Well, certainly for scrapped, Timna, we would see that going forward. Obviously in that business, it's kind of an inventory flow. You buy one month and you sell the next month. So when you have a stable pricing environment, one tends to do a lot better, as opposed to the periods where you just see progressive downward pricing trends month over month, and obviously volume played a big role in recycling.
TheresaWagler: Yes, from a recycling perspective, I'd say that remember we did close on the Mexican scrap company in the first part of August, which was actually very beneficial; we find that the Mexican market is a little bit different than domestic market. So it might be a natural hedge going forward as well. In addition to that, to Mark's point, if domestic steel productions phase very strong, which we expected to stay strong in the fourth quarter, you're going to see that volume come to metal recycling arena. So we would expect it to be very steady as not improving. And I think for the fabrication, you really kind of hit it a bit too in that with the low raw material input costs it had, it really did benefit from where the steel mills sort of suffered in the second quarter. So you will see that sustainable for a little while. But as steel prices continue to increase, it's not likely that you're going to get dollar for dollar margin expansion in fabrication, but we do expect to see still very strong volumes and good results.
TheresaWagler: And I would just add to that as a quick reminder that our sustaining capital is only $150 million per year. So as we get on the other side of the Texas Steel Mill, there'll be considerable cash generation, which we can use to Mark's point for continued growth, both organic and inorganic.
TheresaWagler: And I think from an end market perspective, what you'll see is that this will take market share along the lines, especially because we're starting with a paint line and a galvanizing metal coating line will be in the appliance arena, especially in Mexico, automotive in Mexico, HVAC, metal buildings will be a big focus point as well, then obviously, when the energy market comes back, we'll be right in the middle of that arena.
TheresaWagler: I'll answer the first question, Chris. And yes, our cash, our effective cash tax rate for 2021 is likely to only be around 3%. And that's just reflective of state taxes. Because at least currently with the tax code, with Sinton actually starting in 2021, we're able to, from a tax perspective, take the immediate depreciation impact for that. And it's quite significant. So we would expect that to take care of all the cash requirements from a federal basis for 2021. And likely that would roll into having some protection into 2022 as well; we just don't have that estimate at this point. 
