Mark Millett: Thank you, Tricia. Good morning and happy 2018. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. We appreciate you sharing your time with us this morning. I'd like to thank the entire SDI team for the dedication and exceptional performance last year. Along with the support of our customers, vendors and shareholders, we collectively achieved best-in-class results. Most importantly, we did safely; safely than ever before. On many measures 2017 was a record year both operationally and financially; record steel and fabrication shipments, record operating income of $1.1 billion, record EBITDA at $1.4 billion, and the momentum continues. The underlying positive market fundamentals coupled with our own growth initiatives, I was really excited for the coming year. With the beginning this morning, I'll ask Theresa to comment on our results.
Mark Millett: Well, I think anything we give might be a speculation. I think we're probably as close as anyone to it but I wouldn't put money on the table other than I think it's going to be positive. Just generally in trade, we're very happy and as we anticipate in our last call, the anti-circumvention ruling against Vietnam was very, very positive and I think that's going to end up flowing into other countries as well and Vietnam itself imported about 450,000 tons of coated product in last year. So that's generally positive, more specifically, the past trade cases have eroded in volumes in certain areas such as [indiscernible]. But volumes in general remain incredibly high as the Chinese subsidized overcapacity just remains in place and I think it's in several areas that is a problem that is honestly in cover sheet and galvanized on a flat roll side, those are at record import levels last year. And also in structural, we're still seeing about 1 million tons of straight beams coming in along with about 1.2 million tons of fabricated or pre-fabricated structures; so you have about 2.2 million tons of structural imports against 5 million or 6 million ton market, so that is a major issue along with [indiscernible] imports from Korea. And that's where I think Section 232 can have the greatest impact, I do believe there will be a positive remedy; if you just look at yesterday's announcement about washing machines and solar panels, I think it just gives you insight as per the climate and the thinking of the administration and I'm very, very confident that the administration will give a positive room for us.
Mark Millett: I think I've already enumerated the three principal areas Brett; coded I think will be a big benefit for us particularly in let's just say -- building products, it can come around at a higher rate. Type 2 [ph], although we don't produce it directly obviously the energy market is a huge -- the largest consumer, at least historically of hot roll coil, and if that tightens up, hot roll coil which is already tight today is going to be a very desired commodity. And I think just a structural -- the pre-fabricated structure would be huge for us along with which is a straight structure. When you have 2.2 million tons of that product coming in, and literally it's 5 million ton market, I think that would have tremendous impact because obviously structural products much in mill and also Columbus City is running at low utilization -- relatively low utilization as compared to [indiscernible].
Mark Millett: I think our general strategy is going to be no different this year than the past years. Our absolute focus and priority is organic growth because there we have the most effective capital sort of efficiency and return on our money. Secondly, transactional growth, we continue to see opportunities, we've been disciplined and careful but we see good opportunity there for great returns. And secondly or thirdly, we continue our sort of positive dividend profile; we'll remain conservative there, we recognize as we send them past dividends or private [ph], it's an absolute number, we don't necessarily yield the absolute number which is today but on $45 million but I would expect to see a continued positive profile there as our through cycle cash generation profile continues to improve. And we will continue to complete the shareholder -- the share repurchase plan we have.
Mark Millett: We've had a lot of experience in that field and I would suggest we don't see a good use of our cash in the HBI arena or in the merchant pig iron facilities at least as we see it today. Our focus remains in three essential areas; one, steel, obviously, we first and foremost sort of low cost efficient steel producers, so wherever we can infuse our culture and our experience, the turnaround in existing operations, strengthen the market that will be a major continued focus. Our folks are extremely good, obviously advanced stream sort of processing and so that is a focus. And thirdly, pull-through opportunities at least utilize their own steel and pull-through the supply chain to increase our through cycle utilization is a focus.
Mark Millett: Specific to auto, I think we gained incredible traction. I think a day before that [ph] put sort of direct auto team together and restricted our focus not away from but parallel to our primary or original sort of supply chain through processes. But that direct approach has been very, very positive for us; we -- I think shipped about 220,000 tons of automotive from Columbus just last year which is a massive increase and we're on platforms to increase that to about 400,000 tons over the next 18 months as new platforms come into play. So it's firstly the capability of the mill down there and we have a great team, I think is building confidence in the auto producers and they are also very, very confident about our balance sheet and partnering with us and our partnership is going to last 5, 10, 15 or 20 years; I think that strengthened our position.
Mark Millett: I think we're pretty well there at Butler, I know that 30% of our output is going into automotive, again principally through processors. And I'd like to see automotive at Columbus at round about 420,000 tons and capital [ph].
Mark Millett: Again, looking long-term, the scrap environment comment more but we look at a relatively steady scrap environment through the year going forward. Obviously, a little tight on the [indiscernible] this past month as the weather impacted flow and Turkey [ph] came in the market. But absent any massive impact from Turkey [ph], I think we're looking at scrap kind of sideways through the year and I believe that on the product side things are going to get tighter than they are today, it's incredibly good -- sort of macro environment. You've got generally a global environment that's been more positive than we've seen in many years and you've got stronger demand within China, their pricing continues to go up, the Asian arbitrage is not attractive currently. European pricing is probably higher than on a diluted basis today than their domestic pricing. So the global environment is very positive; you've got positive demand trends domestically, silver center inventories are relatively low. OM [ph] is surprisingly buoyant along with coking coal, so the raw material push for the integrated increased the global cost of coke and I believe influence are going to continue to moderate. So from a pricing perspective, I see pricing that continued an upward trend. So spreads in general, longer term, they are going to be positive.
Mark Millett: I think to highlight that business, the team has done a phenomenal job leveraging our national footprint there. And yes, we don't have record possibility, we have record shipments, the team continues to gain market share and I think 2018 is going to be a very good one for us. I think again, it's also a lot of optimism for us because inside into the non-residential construction arena that continues in online to be incredibly strong and growing.
Mark Millett: I think we're still in line with what we said on the last call. And fortunately our long standing relationships with the current electrode produces positive for us and we have committed supply for the year. About roughly half of our supply is sort of contracted on a fixed price for the year while the other half is still on a quarter-by-quarter basis. The impact to us is probably in the region of about $8 per steel ton year-over-year '18 versus the last year; so it's still well less than 1% of our conversion rate.
Mark Millett: Well, the team always surprises for the positive. The Butler facility -- again, record production last year, right after 20-plus years of operation and every year they improve and improve and improve. So Butler, I wouldn't say standout, it's still going to ease out a little bit but it's getting there. On the Columbus side, our focus for the past couple of years has been more product development, product diversification, getting into new markets and we're there today, and also -- more on our cost structure; the shift there will be in productivity across all the different lines and there are round about 3.1 million tons last year or so. Typically, we've been able to get 10% more out of our assets. All right, Barry [ph] is smiling at me across the table here but again, that's -- it's a phenomenal facility and I'm sure we can stretch that one, yes.
Mark Millett: Again, being a little speculative but I believe the negotiations are -- kind of ongoing. I think they meet in (Montreal yesterday or today) I do believe. I think if you look at the trade balance and the importance of Canada, maximum to the U.S., it is an extreme issue for that agreement to be council, I'm sure it's going to be negotiated, I'm sure it's going to be modified to some degree, it's 25 years old, so it probably needs some tweaking. But we're quite confident that [indiscernible] Mexico is going to continue to strike.
Mark Millett: And from a standpoint of transaction, again, I'm not going to elaborate anymore other than the focus is steel. It is sort of value added processing and pull through sort of volume type opportunities.
Mark Millett: And I think on the product side Michael, the supply and demand balances are changing just as the nameplate on the company so to speak. It is positive that CMC has started to get into a little more -- sort of coil remodel and again, that actually helps us as customers do like optionality and I think it's going to improve our profile there.
Mark Millett: Yes, as we enter our push is to supply to independent sort of third-party fabricators, we're not coupling our output of rebar to actual fabrication itself. So it really sets us aside from our new core and CMC competitors in rebar.
Mark Millett: I've had a conversation with some folks in the industry and they put a matrix together and I think there were a dozen of different speculative outcomes and as I suggested the group, I think it's a [indiscernible] because who the hell knows what is going to be presented. I do believe it's a combination or individually but tariffs and/or quotes [ph] -- but again, it's speculative for us to comment.
Mark Millett: The momentum is -- I would say is almost incredible. Across all spheres, all segments with the exception of agriculture. I think energy is surprising us and we're getting some customers back today, particularly in the heavier diameters with 3-inch to 6-inch which has gone into the seamless pipe; so that is a good sort of tailwind for us. Afterload equipment our customer base is indicating some pretty massive growth, like 20% plus this year as is the truck industry. So I think generally and we've always said in the past that energy rebar tends to be for us sort of a bad weather indicator to the steel consumer and economy as a whole; and when that kicks in, it brings me a lot of confidence, a lot of optimism going forward.
Mark Millett: Significant. I think you hit the nail on the head and that's why organic opportunities for us are so effective. And one has to recognize not only is the installation or the overhead cost low for the installed tons but the added utilization, you know, you add 250,000 tons to a mill that's doing 1.3 million last year, the overhead across all tons comes down dramatically. So the return is incredibly attractive.
Mark Millett: Thank you, Brenda. And thank you for those that may still be on the call. I think I will look our position as a company is phenomenal as we move into and through 2018. We have a general upward momentum for the markets in general, SDI has been outlined, we have a considerable number of sort of internal catalysts, earnings catalysts that differentiate us from our peer group I do believe. And then any two sections to clear two action, our infrastructure bill is just going to compound that and be cream on the top. So we're looking for a phenomenal year and we want to share that with you all and any customers and employees, any community members on the call too; thank you for your support, we can't do this without you all and we were just recently by Fortune Magazine what everyone wants, worlds most admired, or one of the most admired companies; again, we have almost 8,000 employees driving -- drive us towards that and thank you all. Have a good day, be safe.
Theresa Wagler: I think some of the European automotive production really appreciate our sustainability model as well and if that pull cycle or pull-through sustainability of our older cycle; so I think that [indiscernible] in a relationship perspective.
Theresa Wagler: Matt, I would just add; if you think about it from the fabrication, from order or kind of from bidding to work to deliveries, it probably about 8 to 12 weeks in that timeframe until with that the steel prices add their marking up consistently which flat roll has really done pretty much this year; it's hard to catch up but then once you're not in stability, not where the team and the fabrication side really has the opportunity to pass that through.
Theresa Wagler: I'll try to shape-in but I'm afraid we're not going to help build the monologue with detail but -- I'll start with the order book and the magnitude has changed from a volume perspective. We don't give specific guidance related to that and I think that helps to understand that but what I would say is that we are expecting volume improvement in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter; one, because the seasonality in the fourth quarter and the second is because we had probably at least 500,000 tons of less flat roll shipments because of the plant outages which -- actually we're very successfully completed I think sometime in your writing mention that we longer than anticipated, it wasn't, they were just longer outages because there were some additional work to be done. So all in all, the flat roll will expect higher volumes, we think the market is strong and we're expecting to see the higher volumes of fabrication are exceeded along product side as well, the magnitude of which we all provided on the call. From an EBITDA per term perspective, again, we try to give directional guidance and so we believe that there is definitely a pricing momentum on the flat roll side which helps to beat some of the long product side as well and SBQ is doing really, really well; we're seeing a lot of strides in that market. And so with that we would expect to see -- it would be anticipatedly higher average pricing again with lateral coming back as well. And on the scrap side, the scrap is high right now so we can see scrap -- these -- at least higher prices for a bit but then we see it moderate throughout the rest of the year; so I would like you all decide what you think will happen the first quarter. Related to the lag in orders for flat roll are probably closer [ph], 50% now of the volume that is lagging to CRU index; so that really lags initially about two to three months. So that's the lag on the flat roll side now and on SBQ, it's still very small, maybe 15% tied to some sort of tightening. So otherwise, we're definitely still in the spot -- spot market company. And then as a release to 2018 capital expenditures, we would expect to be somewhere around $250 million for the year and that includes about $80 million to $85 million remaining from both the round of rebar investment and then the structural rebar investment as well; and we tend to have about $100 million to $120 million that we would call not sustaining and the rest of that are efficiency project. So looking at the steel notes, we have some in fabrication as well. That could change during the year as the team continues to develop projects but right now that would be our best estimate.
Theresa Wagler: I would just kind of summarize; that we actually have over three -- probably close to 350,000 tons of extra capacities and today on the flat roll side and that's improved in value added mix as we start to ramp up the paint line which is still not being utilized fully, we don't get there by the middle of next 2018 results volume and upgrade at margins capability but we also have off our 300,000 tons of SBQ which is our second highest margin product, that's available based on 2017 shipments. And you have about 700,000 tons in the [indiscernible] between structural and rebar [ph]. So we've got close to 1.4 million tons of additional latent capacity network fall of it that's still available to us and that's without additional projects that tend to come about from time to time.
Theresa Wagler: It could be slightly less than 2018 with the expensing of the fixed asset but not appreciably though I would still stay in that range. From a modeling perspective, I think you will be closer but there could be some reduction and again, just depends on the CapEx spend. So right now you know how they ignore that and I would say we're somewhere around 24.5%.
Theresa Wagler: I don't know, I haven't calculated in 11-years, this is our 25th year anniversary. So I would say that Tenor [ph] is a completely different company, both in size and capability and so it's natural that our credit metrics have improved because in the past we've not let dilute shareholders, by issuing equity we really prefer to use that market to -- we're very thankful and very supportive with it. So I do believe that there are deals that will put additional leverage on the company but at a very appropriate position.
Theresa Wagler: Michael, I'm sorry you are cutting out. Can you -- we only heard -- I think if you want to ask the question about the CMC acquisition but we couldn't hear anything after that.
Theresa Wagler: The fabrication is a different type of fabrication Michael. So what we do in choice with that arena is that what CMC does with their fabrication, so I think there will be no impact.
Theresa Wagler: No, I apologize. So for the fourth quarter, we had rolled anti-no [ph] shipment for 869,000 tons, so for the total year it was 3,530,000 tons. For cold roll it was 112,000 tons in the quarter, where a total of 527,000 tons for the year. And for coated [ph], it was 678,000 tons or a total of 2,880,000 tons for the year.
Theresa Wagler: I'll check and start, [indiscernible] has confused everyone. There is two rebar project; the one at Rono [ph] which will be starting here at the first quarter, that will be $28 million; and the one [indiscernible] in total, that will be $5 million. So it's a total of about $107 million for those three of our projects and there are some carryover into next year for that capital but the total for Columbus city is $75 million.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, for the structural mill there is the 500,000 tons of additional full capacity with the three initiatives that Mark mentioned earlier and one pending the growth to the rebar division, the second is the [indiscernible], and the third component of the most significant in volume is this rebar project which to come online into this year. If we increased capacity at the structural division better than in ton, that's about $20 to $25 per ton benefit in cost conversion across all the volumes; so it is really meaningful to have these initiatives in place.
Theresa Wagler: Yes, we had an active dialogue with the agencies, we have to really track their relationship with them, and so we're now -- I agree with you, our credit metrics are partly strong and definitely I would say they are investment grade today and frankly, when you look at our issuances on the debt market and the capital market, we're getting very good pricing there as well. But the idea that we're really are traditional right now is transactional growth and transactional growth that we think could be meaningful. We really do want to use our balance sheet versus our equity or [indiscernible]; and so I think right now it's more of a unique timeframe where we're positioned from going over thinking there is growth opportunity that we just kind of --we're having conversations with them that we feel pretty good at where we are at the moment.
Russ Rinn: Certainly we've experienced the same issues that you talked about. Yet again, although it extends back to the change in the rail systems and in different functions the major rail rigs are taking the major rail where they serve us is actually pushing the smoother trait [ph] on the trucks which is making it a little bit more demand and has increased the bubble of the cost and the availability. I think long-term we do operate some of our own fleet, we do also operate some of our own rail cars, I think we want to position to be able to take -- to maximize our efforts in it but I think it is going to be a problem, we are going to see -- continue to see issues with primetime and retain drivers, both internal and also I think the trucking companies fall in line as well. So I think it's going to be an industry-wide issue that we all have to face which is higher rate cost more importantly.
Russ Rinn: We have the flexibility in the raw material we use, and there are times which are advantageous for us to use more collateral versus merchant. And as the spread has increased between merchant and flat roll, some of our advantages has deteriorated at that. The market is healthy, the demand is strong, it's literally just a matter of merchant not keeping pace with flat roll, we leverage flat roll more with our competitors, so our competitors have tended to hanging down the amount of merchant number and not necessarily allowing us to use much -- increase price as much with the care thing [ph].
Russ Rinn: Our perspective there has probably never been as obvious as we enter '18. Our backlogs in the east are -- initially out of the country are flat to slightly down while our backlogs in the west are starting to be well over 30% higher than they started last year. So we're better positioned to follow up wherever they maybe than ever before.
Russ Rinn: I think from our perspective I don't think it changes the landscape to a great degree. I think to begin they are not necessarily in our footprint, those acquisitions and I think again, as all opportunities in scrap, if we've got it available at the right price they will buy from us, if we don't they won't.
