Mark D. Millett: Yes, I think so. I think obviously from a pricing standpoint as we mentioned in the last call, we have about 40% of our sheet products indexed against CIU. And as a -- sort of lag there of -- amounted to for that pricing to kick in fully. And so as we move into the second quarter, obviously the pricing profile should be dramatically different. And I’m assuming that relatively moderate scrap markets for the quarter, I think one can imagine that margins will expand so.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think whatever happens is happening in that environment is positive for the industry in general, because obviously we are benefiting as an industry with the idling of Granite city of Fairfield of Ashland. And if they’re moving those tons are around and utilizing others to provide or get help bank supply and keep those operations idle. I think that’s very good for the industry and for the market in general.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think from the standpoint of export scrap there is obviously some positive activity there and that is for I think helped the recent uptick in pricing. Again, I think the predominant increase in pricing in April was forced by -- just a surprising increase in utilization of the -- that regard [indiscernible] sheet melt in an environment were flows are still low and as Russ said, those flow should start to pick up with higher pricing. And I think if you consider that we operated our sheet mills at near capacity, its just say, and others are likely to be doing the same because of the increase in demand in the last couple of months. The incremental or the additional price scrap needs are going to be minimal and that should contain pricing as to at the current levels. I think from the standpoint of domestic pricing, it should be sustainable for sure. For the near-term, I think the market is looking good for us into Q3 and certainly early Q4. The Asian pricing, the trade cases have certainly eroded the import volumes. And the -- more importantly, the U.S., the global spread is very, very low and in fact it wasn’t low. I do believe even with further upward momentum in pricing before you start seeing any major import interest. The Chinese market seems to be inspired. Their pricing is up and there is room in that spread to appreciate domestic pricing further, I do believe.
Mark D. Millett: Well the thing, as an industry we are all firmly aligned that the existing trade loss need to be enforced, and they need to be enforced in a much more expeditious manner going forward. So there’s total agreement there. On a sort of a intimated safeguard, I think my issue is that, a large portion of the hot band market which is pipe and tube has been absolutely decimated. And so it was one thing to erode imports coming into the country, but we still need a market -- a market place to sell our goods. And those folks need some protection. And I mean, its over 50% or 60% I do believe of their consumption is imported today, and they need some sort of safeguard before, again that industry gets decimated. So its -- I think personally there should be a long-term solution which is in place, just needs to be enforced and a short-term safeguard to safeguard that particular industry.
Mark D. Millett: No, I don’t think so. I think the markets are generally good. As we said earlier, it’s a little bit of a mix bag, off-road equipment, energy, agriculture is definitely soft. But the more intense consuming sectors, automotive and construction are remaining strong. I think the non-residential construction numbers both the macro indices but also our order book would suggest that we’re going to see continued growth in that area, and we’re fortunately highly leveraged. I think now we’ve got about 2.5 million tons of excess capacity that we haven’t been able to exploit yet most of which is correlated to construction. So we do see that second quarter and the third quarter being very, very strong as we go forward.
Mark D. Millett: I don’t think there was any basic change David, and honestly against the areas that were weak in 2015 will continue to be weak. Automotive remains very strong. Residential, I think although it ticked down a little bit here in the last month and so, year-over-year it’s improved and will continue to improve. Our garage door business is off the charts. So there is residential strength, we do believe. And non-residential construction for all reports from as I said macro indices and from our customers and also just the order book within New Millennium. They have year-over-year much higher backlog and quote activity right there. We feel quite optimistic that there is going to be incremental growth. The apparent consumption last year was about 108 million tons and we would love to see that growing to perhaps 111 million, 112 million tons this year.
Mark D. Millett: Certainly, Michael. And as you point out, I think we clearly demonstrated the earnings strength -- the cash flow strength of our business model through tough times. We’ve identified several, what I would consider capital effective organic growth opportunities; obviously we’re in the middle of building the paint line in Columbus. But we have about 400,000 tons or so of excess hot metal capacity of the structural mill. We have excess production capability at Roanoke, and we need to do something with the hot and Steel West Virginia which will ultimately I think give us even a greater hot metal capability. And Glenn is in charge with finding out the best effort for that excess capacity. We also are expanding the hot-roll galv line in Butler which will be a meaningful event for us. So there’s a lot of organic opportunity. Again that cash won't be expended in the near-term in the next six months or so, and they’re not massive -- massive consumers of capital either. What we’re actively exploring, venturing value add opportunities with a very specific eye on pull through volume such as we -- the model that we see at New Millennium it helps dramatically in the down cycle to maintain utilization, maintain cash flow and a more uniformed earnings profile. And also sort of mitigation of imports looking at opportunities that we can separate ourselves from the import world that this is going to continue for the years to come. And as we do that in parallel, we’re obviously exploring and evaluating the many M&A opportunities that are coming to market currently.
Mark D. Millett: On the flat-roll side I would say there is a little more gas in our tank, but not much. We operated at a great rate in the first quarter. I think there was some commentary from the -- from you folks, regarding our pricing and maybe a little disappointment there to the level of pricing given the environment we’re in. And again, I think that is focused principally to flat-roll and to the fact that 40% of our output is indexed to CRU, and there’s a one month, two month lag there. Additionally the tax, because of the business model [indiscernible] -- they tend to be looking about two months out. So its kind of again it slows the uptick in pricing. Our overall philosophy remains to keep a short order book hot band is not much more than four weeks. I would tell you that our Butler facility has been doing that for many, many, many years. Our Columbus team has not necessarily done that in the past. And so coming into the first quarter in January we were probably stretched out a little bit more at Columbus than we would typically be, but that is well in hand there.
Mark D. Millett: No, I don’t think so. I think we’re well placed. Some of the market share we gained such as in Columbus is on the value add end, the coated arena. We struggled or that facility struggled a couple of years ago with quality. And I think the teams Butler and Columbus working together have done a phenomenal job getting the quality to where it should be. We’ve reclaimed a lot of those -- those former customers and they’re loyal customers, and we should retain them. So now, I think we’re in a good spot. We have gained market share. We gained market share on flat-roll. We gained market share dramatically on our fabrication division, and I’m comfortable where we are.
Mark D. Millett: And I think you’re right. There is a little bit of a shift to maintenance away from sort of mainline track build. But we seem to be continuing to pick up little market share in that product line.
Mark D. Millett: We currently utilized vacuum degassing for approximately 5% of the grades and its development work primarily right now. There are some continuing products, but part of our long going strategy to get more into automotive, we usually device more and more each month.
Mark D. Millett: Thanks Adam, and thanks to all of you that remained on the call for your support of our company. We have an absolutely phenomenal team. I think [indiscernible] how we’re differentiated as a team and as a business model, we’ve colossal cash flow generation again in tough times and it will continue. It gives us great opportunity for the future. So again thank you to you all, and to those customers on the line, my sincere thanks for your support. And for the employees on the line, guys and girls stay safe and keep doing what you’re doing. You’re making us a special company. Thank you.
Theresa E. Wagler: The another one thing that I would add to that David is that, with the big bump that you saw in the first quarter that was related primarily to the Flat Roll Division and the Flat Roll Divisions were basically at very high capacity already. So any additional volume improvement you see would need to come through markets that are attached to long product mill.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes. So, Mike we do want to keep that positive different profile. But we also want to keep in mind that we’re a cyclical industry. And so we want to make sure that it’s sustainable at the levels that it is because we view dividend that’s forever. So it’s definitely one of the outlooks that we’re going to be looking at and we look at other outlets to return to shareholders as well. And to your point the credit profile that we have today is extraordinarily strong. And so, I think right now it’s a matter of waiting for a period of time to see where the inorganic opportunities fallout as they come to bear for us to look at those and over the next call it 12 months or so. And then as we’re generating cash flow on the way we’ll make some decisions possibly do some other allocations as well and maybe not just in the organic arena, but the organic and then their possibilities. So I think right now we’re looking at everything. But the most important strategic move for us as Mark mentioned was to look for pull through volume and to make sure that we’re using our -- the assets we have in place as efficiently as we can.
Theresa E. Wagler: But in addition to that, Timna remember the long product pricing came down as well in industry, I mean it crossed the industry. So its not just flat-roll, that price that you have is a mixed average.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, I can. So for the first quarter across Flat Roll Group, hot-rolled and P&L shipments were 790,000 tons, cold-rolled was a 129,000 tons, and coated was 738,000 tons.
Theresa E. Wagler: No, the expectations are a lot the best estimate I would give you would beat around $250 million; it will probably be a bit less than that. But with the paint line it’s definitely loaded more towards the back half of the year.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, we did some framework changes in the working capital which should reduce some of it effectively from hereon now. But you’re right; the pricing moves will have an impact as well as maybe some inventory volumes on the raw material side. And so, I would expect the second quarter could have some draw from working capital both from receivables and an inventory perspective. But then as you go to the second half of the year I think that, that pretty much gets mitigated and working capital won't have that much of an impact.
Theresa E. Wagler: So from the value added perspective Aldo, we’re actually probably being a little bit light on that, because we’re just including anything that beyond hot band that there’s actually some hot band that I think, lets just say value added as well. So that number really is higher. And so really its just 45% hot-rolled for them and the rest was P&L and cold-rolled and hot-rolled and cold-rolled galvanized.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yes, that was really -- those were really changes that we made throughout last year. Aldo, we’ll just have a reemphasis on making sure that we’re being disciplined in watching what the raw material volumes are, what finished goods volumes are. And there’s also been a change at Columbus, and there’s probably still some opportunity there just based on how we typically operate versus how Columbus may have operated with their working capital in the past.
Glenn Pushis: Absolutely it’s a little early to make any agreements in place. But the supply chains will naturally dictate some of its work and that’s what we’ll work first to optimize.
Glenn Pushis: Good morning to you. Phil, the engineered Bar Products Division, our capacity utilization for the first quarter was right at 72% and not in cash than 60% rolling. In those markets the automotive is still very strong for them. They had a great new first quarter with a small mill that they fired up there last year and ran some good tonnage through that facility. So that helped to flatten the first quarter. So if you think they were growing market share in that arena, I would tell you it’s in the small bar area with the start up of that new facility down there last year. But again a typical, you’ve heard Mark say the automotive is strong, ag and energy is still soft. The coal finished business has been I’d say stable, steady as it is well in the quarters. So that’s kind of where we’re at and what we see coming.
Glenn Pushis: Yes, I’d agree with this to your later comment. I think its more, just a stable market right now until we see what happens in the second and third quarter.
Glenn Pushis: I think we’ve already spoken to the extent of that actually, because again its focused on value add downstream type opportunities. We want to enhance the quality of our margins. We want to see greater pull through volume so that we can at least slow -- mitigate some of the cyclicality of our earnings profile so that we have some higher highs, but higher lows going forward. I think one needs to recognize that we’re intensely global industry today and that imports are going to be with us forever. And so we need to ensure that our business model tends to insulate us from an import pressure. Additionally again the financial stress in the system is bringing a lot of opportunities to market and we just assess those as they show up and see where some opportunities may or may not align with our long-term plan.
