Mark Millett: Super, thanks Tricia. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. I would appreciate you sharing your time with us today, and I hope everyone has enjoyed the summer. It seems hard to believe we’re already headed into the home stretch for 2016.  We recognize you all have a busy day today, so we’re going to keep our prepared remarks a little briefer than normal. But I do want to take a moment to welcome our newest team from Vulcan Threaded Products to SDI family. We completed the acquisition in August and integration is going very, very well. We're excited to have everyone aboard and look forward to growing our futures together.  I'd also like to thank the whole SDI team for an incredible job in producing an excellent quarter -- this past quarter. And I think when earnings season is complete it will show their effort has once again driven a best-in-class performance relative to our peers in the industry. So again, phenomenal job guys and girls.  But to begin this morning, I have Theresa to comment on the financial perspectives of our third quarter performance. 
Mark Millett: Evan, I believe there are numerous options. We've actually had a very very very busy summer reviewing those options. We're very very disciplined though, we want to make sure that any opportunity conforms to our culture, conforms to the fact that we can bring that culture to leverage better performance, making sure that there is diversification and making sure that it really differentiates ourselves or we’re going into business businesses where we differentiate ourselves from who of that competitor might be. I would say in general, and there's no algorithm or formula. But as a gut feel we’re aiming for roughly 20% of our total capabilities, so that’s probably a couple million tons. The new millennium billing systems, they pushed about 600,000 tons of product in total. If we wanted to, they could have bought a lot more this past year. But as you know in the second and third quarters, our steel mills have better options to the sell that product at higher margin. To others, while new millennium, they were to take advantage of lower sort of commodity prices that some of our competition were offering. So I think the model is a very valid one. Because again as steel pricing did come down this year, the lowest new millennium raw material input cost and their earnings, so having that pull-through volume allows us to head through the market, insulate us a little bit from -- help mitigate a little bit the cyclicality of our business. And it will be a focus for us going forward. 
Mark Millett: Not quite. I think the sheet buyers anticipated further price erosion and I've been sitting on the sidelines of over the last couple months, probably two or three months for that matter. But I do think that we are approaching an inflection point for sure. So the kind of the slight dampening of demand that this suggests I think is principally seasonal. There is obviously a lot of noise out there as to the marketplace and there are some markets that are off. But I would tell you we are strong believers that there are no -- that there is not a structural change in demand, it’s principally seasonal. And that we’re going through the similar cycles we saw last year -- the fourth quarter of last year was pretty well paralleled what we’re seeing today. And that the volatility is driven more by I think procurement decisions, by inventory positioning than any structural change in demand.
Mark Millett: I think we’re certainly at the bottom of the marketplace. And I think there's an inflection point around the corner and whether that is next week or whether it's a month or two, your guess is as good as mine. I would tell you that -- I don't know whether one week makes a market but the order activity and the inquiry activity just in the last week we're going to have is considerable compared to the last two or three months for sure. But if you look at the probability of price direction and an inflection point, there are several -- several factors that in my mind would suggest that the pricing is going to be moving up. The import arbitrage has certainly reversed itself. Import pricing today is very very unattractive. Hot rolled coil Q1 offers are probably 4.60 to 4.80 today, give or take a little bit on a delivered basis. The import light gauge coated products, the spread to domestic product was I think peaked right to 180 bucks, the standard to $100 today it would strengthen Asian market. And customers are starting to see that import deliveries now from the smaller countries where both have to pick up coils from different ports and deliver them to different ports, there is a certain unreliability there that, that’s creeping in. But there's no doubt that the import scenario is changing dramatically. And I think Russ would tell you that scrap prices has as likely reached the floor. So that's the eliminating that resistance to ordering steel due to any anticipation of falling scrap prices so that's beyond us. And I think scrap is somewhat at parity and with the Chinese billet conversion for Turkey. So that's probably going forward kind of a flat up a little type pricing environment and so there's no incentive for folks that hold off or in today from the raw material perspective. As you said supply side inventories are at very low levels and some may look at the fact well it's on a shipment rate basis two point four two point five months when I set a pretty low shipment basis. When the tide turns that suddenly is a very tight position for the rich folks to the end.  And then the raw material cost structure of the integrated mills, coke has gone orbital, doubled or more than double in the last few months. That's putting pressure -- pricing pressure on the integrated mills. Again three cases are going to remain in effect and limited in the import levels as well. And one other kind of side note, the speculators that tend to take large positions and they're the ones that tend to draw all the market pricing down in a trough like period that we're in today. Most of those folks have taken those positions. And so I think the pressure is off. So you have a model multifaceted kind premise that we’re nearing an inflection point. 
Mark Millett: And then to your second question on Mexico. Obviously that is an incredibly -- well it's boom time for steel. And a couple weeks ago I spent some time down there and even though you read about it and you hear about it and you study it, the growth there is it's unimaginable. And it's also -- well most of it is steel consumer. We're in an incredibly good position with the Columbus acquisition, those folks from the KCS line. So they have a direct access down through the spine of Mexico, from Monroe, some fuel, and I can't pronounce these names San Luis Potosi --But nonetheless we have a great great logistics avenue to penetrate that market.  The recycling platform actually has been developing quite well down there and we have about 240 million to 250,000 tons of material that we’re responsible for sort of processing and distributing and selling to the U.S. Automotive companies, Ford Chrysler, the stampers as they move down. They want us to continue to use to service them in that environment because we are a sort of a public company, someone they know and that they trust, so that business has developed quite well. On the steel side, I think Barry, we're going to sell 180,000, 200,000 tons of product into Mexico this year. Our aim is to move that up to somewhere between 400,000 to 500,000 tons. The advent of our pain line coming online in the first quarter will certainly help and facilitate that bombing. But we're well on a way there or already.
Mark Millett: As you said we’re very focused on downstream value added type opportunities that would perhaps have higher margin or better quality margin as I’d like to call it and gain that pull-through volume. And I think there remains -- we've looked at a lot of them this summer and discounted them. Again I think we’ve hopefully demonstrated that our acquisition and inorganic growth strategy is very disciplined. We’re not going to be emotional and outbid someone just to get it and pay an exorbitant number. Nor are we going to grow just for growth sake. We're going to be very very very patient.  Relative to investment grade I would suggest that we will eventually get there. We're not looking to sort of engineer that in the near term. 
Mark Millett: We had probably around million a half tons or so, maybe 2 million tons of what I’d consider latent capacity or that we just haven't had a market to totally exploit. And most of that is correlated to construction. 
Mark Millett: That is principally beams, merchant shapes from Roanoke as well. Obviously some of it would be a little bit would be from engineered bar products, but not too much. 
Mark Millett: I think the latter. I don't think that the increase in scrap consumption by integrateds is going to make a meaningful impact on the price or the supply demand balance. And so pricing there really is driven more by exports than anything over the last few years and as Russ articulated, we don't see that changing much from the last few months. So not too much pressure there. I think it really does pressure the cost structure of the integrateds. You certainly see the Asian pricing, Chinese pricing going up I think largely because of the increase in coal costs. And I think it sets sort of a nice environment in the US that at some point they're going to have to compensate for that and increase their pricing. So to your last point, yes, I think it's supportive of hot rolled coil. 
Mark Millett: Good try on the end there, Aldo. But those compound questions are tough to handle. The pricing environment I would say is principally product mix and also we have on the sheet side of the business a reasonable amount of indexed contract which lags and so that helps support our price in a downward price environment. 
Mark Millett: Well let’s simply say that we feel that our share prices is dramatically undervalued right now. And I'll just leave it at that. End of Q&A
Mark Millett: For anyone on the call again thanks for sharing your time with us. We’re fully focused on yourselves, we’re fully focused on our employees and fully focused on our customer base and other constituents. And I just would like to thank everyone for their support of our company and to the employees that may be on the line guys and girls, absolutely phenomenal job this past quarter and for everything you do for us. You do set us apart. We are best in class and we’ll continue to be so. And just be safe in everything you do. Thanks everyone.
Barry Schneider: Absolutely, agree and I would add that in some cases we're developing more products to service that market at Columbus. So some of it is just being able to make newer products that are being asked for. 
Barry Schneider: From the flat roll side of the business, the Columbus operations went through a pretty significant regular maintenance outage in the third quarter. So the additional costs you see in conversion have to do with some of that – some of the bigger jobs that we took the opportunity to get behind us. They all went well but some of those jobs are expensive. So that's the Columbus side of the business. 
Barry Schneider: Absolutely. We do have an outage that we did fourth quarter here in Butler but less costly overall than what we saw at Columbus.
Barry Schneider: The equipment’s all been ordered, the products that we sell on the line for the most part we have a great mix of products that are developed. So as we get closer to implementing the – be through second quarter next year when most of the equipment’s actually being installed. It's also going to allow us to do a lot more housekeeping between the two galvanizing lines at Butler as to what products we specifically run on which line. So for us we do see the ability to add some new customer base there. But we’re really exploring what we want to grow with our existing customer base.
Barry Schneider: Second half -- mostly the equipment construction and installation will be first half, mostly second quarter and then third, fourth quarter, we'll start seeing those improved production numbers. 
Barry Schneider: I would say there's also a Columbus – we acquired scrapyards in the region and right now we are doing quite a bit of housekeeping in those yards to bring those up to where we want them to be. So it's not capital investment right now at this point but we've been bringing those costs in and not exactly seeing the volumes to offset those yet because we're more interested in making sure that the infrastructure there, the process of bringing scrap to the yards, so we're spending more money on those scrap businesses right now that will be offset in the future but it's not really a structural change, it’s just a new cost for Columbus, that’s some of the additional costs we’ve seen.
Theresa Wagler: David, we tend to try not to give expectations even near term going out. We did mention the fact that we are expecting lower volumes actually across the platforms as well, primarily because of seasonality. And so yeah, we’ll see a reduction, I'm not sure that it will be in the same magnitude but it will be meaningful probably compared to third quarter. 
Theresa Wagler: I would just comment, part of the optimism is coming from the advent of the highway bill and conversations, that if you’ve paid attention to some of the states that actually committed significant dollars to these infrastructure type projects. However given the election year it's really not dependent upon who may win the election but it's just trying to understand which administration will be in place. And so there has been some pullback and the expectation is that that construction will start in 2017. So we believe that there could be some pent-up type of construction projects available coming into the first half of next year.
Theresa Wagler: Brett, I would just add from IG comment is that if you look at where our notes are trading today we’re basically only about maybe 15 to 20 basis points wide of investment grade, until we would like to retain the flexibility and optionality that being in the position we're in today affords us for growth. And then to Mark's point eventually we’ll just get to IG on our own but for right now I think we're well positioned. 
Theresa Wagler: And I would say heading into the fourth quarter it really will depend upon obviously volumes but I think from a one-off perspective we won’t have more significant items such as the Columbus outage.
Theresa Wagler: And if you think about it, that was a $15 million investment, it’s a very cost effective. And then you wanted the volume, so hot rolled and P&O for the quarter was 770,000 tons, cold rolled was 163,000 tons and coated products were 688,000 tons. 
Theresa Wagler: No, I wouldn't suggest that all of that is, because you did have a significant reduction in volume, so 9% reduction in volume does have an impact on conversion costs. So I can't really tell you how much of that was related to Columbus off, I don't have those numbers but it certainly wasn't all of it. 
