Theresa Wagler: Emily, we have – across the portfolio of those steel mills, we have a mix. So for example, and then to be able to split it out in a manner on a percentage basis, I’ll have to kind of go back and talk to the team. But I would say it’s probably at least 50% to 60% that’s contractual, and they tend to be long-term contracts of two to three years, have escalating factors included in them. And the remainder is spot. There is some that we hedge. Sinton right now is a little bit difficult simply because, as Mark mentioned, we’re in startup and they actually constructed a massive substation on our behalf in the region. And so I think most of Sinton at this point is still on a spot basis because of the stop and starts that we’ve been having right now in July.
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely, Seth. We’re still – so I don’t – I guess I wouldn’t call it a significant increase. I think the increase in the second quarter for working capital was just a little over $100 million. So I thought that small, but given the size of the working capital at this point in time, it was incremental. But we would expect a pretty significant working capital release in the probably two to three quarters. And it has to do with not necessarily just have seen some weakness, as Mark mentioned, or some softening in the flat-rolled prices, but we’ve also been specifically reducing physical inventories at our steel fabrication business as they had extra substrate for different reasons on the ground from a steel perspective. So there’s some structural things that we’re doing as well as from a pricing standpoint. So again, second half of the year into next year, I would expect working capital release.
Theresa Wagler: Carlos, I’ll point you to the presentation that’s still out on the website that we provided on Tuesday. But from a CapEx progression standpoint, we believe we’ll spend somewhere between $200 million and $300 million on the flat-rolled aluminum project in 2022. That would be additive to the number that I gave you earlier for the estimate for the rest of 2022 of being in that $350 million to $400 million range. And then the bulk of the spend will be in 2023 and 2024, each of those years being around $750 million to $800 million. And then finally, we would have the remainder, which is around $300 million to $350 million in that 2025, 2026 time frame. So it’s over a period of four to five years where we’ll be spending the investment. And that’s why Mark was very clear, and I’ve tried to be clear as well that this will readily be funded through cash flow and cash flow from operations.
Theresa Wagler: Absolutely, Phil. The hot roll P&L number is 861,000 tons; cold rolled, 131,000 tons; and the coated products are 1,132,000 tons.
Theresa Wagler: So Phil, for the second half of the year, excluding the aluminum project, we estimate CapEx to be somewhere between $350 million and $400 million, and a majority of that relates to the four new flat-rolled coating lines. If we look at what we may spend on the aluminum investment, we’ll likely spend an additional $200 million to $300 million. So the total second half of the year is likely to be somewhere between $550 million and call it, yes, around $550 million, $600 million.
Theresa Wagler: No, the intent isn’t to intentionally lever the balance sheet. We like to maintain it at a flexible level to allow for growth projects just like we’re doing right now. So we did this with Sinton as well. We started out with an additional cash, lower leverage on the balance sheet so that we were able to very easily commit to a capital investment that would be funded through cash and cash flow from operations, while maintaining flexibility and optionality in case there were to be some sort of acquisition opportunity that were to become available, et cetera, or in the absence of that, so that we’re able to continue to have our very, we believe, is a positive shareholder distribution plan, which allows for us to continue to keep increasing the dividend at an appropriate level, because it is a forever type of investment for us. We want to make sure it’s maintained at a manageable level. And then in addition to that, we have the opportunity to strategically and opportunistically use the share buyback program. So there is no intention to relever the balance sheet, but we are keeping that flexibility within it so that we can easily fund these projects.
Theresa Wagler: We actually don’t manage to a cash level on the balance sheet. We look at liquidity in totality. And so yes, I’m not really comfortable answering that question.
Mark Millett: Emily, that’s the electrical power. On the natural gas side of things, we typically hedge around about 60%, 65% of our consumption.
Mark Millett: Well, I think, Carlos, you saw generally a sort of erosion on the hot band, hot-rolled coil pricing across the U.S. in general, and it was a little stronger in the South, because of the reasons that you suggest. As I suggested, we’re seeing our order activity on hot band recently pick up dramatically. And so I think there’s no support there in that product category.
Mark Millett: Well, from a pig iron perspective, we certainly would like to pursue sort of some level of captive supply and self-sufficiency. And not unlike the last call, we are pursuing or exploring whether the Iron Dynamics technology or an alternative technology is best suited for us. But that’s sort of a project in process going forward, Timna. If there were to be a project, again, from a capital perspective, that’s not a huge, huge issue. I’m sorry, I didn’t catch the – quite the second comment or question.
Mark Millett: Well, I guess, all we can do or all I can do is look through the lens of our order book. And as I mentioned over the years, a wise man told me that, hey, the order book tells all, but it tells all for us. I can’t speak for the rest of the industry. But we’re not – we haven’t seen a dramatic structural sort of change in underlying demand. Order activity has remained pretty strong. There was a little softness in hot-rolled coil, and that’s rebounding, I think. And so there’s – when I say sort of motion in the marketplace, there seems to be a cloud out there that you got recessionary pressures and all these things going to drive the market there. As just pointed out, right now, through our order book, we don’t see it.
Mark Millett: We had, I would say, a mix. There were right at the onset of the conflict. We did buy a couple of both that were at the high end of that range over, but we now have a kind of a mix of material. I think the highest we may have paid is like $900 or so a ton. We got a couple of boatloads of that. But then we have a lot more material coming in at lower pricing. And the forward boats are tending to be indexed against the market price. So it shouldn’t be a major impact for us.
Mark Millett: Got it. The – and again, it’s – we’re wrestling alligators a little, I guess, and sometimes you don’t know when you’re going to win. But I suggested earlier, our July issues have probably cost us 100,000, 150,000 tons, Phil, from our annual sort of projection, and we were around 1.5-ish. So you can do the math, Phil.
Mark Millett: Well, thank you, Holly. Again, thank you, everyone, for being on the call joining us today. Just finally, I’d like to congratulate once again the team. Absolutely fantastic performance this past quarter, and we’re continuing that through the rest of the year. To our customers, again, you have been loyal to us. Thank you for your support and for the growing support. And I would also like to look forward to welcoming our new customers on the aluminum side and any folks that want an incredibly dynamic career, come join us, we’re going to be making some aluminum. So thank you very much, everyone. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
