Theresa E. Wagler: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Steel Dynamics' second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Leading today's call are Mark Millett, President and Chief Executive Officer of Steel Dynamics; and myself. We're also joined by Russ Rinn, Executive Vice President of our Metals Recycling; Chris Graham, Senior Vice President of Fabrication and Manufacturing; Glenn Pushis, Senior Vice President of Long Products Steel Group; and Barry Schneider, Senior Vice President of Flat Roll Steel Group. Please be advised that certain comments made today may involve forward-looking statements about future events that by their nature are predictive. They're intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1955 (sic) [1995] (01:19). We refer you to a more detailed form of this statement contained in the press release announcing this earnings call. These predicted statements speak only as of this day, July 19, 2016, and involve many risks and uncertainties related to our business and the environments in which we operate, any of which may cause actual results to turn out differently than anticipated. More detailed information about such risks and uncertainties may be found in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports which we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Mark.
Theresa E. Wagler: I was going to say that just another thing. If you look at the growth expected in Mexico from an armored production perspective, that also bodes well for Columbus, given the freight that we have in, in Mexico. So that's another thing that we are looking at.
Theresa E. Wagler: Without going into specifics, I kind of let into a little bit in my opening comments that the utilization number is a bit misleading because at 95%, it's really heavily weighted towards the fact that Butler and Columbus actually operated at 105% to 110% of their rated capacity for the quarter, which obviously isn't sustainable for a year, but they did it in the quarter. And so, that masks some of the capability and the opportunity that we're going to have at the long products. So there's still some meaningful cost compression that we should have across, actually, the structural mill and definitely the Engineered Bar division. So there is some leverage there. And as it relates to Columbus, Columbus conversion costs are very strong right now, being that we brought them very much in line. There was a lot of progress that was made in 2015, yet there are still some financial obligations that are outstanding, and we are trying to work through those. They have varying dates of expiration. And so, that's probably still another $5 to $8 a ton of additional cost that we are incurring at Columbus that we hope one day we won't have to.
Theresa E. Wagler: And related to the second part of the question, Brett, we're very, very open and transparent with the agencies. And so, I think, S&P just came out and moved our position of liquidity from strong to exceptional, which I'm not sure what that means, it sounds good. So we're very open with them about our plans for growth, and that's both inorganic and organic. And so, I don't think we're accidently going to become IG. I think at some point, we will, just by the nature of our cash flow generation and the maturity at which we're gaining on the operational platform. But right now, we feel like we're really strongly positioned in that BB plus range. We've got access to all the different capital markets. We have great support from the investors. And so, for us, it gives us, I think, maximum optionality and flexibility when we're really in this growth-driven state today.
Theresa E. Wagler: So Evan, from the perspective of valuation, obviously, we don't want to be too specific. But I think Vulcan is an example of something where we've been able because of the management team and different things sometimes to be able to elicit really great value. And so, Vulcan was about a five times multiple, which I think is extraordinary. I know it might seem like it's on the smaller side, but that's an example. If you remember going all the way back to Columbus, Columbus was actually less than a six multiple. So I think that kind of gives you a track record for how management feels about valuation. And regarding your question on EBITDA margins, we're really looking to drive that high, as high as we can. And so, we are – excuse me, so we would look toward being higher than our average EBITDA margins today but, more importantly, higher than what we've seen in the historical past so that through cycle we can maybe need some of the volatility.
Theresa E. Wagler: So, Phil, first of all, over the Flat Roll Group, about 60% of the overall volume is spot. And so that trades as the spot market trades. If you think about the other 40%, most of that is tied to CRU in some form or fashion, and CRU already lags about four weeks, and our contracts lag another two months probably.
Theresa E. Wagler: Up to two months. So you're looking at potentially two months to a quarter worth of lag over that 40%.
Theresa E. Wagler: Well, I think, Phil, your question was around maintenance, and whether we're taking maintenance or not. And so related to that, I'd just remind you that we mentioned it that Columbus facility actually will be taking one of the galv lines down for a bit of time, because they want to put in – it's part of the paint line investment itself, and so that's probably going to impact some volume in the third quarter and we're kind of estimating that to be around a $5 million impact.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yeah. Sorry, Phil. I'm glad you did that. Second quarter flat roll shipments across the Flat Roll Group, hot rolled and P&O combined was 872,000 tons; cold rolled was 166,000 tons; and coated, which will include painted, galvanized and Galvalume, was 750,000 tons.
Theresa E. Wagler: Yeah. The full-year guidance right now is $225 million, and obviously that's pretty much back loaded to the second half of the year. This really primarily relates to the expected payment stream to support the Columbus (01:04:50) paint line.
Mark D. Millett: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I hope and trust you are all enjoying the summer, and I'm going to have safe summer with that. It seems difficult to believe that we are already halfway through 2016. I guess time flies when you're having a lot of fun. But thankfully, we have a notably improved profile compared to last year. To begin this morning, I would ask Theresa to comment on our second quarter financial performance.
Mark D. Millett: I think the team at Butler has done an absolute phenomenal job. If you look back, when a little English man was running the place up there, we were around about 2.2 million tons – about 2.4 million tons, and all they had to do is kick me out.
Mark D. Millett: And so, they went from 2.4 million tons, I think – they probably have about 3.1 million tons of capability there, way above the – way, way above the rated capacity. I would say, Columbus, they've already demonstrated on the half side, the ability to get around about 3.4 million tons, and that's without the – so the prodding and the innovation and the creativity of the employee base. And I would say there is good room for movement there.
Mark D. Millett: Well, that was a compound question, Tony. Let me start off by saying, I think import levels are down about 25% year-to-date. But we do, indeed, see activity picking up a little bit. The global spread for hot band is in excess of $200 a ton today. And so, it's natural for that to occur. But I think it's been amazing that the import pricing, though, remains pretty resilient, I would say, unusually resilient and maybe there is import offers now about 50 bucks off in the domestic market. And as I said, that's a little unusual, a little more resilient. The trade constraints have totally eliminated China and the other primary importers from the marketplace. And import offers are coming in through what we would consider somewhat non-traditional sources, Vietnam and others. And those are a little less accessible, and the network from a customer base importing those steels is a little less reliable at this moment in time. And in any event, import pressure is not going to materialize in any great form in Q4. And I am somewhat confident that it's not going to return to the levels that really imploded on markets at the end of whenever that was, 2014 and early 2015. From a pricing standpoint, cold-rolled sheet and coated, they remain very, very, very strong. Lead times are around about eight weeks. In the hot-rolled coil arena, you're right, the market seems a little hesitant. And I think they're uncertain of its direction. There are lead times, perhaps, down to two weeks to three weeks today. And I think it's because some are anticipating softening, given that the high global spread and the recent deterioration in scrap pricing. And so, they're not placing orders today. They really are just placing exactly what they need. There's a good side to that. Yeah. The recent MSCI data shows that inventory is at 2.3 months on a shipping basis, while actual shipping – or shipments are strong. And I think that that's a good position to be in, in all honesty. I think there could be actually an opportunity for restocking and that they can hang out there and hope for lower pricing. But the scrap arena is going to support the prices where it is today. We don't see any real downtick in scrap pricing, so that's going to support it. I think the lean inventory will support pricing in the region it is today. Does it come off $10 or $20? Yeah, maybe. But it is certainly not going to implode. And you never know, history may repeat itself and, invariably, it has in our industry, where inventories, service center inventories get real, real tight, then all of a sudden, folks, they all seem to jump into the market at the same time. Lead times stretch out because the domestic industry, from a production capability, just can't recover as quickly and you actually get a price pressure environment, so time will tell.
Mark D. Millett: I'm not so sure if there is optimism for further growth in the automotive world. I think they are ahead of the build right today, and I think everyone would forecast that, that build rate is going to be maintained, going forward. So I think it's a very healthy environment to be in. On the market share, we have – as we've advertised or communicated in the past calls, have had a dedicated sort of initiative in Columbus in particular to go direct to the automotive producers. We've got a team of eight folks, nine folks, 10 folks together, and it's unbelievable traction that they have gained. And I think for 2016, we're on track for about 180,000 tons of automotive shipments, which is up dramatically year-over-year. And we're looking for sort of that amount of gain, in addition to that, in 2017. Our target is just round about 500,000 tons, maybe, a little bit more, but 500,000 tons of output at Columbus eventually.
Mark D. Millett: Canadian National, yeah. Canadian National finally came and approved our product. So we are approved at all major Class 1 railroads today. We're going to fall short of the 300,000 tons, I do believe, this year. We are aiming for, I think 260,000-ish tons, 270,000-ish tons, because as you appreciate the Class 1 railroads have throttled back their CapEx spending pretty dramatically. But we're on target, I think, for 260,000-ish tons for the year.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I think we – Brett, we continue to explore non-organic growth opportunities that will provide strong share return. And so, that continues.
Mark D. Millett: Well, I should say we're continuing to evaluate. And we'll evaluate not only inorganic, but I don't think one should forget the organic opportunities that we have. We have about 400,000 tons to 500,000 tons of hot mill excess at Structural Rail division at Columbus city. That will be a very, very effective use of CapEx for $200 million or so. You pick up some tremendous value, tremendous volume there. I'm also working at Roanoke to further utilize its mill and its cash capability. But on the M&A front, obviously, we're looking at opportunities that leverage our core strengths. We want sustainability of quality returns, returns that can appreciate our existing margins.
Mark D. Millett: Well, engineered bar is quite a diversified mill, in all honesty. I'm probably going to get these specific percentages wrong. But energy has been around 15% – 20% in the past. So that, obviously, is very, very challenged. You've got about the same going into the automotive now, which remains strong. Off-road equipment, mining equipment, the Caterpillars, the John Deeres, those folks, probably 30% or so. So that has been kind of weak for sure. And I think the more recent downturn or softening there has been the Class A truck and trailer. First, the Class A trucks, earlier this year, turned down and then the trailer just the last couple of months, in all honesty. So the Eatons of the world are not necessarily buying as much as they did.
Mark D. Millett: Firstly, just to be clear, I think, from a market perspective, that, that remains somewhat stable, with the exception of the softening in the trailer industry. I would tell you that the markets are generally as they have been, and construction continues to incrementally grow. So it's not necessarily a structural underlying demand issue. So I don't call it softening per se. The order book, obviously, on the Structural side of the business. Anticipation of scrap pricing changes the mentality or the sentiment of the buyer there. They bought little bit ahead when April and May ticked up. And as I said earlier, we will see somewhat of an impact and, look, it's not massive going into the third quarter for the Long Product shipments. In sheet, there is really no softening at all, in the coated – coat (42:23). And I would say in hot band, there's a hesitancy. I don't think there's soft – underlying softness. Folks, they are just holding off to buy exactly what they need right now. They think the market is going to go down and it's, to be honest, anyone's guess. The import market arena, as I suggested, the kind of the activity, the enquiries, and the chatter has definitely picked up a little. Pricing is remaining quite resilient. And for $50 a ton, people aren't going to get overly, overly excited. You'll see some pickup probably in volume, but it's not going to get, I do believe, to the levels that created our past problems over 2015.
Mark D. Millett: I would say that – again, just to repeat what I said earlier, we're just continuing to explore non-organic growth opportunities in the M&A field, with the focus, obviously, on providing strong shareholder return. Well, that's our primary focus right now. We obviously always evaluate other shareholder sort of value return mechanisms that you can get through sort of the capital structure, dividends or share buybacks.
Mark D. Millett: I'm not so sure, I or we are any smarter than anyone else. Obviously, the elimination of China has buoyed the market currently. I do think that the coated and cold rolled sheet spreads, which are at historical highs, will probably remain so as long as China has shut out. As long as the trade cases are in place to impede, they are not going to eliminate, but they will impede the import pricing. So I think those spreads are not just an aberration. I think they are going to be around for a while. Ultimately, longer term and when I say longer term, years out – over the years, I think some of that material will somehow look find its way back into the American market either through other converters or through manufactured goods. There is a good portion of imported steel in refrigerators and cars and other things. So, seriously, I'm not smart enough to know long term what the impact is. Obviously, we're in a commodity market. It's a supply and demand equation. You take supply out, it's going to benefit and bode well for the market environment and for pricing and for your profitability profile.
Mark D. Millett: Downstream is definitely a focus, yes. I think we're in a cyclical business and in times of sort of depressed or recessed markets, having pulled through volume or low – greater utilization of our mills, which are the capital intensive assets in our portfolio. New Millennium platform obviously has done that well in the past and will continue to do so in the future, and it would be nice for us to get good assets that support or pair our core competencies, but we're not going to go out on a limb and buy something we don't know. As Barry said, I think when we toured Vulcan last, there's absolutely nothing here that we don't know. And in fact, our incentive systems, our culture can – I do believe lower cost increase their productivity and efficiencies and obviously give them even better profitably profile. But bottom line, yes, we are looking – one of our focuses is to look downstream at high-margin, pull-through volume-type assets.
Mark D. Millett: I think just to calibrate, I guess, we would look at the payback with today's margins within 24 months.
Mark D. Millett: I think, Phil, as we've said in the past, it's a balance. You've got to be careful taking one's price down in search of an order and just get 500 tons and you find it takes the whole price of the market there, right? The second, I don't think there are lot of orders to be achieved. And I think the market will remain firm.
Mark D. Millett: I don't think their expansions will threaten our plans, to be honest. Much of the automotive work we've got today is actually in the Southern U.S. So if you think we've got 180,000 tons this year and we got another 180,000 tons next year, we're quite well on our way again to our target even without Mexico. Obviously, Mexico is sort of boomtown for steel consumption, both on the appliance, HVAC, automotive side and there is no doubt that we will get some warning down there. A lot of our existing customers have facilities or building facilities or partnering with folks in Monterrey and the Mexican City arena. But currently, most of our output is within America.
Mark D. Millett: Yeah. And I think it'd be our position that given the economic turmoil and the fact that the U.S. economy is strong that most of that dollar strength will remain for some time to come. And so, that will just continue to dampen the export market and encourage import.
Mark D. Millett: Super, Brenda. Well, just quickly, thank you for your support. I think we are uniquely positioned for growth, and we'll take advantage of the opportunities that come our way. I was supported by a phenomenal group of employees and a phenomenal group of customers. So we are in a great shape. We are excited, so from Russ, from Barry, from Chris, from Glenn, and Theresa and I, thank you for your time today.
Russell B. Rinn: Thanks for the question. Again I think certainly we can lower the buy price, but it does impact the flows, particularly of obsoletes. I think as you look at the outlook and I think Mark's got it nailed spot on, I think we're soft sideways in the near-term future. The strength of the U.S. dollar has again slowed exports, but more importantly than that it's also encouraged some imports, because you get the cargoes out of Britain in particular that are much more affordable in today's dollar terms. So, that import/export balance there, I think, will continue to keep a lid on any major pricing moves, particularly on the upside.
Russell B. Rinn: Certainly, I think there will be a little bit of downward pressure, but again I think we're going to trade in a range probably for the rest of the year. If I look at it right now, I think we're going to be in a very narrow range for the rest of the year.
Russell B. Rinn: Well, I think, Aldo, we look at everything that comes at us regardless whether it makes sense to us or not, but I think our intent is to be strategic particularly to make sure we're supporting the steel mills of our company. That's the key factor that we get as a group. So, again, we look at anything and everything whether it's buy, sell or repurpose.
Russell B. Rinn: Sean, This is Russ. I think Turkey continues to be in and out of the market, as they balance off the billet cost or the slab cost against what it takes to get scrap. Again with the events in Turkey last weekend, I'm not sure what the Turks are going to be doing in the next – at least the next two weeks or three weeks. So I would anticipate that that's going to be – well, it's going to be a tough question to answer. The bulk of the scrap that has been imported in the U.S. today is generally of the higher grade scraps that is coming from Europe, again based on the strength of the U.S. dollar. So I think those are same – those are similar types of origins of scrap that the Turks have access to as well, so if it makes sense for the U.S., it more than likely makes sense for the Turks as well.
Russell B. Rinn: I think I read an article just a week or so ago, but the volumes in the south of – Southern U.S. and based on everything that I gathered out of that article, it looked to me like the amount of imports in the first half of 2016 are already more than the entire 2015 level of imports.
