Frank Morgan: Good morning and welcome to everyone on today’s call. With me this morning is our CEO, Sam Hazen; and CFO, Bill Rutherford. Sam and Bill will provide some prepared remarks and then we will take a few questions. Before I turn the call over to Sam, let me remind everyone that should today’s call contain any forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. More information on forward-looking statements and these factors are listed in today’s press release and in our various SEC filings. On this morning’s call, we may reference measures such as adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. A table providing supplemental information on adjusted EBITDA and reconciling net income attributable to HCA Healthcare, Inc. is included in today’s release. This morning’s call is being recorded and a replay of the call will be available later today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sam.
Frank Morgan: Thank you, Bill. [Operator Instructions] Devin, you may now give instructions to those who would like to ask a question.
Frank Morgan: Devin, thank you for your help today and thanks to everyone for joining us on this call. We hope you have a great weekend. I am around this afternoon, if I can answer additional questions you might have. Have a great day.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Justin, this is Bill. Let me start. So as it relates to labor cost, I think as a percentage of revenue, we will keep it on an as-reported basis, flat with where we ran for the full year of this year. We continue to expect improvement in the utilization and cost of contract labor as we go through the balance of the year. And so I think that’s a good output for us. Relative to payer mix, we think payer mix for now will mostly remain stable. We are encouraged with what we are seeing with the enrollment in the health insurance exchanges and we believe the enrollment in our states, are probably a little bit higher than what we see as a nation. And so we think we have contemplated that within the context of our overall range, but we are encouraged with some of the payer mix trends.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Gary. On contract labor for the quarter, we were down about 16% from where we ran in the fourth quarter of last year. So good improvement in that area. It represented roughly 7.8% of our total salary wages and benefits. We talked about given that number before. So again, solid trends in the fourth of this year compared to where we ran last year and especially where we ran in the first half of the year. Our other operating expenses, you’re right, are subject to some of the general inflationary increases that we’re seeing across the economy. When we think about utilities and insurance and, in addition, our professional fees areas, we’re seeing some higher single-digit cost growth in other operating expenses. Fortunately, if you look across the quarters for 2022, as a percentage of revenue, you’ll see our other operating expenses as a percent of revenue staying relatively and pretty consistent throughout the year. As we look forward to 2023, we do believe that’s an area that can continue to see some higher single-digit inflationary pressures, and we factored that in to our guidance going forward. Again, we think labor supplies will keep in line and hopefully below where our revenue growth is. But the other operating cost area is around utilities, insurance pro fees are going to continue to see some pressures, and we factor that into our guidance.
Bill Rutherford: So Peter, this is Bill. I think our surgical volume, the most – the thing being pushed out was we had 1 less business day, 1 less surgical day, and so that could account for 1.5 points or 2 of that trend. And I don’t think there is any other trends that we observed in our out-patient or in-patient surgery or call out other than just 1 less operating day. Going forward, I would say that we would anticipate our surgical volume to reflect our longer term trends, which has historically been somewhere around that 2 point growth. And again, there is some variables that fluctuate on that, but that was the issue on the flat surgical volume for Q4, was nothing other than 1 less surgical day.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Kevin, let me start with that. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we are anticipating revenue per equivalent admission around 2%. That’s on an as-reported basis. Obviously, I called out some of those non-recurring revenue items we’ve had the benefit of in ‘22, we don’t expect to continue next year. If you adjust for those, that’d probably be pushing us towards closer to 3% number, which would be, historically, we would see 2% to 3% growth. So what really moves us back into our historical pricing trends, what we would see pre-COVID is just that we are having to jump over some of that loss of cohort. So that was a 2% guidance on a revenue per equivalent admission. If you adjust that, it’d be closer to 3%, which is in line with our long-term guidance. That’s contemplating both our Medicare rate updates with some improved commercial pricing that I think we’ve talked about in the past.
Bill Rutherford: And Ann, on the emergency room, I’ve brought it to more than emergency from just hospital-based physician we have talked about in the past. We are seeing some increased pressures for subsidies around our interest room and anesthesiologists and the like. We have a number of initiatives to try to counter those. But yes, we are expecting some upward pressure in those areas that we factored into our guidance. If it rolls through, as I mentioned in the previous question, in our other operating expenses, then we could potentially see higher single-digit year-over-year growth in those categories, probably at a little bit of pace above our revenue. But we think we’ve made appropriate consideration for those trends inside of our guidance.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. So I’ll start with that. So we expect a continued decline of COVID admission as you’ve mentioned, and I said in my prepared remarks, they represent about 5.2% of our total admissions. This year, we’re thinking next year, probably somewhere between 3% and 4% of our total admissions. We believe right now, our inpatient admission growth somewhere around that 2% number, and that’s embedded within the equivalent admission guidance that I gave between 2% to 3%. And again, we will continue to monitor that as we go through the year. We continue to believe that there is strong demand in our markets, and we’re positioned well to serve that demand. So inpatient volume, we’re thinking hovering around 2%, and then outpatient revenue probably continue to grow in that mid-single-digit level. And that helps us get to the 2% to 3% equivalent admissions that’s – that our guidance entails.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. So I don’t know if I have the case mix necessarily. We’ve seen relatively flat, as I recall, on the COVID case mix, right? Our non-COVID mix improved about 2% sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter going forward. Our revenue per equivalent admission was roughly flat for the year-over-year comparisons.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, that would be embedded in our revenue per equivalent admission of about 2%. And then when you factor out the loss of the revenue items, I think, as I mentioned earlier, that pushes us closer to 3%. And that would be just a combination of all factors of acuity as well as payer mix and pricing trends underneath the...
Bill Rutherford: Yes. This is Bill. On the investments, when you think about the technology investments, the investments we are making in some of the clinical transformation. And I would also say, with the expansion of our nursing schools going forward, probably is somewhere around an incremental investment of $150 million in ‘23 compared to what we ran in ‘22. Lance, we didn’t call that out, but it’s part of a long-term investment we think, that will continue to drive performance and value for us.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, let me take that. This is Bill. Let me take the latter one first. I think share repurchases, you spend an important part of our overall balanced capital allocation. As you mentioned, we did $7 billion in ‘22. We will have authorization close to $4.5 billion. I think we would plan on completing the majority of it sometime in this calendar year with a little bit of roll forward afterwards. And again, we will continue to adjust as kind of market conditions present, but a share repurchase program has just been part of our overall balanced allocation of capital going forward.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Josh, I don’t think there is anything tempering in the investment at all. I think 4.3% is our expectation. As I mentioned in my comments, we initially expected 4.2%. For ‘22, it came in a little higher because we had some year-end activity that I mentioned around some real estate and some IT. So, I wouldn’t read anything from down to the fourth quarter 4.3%. It’s actually up compared to where our initial expectations are. But as a summary, we still see very good opportunities to deploy capital, we believe, to capture growth opportunities in the marketplace. And we have talked about some of that, whether that would be through our freestanding EDs, whether there is some development of new hospitals, whether it would be expansion of campuses. So, again, I think it’s an important part of our overall capital allocation and I think an important part of our continued long-term focus on growing.
Bill Rutherford: Well, in theory, will flow through as reduction of our contract labor. And so the margin, if you will, on the contract labor as we replace an individual from a contractor to an employed one is that we will save that margin. And being able to reinvest and what we have been able to do this year is reinvest back into our employee workforce and that’s part of that turnover level. And I think all of that, John, I would say, is incorporated, if you look at the overall labor spend. So, I mean there is a lot of components into that. And as we said, we think we can maintain our labor cost as a percent of revenue where we are finished this year. It’s a function of reducing those premium labor and reinvesting back into our employee workforce and keeping that relatively flat year-over-year. And I think that’s a good result for us and allows us to continue to recognize the important work our employees do for us.
Sam Hazen: A.J., this is Sam. I think on the guidance, I mean, we have got 2.5%, I believe, on either side of the midpoint. The top side of that range I think is achievable if our volume and labor agenda happens maybe a little bit better than what we anticipate. The low side of that range would be greater inflationary pressures and maybe some more challenges in a tenuous labor market. Those are sort of the big variables, if you will, in the equation. I mean, it’s a fairly big number to begin with and again, the 2.5% range on either side of the midpoint we think is not unreasonable. So to consider it to be very wide seems maybe to not fully appreciate some of the variables inside of it. With respect to labor, yes, we have made significant investments in our people. We did that throughout last year mainly in the late summer, early fall, where we adjusted our wages to deal with movement in the market resulting from some visibility that we had with our overall competitive positioning. Some of the contract labor reductions that we expect and have already made even will be absorbed a little bit in those decisions, but we think the net of it is what Bill just alluded to, and that is that we can maintain our labor cost as a percent of revenue roughly around what we finished 2022 at. So that’s how we’re thinking about it. And again, we’re seeing positive metrics across the key dimensions of our labor agenda that is encouraging to us. And we believe we have more room to gain with our agenda, and we’re hopeful that, that will continue throughout 2023.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam. Thank you for that. I mean we did, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, had some moments in the quarter where we were unable to receive transfers in or take certain patients into our facilities. And that was actually a little bit elevated over the third quarter. We had roughly, using this as the proxy, approximately 2% of our total admissions we were unable to take through our transfer centers and ahead to find those patients alternative solutions where we could. We were busier in the fourth quarter than we were in the third quarter, so that was part of it. But nonetheless, we still are seeing opportunities for us to improve the throughput through our case management initiatives, as you spoke to, continue to increase the head count in our facilities in order to take care of these patients. And we’re hopeful that those numbers will start to come down a little bit as we push into 2023.
Sam Hazen: Well, let me give you a little bit of a backdrop on our long-term thinking with in – and I think this going to help you understand why we are investing in these categories. First and foremost, we think we have just an incredible portfolio of communities that we serve. They are growing in and of themselves. So we have opportunities to invest in that growth. We think demand is going to grow in our markets. Aging baby boomers population growth chronic conditions, all those things unfortunately produce demand in some respect. And we think our portfolio is a little better than the national averages on that front. So we’ve got that as a backdrop. So there is opportunities, I’ll call it, outside the walls of HCA to invest in that natural growth in demand. The second piece that we believe exists is opportunities inside of HCA. We have what we call an economy of opportunities that exist across our 180 hospitals and 2,400 outpatient facilities that we have. And that opportunity is to use big data, use better clinical system capability and better analytics to support better care. And so our technology agenda, coupled with our care transformation agenda, is really about tapping into the economy of opportunity that exist inside our organization. So we think we have two sets of opportunities, outside to continue to grow market share and benefit from the growth in our markets, and then continued improvement in care delivery for better patient outcomes, more efficiency, better operational management in our hospitals by infusing machine learning, advanced analytics with our care transformation agenda. So our care transformation team is led by a physician and a clinical team with industrial engineers and other type of people who are big data analysts who are supporting evaluating great performance that we have inside our company and really studying the processes around those, or looking outside the company for better processes, better technologies, and, again, weaving that into our overall agenda for our long run. And we’re encouraged by that. We have a major initiative that we’re rolling out this year in our obstetrics unit, and we’re excited about the possibilities around that. On our clinical systems, we are actually in our alpha pilot on our clinical system upgrades. We will have a beta pilot later this year. This is a system that we will be able to push more information, standardized information into the cloud and start to turn that into actionable insights that, we believe, can help our patient outcomes. So we’re really excited about our long-run agenda. And again, it’s geared toward better patient care, but capitalizing on the opportunities inside the walls of HCA.
Sam Hazen: Excuse me. So Ann, it’s Sam. We, pre pandemic, were somewhere around 13% or 14% – excuse me, 14% for nursing turnover. We’re on a run rate now 18%, 18.5%. That’s down from mid-20s. We think the industry average is somewhere in the mid to upper 20s right now from what we’ve seen external benchmarks and so forth. So we’re really encouraged by the progress our teams have made. And again, over the last 6 months of the year, we were starting to see improving trends. We believe we have the right initiatives in place to carry some momentum in that area into 2023. The market, as I mentioned, is a bit tenuous still, but we’re encouraged by the investments we’ve made in our recruiting, the investments we’ve made in retention and leadership training and just the – I’ll call it, the hand-to-hand combat that exists in making sure that our employees have the resources on their units that are necessary for them to deliver great care to their patients and for them to be successful in whatever their role is in the company. And we think we’re making progress on pretty much all of those fronts.
Sam Hazen: So we’ve had a wonderful relationship with Envision over the years, and it continues to be strong across different facilities in our company. A number of years ago, we had made an investment in a co-venture with them that we felt was an opportunity for us to integrate that physician service, mainly in the ER and hospitalist medicine and a few other subspecialty categories within our hospitals as more clinically aligned and so forth. And what we see is an opportunity to further that. And so we are moving to acquire a larger percentage of that co-venture, and we think it will give us a little better visibility in how to achieve better clinical integration to improve quality. We think we can use that platform to improve efficiency within our emergency rooms primarily and even on our med surge floors where our hospitalists work. It will support graduate medical education in some innovative ways, we believe. And then, finally, we think it offers up an opportunity for us to advance our connections to our strategic outreach partners in ways that maybe we don’t necessarily accomplish in the structure we have today. So we are pushing through the final stages of that transaction. I think it’s scheduled to close sometime in the spring. We will take the rest of the year to fully assimilate it, so to speak. And then as we get into 2024, we anticipate being able to execute more effectively on these categories.
Sam Hazen: And Bill if I can add, I think it’s important for everybody to understand it. Strategically, we continue to invest in programs, as I mentioned in my prepared comments. A lot of those programs are farther up the acuity ladder, if you will. They are more significant programs. They are extensions of existing programs and as we get our footing, so to speak, with a mid-level program or an upper-mid level program, then we can move into a more acute level program. And that helps with our overall acuity statistic. So, that part of our strategy, we are doing that on top of the same fixed cost platform. So, our hospitals have the same fixed cost regardless of the acuity in many instances. And so if we can increase the acuity, we get operating leverage from that. So, strategically, that’s a very important initiative of ours. The transfers and that we haven’t been able to take care of tends to be slightly more acute than our average in most instances. And here, again, that’s why it’s so important for us to get more employees across the organization to take care of these patients who need our services. But all of that’s embedded inside of a real strategic initiative that we have.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam. Let me speak to some of our service lines trends. During the pandemic, we felt the emergency room might be disrupted from what our previous beliefs were. And there was new uses of telemedicine alternatives that were being experienced, we thought. What we have seen is just the opposite. The resiliency of the emergency room for communities is even greater than we thought. And the demand there is very strong because our emergency rooms and other people’s emergency rooms are a solution set for people whenever healthcare is needed. So, our trends in the emergency room have been very solid over the course of the year. And when you look at them really without the COVID activity, it’s especially impressive I think. We have seen good volume growth in our orthopedics. Our total joint business for the quarter was up 6%. In many instances, we fully absorbed, we believe, most of the shift over the last 3 years during the pandemic, with the orthopedic business moving from inpatient to outpatient. And in most instances, we believe the large majority of that is behind us. And so we don’t have that as a pressure point like we have had over the past 3 years. But nonetheless, we have grown that business in the face of the site of care shift. We have a very robust pipeline for our emergency rooms, especially our freestanding emergency room platform, a very significant development opportunity there for us across our communities, and we are investing in that. Our urgent care center platform continues to grow. We are up to 260 urgent care centers. We will probably push through 300 in 2023. Our ambulatory surgery center platform continues to grow. Here, again, we have more de novo development inside of our ambulatory surgery center platform than we have had in the past, and we are encouraged by how that fits into our networks in a very productive way. So, we are really pretty excited about our investments in our ambulatory network, our investments in our acuity programs and our higher service lines. And we will continue to – we believe, be well positioned to deal with the growing demand that we see in the market.
Sam Hazen: So, our hiring in 2022 was up a little north of 6%, just a huge number of new hires. And so that’s the total number just as a starting point. Where that is coming from, that’s coming from new grads. There still is a decent pipeline of new graduate nurses in our communities. We have academic partnerships with different colleges beyond Galen that are important to that pipeline. We are also seeing some travelers decide that, okay, enough, we traveled, we want to come back, and we have been able to recover some of the employees who traveled for a period of time back into our organization. So, we continue to be focused on trying to recover them. And I think again, with our benefits and with our wage adjustments and all the investments we are making in clinical education and other components of our labor agenda, we are starting to see more favorable trends in our recruitment function that we think, if they carry into 2023 and through the year, should be positive for us.
Sam Hazen: For M&A, we have been fairly active in the market with outpatient acquisitions again when they come available, whether it’s urgent care, some freestanding emergency room, some ASC, some physician clinics and so forth. And those are very complementary, synergistic to our network acquisitions, and we will continue to pursue those as they develop. We have not had too many opportunities on hospital acquisitions. Although, recently there was an announced LOI on a hospital just outside of the Dallas-Fort Worth market that we think is synergistic with respect to clinical services and so forth with our system in Dallas-Fort Worth. So, we will continue to look for those. We do have a pipeline of Greenfield hospitals because the acquisition environment is not as robust end market as maybe we would have hoped. So, we need to consider Greenfield projects, and we do have a number of those that are in the works. We have one under construction currently in San Antonio. And I want to say we have seven or eight parcels of land, maybe 10, that are designed for future hospital development when the time is right for us to make those investments.
Sam Hazen: It’s hard for us to really judge the – whether there is demand on the sidelines, and we don’t see it. I mean we get some anecdotal information from our physicians who might indicate that, okay, their clinic patient profiles were better in the fourth quarter than they were at any point in time in 2022. I don’t know if that’s a precursor or not for pent-up elective surgical demand. I think we are just going to have to wait and see. But I believe it’s a positive metric and a positive anecdote that their clinic roles, patient roles appear to be at a higher level than they were in previous parts of 2022.
Sam Hazen: We have, I want to say, Bill, maybe 70% of our contracts for 2024 contracted. I will tell you that most of the contracts, if not all of the contracts we closed in the last three quarters of ‘22 were in line with our expectations, which was around mid-single digit inflators. So, those have to work their way into the ‘23 portfolio of contracts and on into the 2024. So, we are encouraged by the outcomes of those negotiations. I think there is a general recognition in the payer community that the input costs for providers is up, or up. And so given those inflationary pressures, they recognize that there is a sensitivity to respond to that. And we are trying to be appropriate in our app. And I think that’s been received well, and we have been able to close these contracts reasonably timely. So, we still have 30% or so of 2023 that will get negotiated over the first part of this year, and will carry us through all of ‘23 and into ‘24. We are about 40% contracted on ‘24. Again, the tail effect of some of the closed contract negotiations that we have just achieved will carry into 2024.
Sam Hazen: Well, thank you for the question. Our teams and our supply chain teams have done an incredible job over the past 12 months to 18 months on our supply cost portfolio, and especially with the backdrop of inflationary increases. And we have talked about through the year, we have been really seeing really positive trends in and actually to keep our supply cost growth below our revenue growth. Much of that was because some of our contracts, 60% of our contracts or so was under firm pricing for the most of ‘22. As we look forward, I think our basic assumption is to continue to keep our supply cost as a percent of revenue flat from where we ran full year ‘23. That would imply our supply cost per unit is somewhere around that 2% level, plus or minus a little bit. But again, we are expecting continued good results in that. And again, our team is doing a nice job. We can keep that supply cost as a percent of revenue flat with where we ran this year, with the backdrop of inflationary that’s pretty positive. We have a number of initiatives underway that our teams use. Part of our benchmarking initiatives is to look at utilization and identify best practices across the organization. We also are looking at product selection, partnering with our clinical teams. So, we have a number of initiatives underneath our supply chain operations that are helping us to achieve those results, and we look forward to those continuing as we go into ‘23.
