Victor Campbell: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our chief investor relations officer, and I would like to welcome you on today's call, including those of you listening to our webcast. Here this morning with me are Chairman and CEO Richard Bracken, President and CFO Milton Johnson, and Sam Hazen, president of operations. And there are a number of other members of the HCA senior management team here with us today as well. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward looking statements, they are based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of the factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings.  Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on those statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information or future events.  This morning's call is being recorded. Replay will be available later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Richard. 
Victor Campbell: I'll take the easy one, the prior year EBITDA, $5.868 billion. And then Milton, you get the tougher one. 
Victor Campbell: If you really look at that revenue differential Milton mentioned in his comments, if you look at what we did in the first quarter in the Medicare book, and if you would have had that same NRAA in the second quarter, that was an $85-90 million swing. You take that, put a margin on it, that's your differential for the quarter. 
Victor Campbell: Monthly trending - I know we saw this in all 3 months. I don't know if there was a material difference. 
Victor Campbell: All right. I think at this point, we've gone a little beyond an hour, and I think I've heard almost every sell-sider get a pitch question. I apologize if we're missing anybody, but we're going to go ahead and call the meeting. Mark and I are here, obviously, all day, and please let us know if you need to talk about anything. Thank you very much for being on the call.
Sam Hazen: Good morning. I'm going to take a few minutes to speak to the performance across our operating divisions.  Again, in the second quarter, as we experienced in the first quarter, the operating performance across the company was very balanced and consistent with with respect to most volume metrics. Fourteen out of 16 divisions grew adjusted admissions on a year-over-year basis. Twelve out of 16 divisions had growth in inpatient admissions.  Of the four divisions that had declined, two were down less than 1%, one was down by almost 2%, and our London division was down because of the festivities around the royal wedding. All divisions once again had growth in emergency room visits for the quarter. As I shared in my comments last quarter, we have a comprehensive strategy across all of our markets to grow emergency room services. This strategy continues to yield solid results for us. The one volume metric that showed inconsistent performance across the company was total surgeries. Only five divisions had growth in total surgeries, with no real geographical patter to this performance. At this point, current period market share data is not available to understand all of the issues contributing to this performance, but some early observations indicate softness because of lingering effects of the economy, some incremental effects potentially from technology and drug enhancements, and some market share swings against us because of physician losses or competitor investments.  Obviously, we believe some of our divisions had share gains because of these same factors. The most recent market share data, which is year-end 2010, for most of the company's markets, shows our overall market share as stable to slightly up in most surgical service lines.  Our growth strategy for surgical services is built on adding physician capacity, improving physician service and convenience, increasing our operational efficiencies, investing in technology and facilities, developing and acquiring outpatient surgery centers, and deepening program capabilities such as adding trauma surgeries. We continually identify we appreciate your support to enhance these program elements and believe in total they position us well to compete for more share in surgical services.  Surgery is just one component, and obviously an important component, of overall intensity in our hospitals. Critical care services are another. For the quarter, the company had growth in admits and patient days in critical care services of 2.5% and 1.7% respectively. This is also the case in our neonatal intensive care units, where admits grew by 0.7% and patient days grew by 3.3%.  Unfortunately, the growth in these services was not sufficient to offset the revenue softness from surgery services and other declines in intensity of services rendered. It is important to understand that our hospitals have very sophisticated management systems to adjust their cost levels to variations and intensities. Our scheduling and productivity systems are all geared to managing fluctuations in both census levels and acuity levels. This allows us to compensate some, but not entirely, for the associated revenue issues from lesser intensity.  Generally, the more intense the service, the higher the operating margin. Our management teams in our hospitals and surgery centers continue to execute a comprehensive agenda of both growth and operational initiatives while at the same time maintaining a tight grip on cost. Finally, the financial performance across the three operating groups was generally consistent for the quarter. That concludes my comments, and I'll turn it back to Vic. 
Sam Hazen: We have certain markets where we know we have lost physician relationships, and that's generated some business loss, but we have other markets where we know we've picked up physician relationships and it is has seen our surgical volumes grow. And when I try to carry that across the whole portfolio, that's not the issue that I can point to in indicating that our surgical activity within the Medicare business was down.  We're really, at this particular point in time, not able to identify anything concrete and as I mentioned in my notes, our most recent data point on very objective data, which is the year end 2010 market share data for just about all of the company's markets, indicates that we in fact have picked up market share in surgical services.  So we don't know exactly if the market's shrunk in the second quarter in overall demand, or if we did in fact lose market share globally. We're just really without an important data point to understand that. But anecdotally, we don't think across the various divisions that that is in fact the case. 
Sam Hazen: Our case mix on Medicare is about 2.8 for Medicare surgical cases on average. Our medical case mix index is about 1.15. And so you can see the delta between that. Within each of those classes, though, this particular quarter, which we haven't seen historically much, there was declines in both sides of it.  So in other words, the surgical side dropped from where it was, and then the medical side dropped from where it was, and then we had a distribution between the two that was more medical as opposed to surgical as it relates to our trend. And the combination of those factors yielded the softer Medicare revenue that Milton referenced in his comments.  What goes into those surgical cases, just the higher end cases, and these are just sort of categories, obviously cardiovascular cases are particularly acute and yield a very high Medicare case mix. Total joint procedures in the orthopedic side of the equation also generate fairly large surgical case mix components.  Those are two examples of the type of cases that we typically see in our book of business on the Medicare side. And I don't have the exact statistics on each one of those in front of me, but we can get those to you. 
Sam Hazen: I don't know that I would say it's either. I don't think our recruitment efforts are excessively oriented toward medical type physicians, nor do I think we have lost any significant number of surgical positions. If anything, we tend to add more on the specialist side, I would submit, than we do on the medical side.  So our development of our physician medical staff, and our capacity, tends to be oriented toward procedures for surgeries and toward the higher-margin business. Our growth strategies are built around that, whether it's development of programs, adding new programs, and so forth. And so the orientation of our growth plan, and thus our physician development, is generally more toward the individuals who do procedures in our facilities. Now we clearly have a primary care strategy with respect to physicians and other components of our network to feed those specialists and to reach into new markets, but I don't think I could sit here and call any disproportionate orientation toward any of those issues.
Sam Hazen: We are anticipating that the HealthONE transaction will close sometime in the third quarter. We are in the final stages of developing definitive agreements. We will then proceed to the Colorado attorney general for his process, which is yet to be formalized. And we anticipate that the deal will make it through those proceedings and we should be in a position to close sometime in the middle part of the third quarter we think. 
Sam Hazen: Texas UPL, the EBITDA from the UPL program in the second quarter was $20 million less than in the second quarter of 2010. We had $457 million of EBITDA net in the UPL program versus $77 million a year ago.  The managed care pricing for the quarter, again 4.9%, slightly below our expectation. Our guidance for this year is 5-6%. I believe we were about 5.25%, 5.3%, if I memory is correct for the first quarter. So again, we're slightly under where we expected to be year to date on managed care, but just a few basis points. 
Richard Bracken: It does include Florida and Texas, and I think we reported specifically on Florida that effective July 1, we saw a reduction take place of roughly $52 million on an annual basis. So we're looking for about half of that to take place in '11 and the other half in '12. Then Texas came about the time we were on the call. That takes effect September 1. We're estimating that's an annual reduction of somewhere around $25-30 million. So that would mean maybe $8-10 million coming in the last 4 months of '11. Both of those are in our revised guidance. 
Richard Bracken: I think relative to the broader question, that how do we think about the business going forward, you had mentioned on the expense side of the equation, let me just kind of expand that a little bit. How do we think about the business going forward.  We absolutely believe that as we think about over time, years, that there's going to be increased pressure on the system to create more value for the healthcare dollar, and that this will translate into the day to day activities on our part to manage the costs as aggressively as we can. We have a robust cost management agenda. I've talked about this in the past.  And certainly, not only around management of variable cost, which Sam had talked about, but really in terms of overhead costs and reengineering the overall corporate support and shared service platform to bring overhead costs out of the company. We continue to do that in a very aggressive way, and pursue that. But also the way we think about the future is, you know, how healthcare is provided in the future is going to change, and that we have to invest in the technologies and the infrastructure required to position the company appropriately. And that's what we're doing. And we're taking on some serious investment of time and resources now to do so, whether it's in the technologies. We've talked a lot about the HER, the electronic health record, how to digitalize that. That's going to produce a lot of opportunities for us, we believe, as we go forward, but in all the clinical management of the business, as well as the Parallon Solutions to monetize some of these competencies.  We are acting, on a day to day basis, as if there will always be pressure on revenues and we think there are plenty of opportunities to respond to that. They're not even.  I would say on the Medicare case mix index, this is not a static number. But it doesn't move a lot, and it hasn't moved like we saw this quarter. So as Sam had mentioned, we need to wait and see what happens to this number. We weren’t expecting it obviously, but is this going to be a new number? It's just not knowable at this point in time.
Richard Bracken: You've got a good point. We've been seeing declines in our recent quarterly trends in our surgical volume. I think what's happened this quarter is that the overall intensity of the surgeries that we did have also appear to be lower than in prior quarters. And as I said in my comments, even in the Medicare book, even the medical admissions had a lower intensity than they did in the second quarter of last year. So all of those factors resulting in the lower revenue, on the Medicare book, in the quarter versus last quarter.
Richard Bracken: I think we'll have to just monitor it as we go. We don't get into interim quarters reporting, and one month doesn't speak for a quarter very well. So my guess is we'll work our way through the quarter and have better guidance for you at that point. 
Richard Bracken: Let me start with this one, and Milton, you can comment certainly on the forecast. Our forecast was our best thinking taking in all of these points on the 3-5% guidance. And relative to the bigger question, is it a disaster, I'm not sure I'd use that word. We were caught off guard like we said about the service mix being as much as it was.  We still think our company is very well positioned as an organization. In my comments I said that how we judged the quarter was - I used the word mix, because there were a lot of very strong trends in the quarter from an operation perspective. Volume continues to do well.  We believe this is a function of our executing our strategies. We like our strategies. We're not backing off our strategies. The investments we are making are expensive, putting this EHR in across 164-5 hospitals is a big expense for the company, and it's consuming a lot of energy and resources.  We're doing it because it's the right thing to do to position the company for the future. Likewise, in physician employment, integration, there is, as you know, a huge push by the medical community to seek employment with facilities and we are careful about how we do that, but it is expense now that we didn't have in the past.  These are appropriate investments to make for a company of our size, and our physicians, and our marketplace. And we're not backing off on it. We point to very strong cash production. We are able to handle this. We didn't like the quarter, clearly. We are looking to continue to manage expenses appropriately. We're looking to reengineer systems and as I think about it, our operating agenda today is the same as it was before the second quarter. It's spot on, and it's where we need to take the company. 
Milton Johnson: Just to clarify, the 2.1% decline is in managed care admissions, and the flat is equivalent admissions. And my comment was that for as long as we've been tracking back to '07, we've been seeing declines in the adjusted admission managed care book and had a flat number this quarter which obviously is a positive trend for us.  The case mix index of the managed care book for the second quarter was consistent with the first quarter, up about 1.8-1.9% over the prior year. So no big shift there. Our pricing on the managed care book for the second quarter was up 4.9% and I believe we were up a little over 5% in the first quarter.  So again, fairly similar trends in terms of pricing in managed care. The impact on earnings and our revenue for this quarter is primarily Medicare.
Milton Johnson: On the revenue front, as we think about the rest of the year, we're seeing - this again is without HITECH revenues, which we've estimated again to be $290 million to $340 million - so excluding HITECH revenue, we would see our revenue growth in the 3-5% range for 2011. So we have, from our previous guidance, which was 5-6%, so we have brought our expectations on revenue down primarily as a result of the second quarter, but also factoring in some of the outlook for the second half of the year. 
Milton Johnson: I don't have the Medicare, but on cardiovascular surgeries, down 3.7%, and also had a 2% drop in general surgery as well. 
Milton Johnson: When you look at our cost trends, this year, we've been up on the same-facility basis about 2.8-2.9% for the first six months of the year. And we've done that, productivity, especially hospital only, has been improving.  But we have also continued to invest in the development of electronic health records, rolling out clinical qualify improvements programs as well. And we believe that those investments are central, especially with the HITECH incentive dollars available to us, primarily in the fourth quarter of this year.  So we continue to invest also in technology that again, over time, will allow us to operate the company more efficiently, not only from a quality standpoint but also from a cost standpoint. So I think from an overall standpoint, our cost is being managed pretty effectively considering the investments that we're making.  There's always opportunity to flex, with our volume changes and intensity changes, as Sam mentioned, but right now we continue to invest and will continue to invest primarily in electronic health records. 
Milton Johnson: As you saw in our quarter, we did have very, very strong cash flow generation, and we certainly believe we have some opportunity with our existing balance sheet to make some improvements and we'll be looking to do that based upon market conditions and taking advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace to restructure some existing debt and to reduce our interest cost going forward. So as the market opportunities present, I would expect that we would do that. 
Milton Johnson: One way I would maybe frame it, the 1.2% drop in our Medicare case mix index is there's nothing in our trends that gave us a heads up to expect that. If you look back over the years, from time to time, on a quarterly basis, you will see a decline in the case mix index for possibly any payer, but Medicare in particular.  Recent trends have been actually, entire case mix index, and so this 1.2% decline is the largest decline I've seen in a while. So it is unusual. But whether this is a single data point and we will see improvement, or whether this is starting a trend, we just have this data point, so it's hard for us to make that call at this point. But I will describe it as the magnitude of the decrease in a particular quarter as significant compared to recent trends or recent past declines. 
Milton Johnson: I do go back and look over some recent quarters and like I said, the typical movement in case mix index for Medicare has been an improving, or higher case mix index. So this is contrary to that typical trend. The decreases, when they did happen, were relatively small. So the magnitude of this change, and how sudden this change has happened, is not something that we could see coming in our trends. 
Milton Johnson: Yes. We have factored in some cost improvements. We had already made some cost changes already in second quarter that we believe will carry through and benefit the remaining portion of the year. But also, the growth in EBITDA is going to be primarily in the first question based on our projection. And again, most of that growth is coming from the HITECH incentive payments that we expect to receive in the fourth quarter.
Milton Johnson: Gary, the only thing I can think of that changed was for the first part of last year we did benefit from what's called the Medicare 72-Hour Rule, which is basically allowing hospitals to unbundle billing for an outpatient, primarily an ER visit, if that patient is admitted within 72 hours of that visit. And we benefited about $8 million or so a month from that rule. That rule was appealed as of the end of June of 2010. So we did have that benefit. Again, that's about roughly $24 million a quarter. It was not something that we felt was material, although it is part of the difference in terms of year over year pickup with respect to the Medicare book. But other than that, I'm not aware of anything else. 
Milton Johnson: There's a lot of movement and one reason we in our 10-Qs and 10-Ks we put so much disclosure around this issue, there is a lot of movement between what's written off as a bad debt, what could be written off above the line as charity or an uninsured discount. Primarily, what drives the variation in bad debt will be the amount of uninsured revenue that we have, and net revenue in any particular quarter. I'd say that would be the major factor. But then there's other changes again around these discounts and charity care, that would cause the variation. So I would ask all the investors to consider those adjustments and the bad debts in totality in looking at those trends, and we present it, I think, very clearly in all of our 10-Qs and 10-Ks to try and allow that information to be as clear as possible.
Milton Johnson: Bad debt, yes, we did see a little uptick in our uninsured admissions compared to the recent trends. There was a slowdown in the state of Texas with some conversions that specifically happened from Medicaid payments from uninsured into Medicaid. Again, we think that that will work out over the rest of the year with some timing. That's, I think, a relatively modest impact on our quarter. I would not weight the increase in the uninsured volumes 50% of the problem at all. I would put much more of the weighting on this to the mix shift of service issue and primarily in the Medicare payer class is where the disappointment in this quarter would be based. 
Milton Johnson: Yeah, surgical volumes in the quarter, I think I mentioned earlier that the drops - cardiovascular surgery down 3.7%. Neuro was basically flat. That's obviously a big one for us. Orthopedic surgery is up 2.4%. Women surgeries down almost 12%. But the biggest decline in terms of number of surgeries is general surgeries where we were down about 2.5%.
Milton Johnson: As far as the percentage of EBITDA earned at any particular quarter, I don't know why this year would be different. Typically, the third quarter is the lowest EBITDA quarter. And I don't know why those ratios would change this year. Nothing comes to mind versus those prior year sort of ratios. 
Milton Johnson: Sheryl, your description of our new guidance I think is stated accurately, the 3-5% EBITDA growth is coming from HITECH dollars that we expect to receive, primarily in the first question. Absent HITECH, we would be flattish for this year would be our most recent guidance.  We did give guidance, you're correct, at flat to slightly down for the first, second, and third quarter of the year. I think what this 4.7% decline, when you factor in the Medicaid HITECH dollars in this quarter as well, it's down more than we expected. There's no doubt about that.  As Richard said, we're disappointed with it, but it is far from a disaster. It is something that we will continue to look at all of our operations, but it is below our expectation that we had coming in, but far from a disaster. 
