Sam Hazen: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to influence our results in the first quarter with the Omicron surge, which slowed in the middle of the quarter. More significantly, the challenging labor market pressured margins as the cost of labor increased more than we expected as compared to the first quarter of the prior year. In the face of these challenges, however, we had a number of positive volume and revenue indicators that were encouraging. Compared to the first quarter of prior year, same-facility admissions increased 2%. During the quarter we provided care to approximately 49,000 COVID-19 inpatients, which represented approximately 10% of total admissions, consistent with prior year. Non-COVID admissions grew 2.2%. This growth occurred in February and March. Inpatient surgeries grew approximately 1%. And across our inpatient business, acuity levels and payer mix continued to be strong. Outpatient volumes also rebounded strongly in the quarter. Same-facility emergency room visits grew 15%. Same-facility outpatient surgeries grew nearly 7%. And outpatient cardiac-related procedures grew by approximately 7%. We continue to believe that overall demand for health care remains strong in our markets across most categories, with favorable population trends and other contributing factors that developed during the pandemic driving it. Total revenues grew 6.9% compared to the first quarter 2021. Same-facility inpatient revenues grew 5.4%. And same-facility outpatient revenues grew 10.6%. Bill will provide more color on our revenues in his comments. I realize that our bottom line financial results were not what we expected, but these top line metrics were positive. Diluted earnings per share, excluding gains on sales of facilities, were $4.12, which was down $0.02 from the prior year. In the quarter, we experienced higher levels of contract labor expenses than planned. As compared to the fourth quarter, we saw modest improvements in certain contract labor metrics. We expect further improvements in the remainder of the year as we align the workforce appropriately by reducing both the utilization of contract labor and the associated hourly rates for these contracts. In some situations, the challenges in the labor market also constrained our capacity, preventing us from delivering hospital services to certain patients. By the end of the quarter, we were able to overcome some of these capacity constraints. And for the most part, our transfer centers were able to operate normally and move more patients to the proper setting in our networks. It is important to understand, we are doing what we absolutely have to do to take care of our patients, and we will always do that. This past quarter, our teams continued to show up and deliver on our promise to provide high-quality care to patients who need our services. I want to thank them for their commitment and hard work during these challenging times. We do, however, have numerous initiatives underway around retention, recruitment, capacity management and new care models that we believe will help offset some of these labor pressures. However, we now believe improvement in our labor cost will be slower than originally anticipated. This factor primarily influenced our revised outlook for 2022. We will continue to invest in our people, in our relationships and in our networks. We believe these investments are appropriate and should help us address the long-term opportunities for growth that exists in our markets. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 2,500 facilities or sites of care in HCA Healthcare networks. This represents a 15% increase over last year. Recently, we published our Annual Impact Report for 2021, which highlights the tremendous impact our colleagues had on the patients and communities we serve. You can find the details on our website. Before I turn the call over to Bill, let me end my comments with this. Over the past few years, we have demonstrated an ability to adjust effectively to whatever our realities are, and I'm confident we will do it again.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill. Thank you.
Sam Hazen: Yes. And let me add to that, Pito, this is Sam. I think as we have gone through 2 years of up and down periods with surges, short-cycle normal period surges, another short-cycle normal period, we saw in the surges an acceleration in both turnover and the use of contract labor. As I mentioned on my prepared comments, we do what we got to do to take care of our patients. What we're anticipating is no more significant surges as we move through the rest of this year. And we -- that gives us some opportunity and some level of confidence that we can moderate the use of contract labor. And some of our other initiatives should provide support, recruitment, some of our retention efforts and so forth, giving us an opportunity to wean ourselves off the high levels of contract labor. And we saw that in the short cycles to a certain degree, but we never were able to sustain it simply because it was just that, a short cycle. So as we go through the rest of this year, we think the cycle will be longer with respect to those surge, and that will give us an opportunity to gain some traction with some of these initiatives. Our teams are working diligently across the facilities to make this happen. And again, I'm confident, just as we've done in the past, that we can make these adjustments over time and get us to where we need to be.
Sam Hazen: Yes. This is Sam, Just. With respect to the margins in the first quarter, I think the margins in the first quarter were clearly pressured, as we've indicated here, with somewhat unprecedented levels of cost on the labor side. We -- again, those costs were driven in some respects by the surge that we were reacting to and that pressured in a very significant way. I do believe, over time, we can recover some of that lost margin as we continue to appropriately align our workforce with more permanent workforce or more efficient workforce coming from the contract labor category. As -- setting a target, we don't necessarily have a target for contract labor. Obviously, in 2019, we were maybe half of what we're running today, somewhere in that zone. I don't know if that's realistic in the short run. But I'm hopeful in the intermediate run, with the number of initiatives that we have plus our Galen College of Nursing expansion program, that we can start to get back to those kind of levels. But I do think the first quarter was uniquely pressured from a margin standpoint simply because of the elevated levels of contract labor and the costs thereof.
Sam Hazen: On the payer contract, we are having more discussions. Obviously, the payers understand the inflationary pressures that providers have. And there's early discussions. It doesn't change our revenue mix in the 2022 period because we're largely contracted for 2022. But as we move into 2023 and 2024, Kevin, we have opportunities to utilize our payer contracts to get some relief from the inflationary pressures. And as we further our discussions with those commercial payers, I'm optimistic that we can gain some escalators that are more in line with the inflationary pressures of today versus the inflationary pressures of the past.
Sam Hazen: Well, I think it's hard than it was in 2019. I don't think it will be hard than it was in the fourth quarter or the first quarter. I think rates will naturally come down as the surges subside and as workforce is aligned with more permanent staff and so forth. And so we're dealing in the first quarter and the fourth quarter and a little bit in the third quarter as well very high cost per hour for contract labor. And we do not believe that is sustainable. And so we're anticipating improvements in that. Additionally, I think we will see reductions in the number of contract labor personnel that we use. Again, as our initiatives gain traction, we've invested heavily in our recruiting function and really improved the candidate experience inside of that. We have some improving retention efforts and compensation programs that we think are going to support that component of our set of initiatives. So all of that leads us to believe that we can get the cost per FTE down from where it was in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And so that's our thinking.
Sam Hazen: Yes, let me color that a little bit more, Bill, if I may, please. I think a couple of things when it comes to our same-store 2019 versus our same-store 2021. Our uninsured volumes are down 11% from 2019. So that's a very significant point. The second point I would say is we've had a fairly significant shift of orthopedic total joint surgeries go from inpatient to outpatient from 2019 to 2022. Again, that's put pressure on the admissions. Our surgeries were actually up over 2019. And then again, with our emergency room visits, if you look at the categories that are the paying categories were slightly up, but our uninsured activities were way down. So I think you got to look at the components of the business and understand the different components. And so the mix, slightly better shift inpatient to outpatient, which we've talked about over the last couple of years, and that influences the 2022 to 2019 comparison.
Sam Hazen: I think a couple of things, Gary. Thank you for that question. The seasonality, we talked about this in the fourth quarter call, was really difficult for us to discern because, again, we were weaning ourselves off the Delta variant and then ramping up on the Omicron variant. I think the seasonality again, with our volume, is a bit uncertain to us right now. My sense is this could be a more normal period on seasonality for volume in 2022 than any that we've had over the last 2 years, obviously. But the seasonality on our costs, as we've indicated, I think are going to be different. And they're going to be different because we're at a high watermark on labor cost per FTE in the first quarter. And typically, our costs would go up seasonally. But we think as we work through the initiatives and the alignment of our workforce, we'll have a different pattern to our cost in 2022 than what we've had in previous years. And then hopefully, 2023 gets back to normal. So that's how we're thinking about it. Obviously, there's still months to come here for us to understand, in fact, if that does play out, but that's our thinking at this point.
Sam Hazen: So the first half of last year, our costs were not in what I call an elevated state from the labor. And we mentioned this on our third quarter call, we also mentioned it again on the fourth quarter call and now we're mentioning it on the first quarter call. So we're working ourselves out of some comparisons, number one. But our costs of labor were dramatically disrupted in the Delta variant for a couple of reasons. One, we jumped our census from the second quarter to the third quarter by 8.5%. We had record census levels in the company in the third quarter. Not for the third quarter, but forever. And that forced us to respond to those patients in an appropriate way. The market -- the labor market was being tremendously impacted during the summer of 2021. And we had to use more contract labor at that time than we had in previous periods. Well, that's continued into the fourth quarter and then to the first quarter. Again, we think some of that is influenced significantly by the surges. So that's part of what reoccurred. As Bill alluded to it, the Delta variant was the most intense revenue patient population that we had. So the third quarter covered a lot of that cost because the revenue intensity of the Delta patients was quite high. The fourth quarter had a blend of Delta and Omicron and it still was higher than the first quarter. And so the labor costs really haven't changed per FTE in 3 quarters. I'm considering that to be a good thing. And I'm also considering it to be the opportunity because we're using too much contract labor and it's still at elevated outsized rates. And so our rate trend has continued in the quarter to be reduced. I think our contract labor cost per hour in the first quarter was down 5% from the fourth quarter. And within the quarter -- within the first quarter, it was better each month, month over month. Again, it gives us some confidence that the assumptions we're making for the remainder of the year are reasonable. So that's part of why it doesn't look like we manage through it in historical ways. Our productivity is at a very efficient level when it comes to employees per patient. So we're managing on that front as well as we possibly can. And as, again, we get these other underlying initiatives into a normal period hopefully of no COVID surges, we're going to gain ground on the pressure that we've experienced over the past 3 quarters.
Sam Hazen: Yes. And in forward years, typically, it takes a little bit for the wage index to be adjusted to reflect what's going on in the industry. So I think as '21 and '22 start to get baked into the formula for inflation around the wage indexes of the hospital industry, it will start to influence the reimbursement in slightly different ways.
Sam Hazen: So from a competitive standpoint, I mean, obviously, our wage programs have to be competitive. And that means different things in different circumstances. And we have made adjustments to our compensation programs, really starting back in the third quarter of '21, to respond to some of the market dynamics. We continue to be very fluid in that particular area of our business in responding to the different circumstances from one market to the other. I would say that we think we're in a pretty good spot. We haven't seen any unusual maneuvers broadly. We are fortunate again to have competitors that tend to be only local and in 1 market or 2 markets at the most. So we don't see sort of patterns that permeate all 43 markets for HCA Healthcare. And so that's a positive on that front. But we haven't seen anything unique yet from the competitive landscape with contract labor and so forth. But I've got to believe that they are facing many of the same challenges as we do. And I believe over time we've been able to use our operating discipline, use our systems, use the learnings that we have across the company to create advantage for us. And I believe we will continue to do that.
Sam Hazen: So February and March, which were obviously months post Omicron surge, behaved similarly to the holiday surge that occurred at the end of 2020 and on into the first part of 2021. Again, we had solid non-COVID admission growth in February and March, as Bill alluded to, in the mid-single digits. So we're encouraged by that. There's nothing to suggest that the patterns will be different. But again, we're learning, obviously, as we go through these patterns and we're hopeful that we won't have any more surges and we'll be able to judge some of these patterns more effectively. With respect to our payer contracts, we're about 50% contracted for 2023 and about 30% contracted for 2024. Again, those capacities in each of those years give us opportunities to adjust some of the inflationary expectations to the realities that we have today.
Sam Hazen: I don't know, Bill, if we -- if I have the split right in front of me to be able to answer the first question, but let me speak to the second question. We can get back to you on that first question with a little bit more specificity if we can. It's still early for us with the Galen College of Nursing programs and expansions. But just looking at some of the new schools that we've opened, Austin, Texas, Nashville, Tennessee, parts of South Carolina, the enrollment in a couple of those situations is record level enrollment in nursing program in the Galen College of Nursing. So we've seen a really robust initial enrollment. That gives us confidence. We also believe that we have an opportunity to integrate those students into our organization to support current needs as well as hopefully create synergy as they graduate the program and want to come to work for HCA Healthcare. So we're really encouraged by the prospects. But again, that's more intermediate run, kind of a gain, although there will be some short run with nurse externs and rotations and so forth that we can utilize, hopefully effectively, to support current day needs. But the initial enrollment in a number of these new schools would suggest that there's still a reasonable supply of students who want to go into nursing schools. Maybe circle back to -- I guess -- I think you'll have an answer to your second question.
Sam Hazen: Well, I was going to say, we believe we are compliant with the CMS rules, which are tremendously complex and in many ways difficult to implement because of the variations that exist from one commercial contract to another and from one market to another. So we have, through our -- an internal process, established a program that we believe and CMS has validated in certain circumstances, is compliant. And we continue to try to refine those presentations in ways that, again, satisfied CMS' evolving interpretation as well as our ability to adjust some of our postings to meet the evolving requirements.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, A.J., this is Bill. Let me give that a shot. So as we're looking forward and we're trying to take what we saw in the first quarter to make some assumptions and revision of our assumptions going forward, let's talk about the 3 areas. And first, as I mentioned, the pressure on the labor cost that what we're seeing is it's higher than we originally planned. It's primarily related to the use of contract labor. But we're also adjusting our base wage just to be responsive to the market as well. As I would think about it, our original plans was to kind of manage our overall cost per FTE somewhere between that 3% and 3.5% level. What we saw in the first quarter is our cost per FTE was about 1.5% higher than we expected. So as we forecast this going forward for the balance of the year, it could have a $400 million to $500 million impact. So we factored that into our guidance. The second area is regarding the Omicron variant, the less acuity in revenue, not only that we saw in the first quarter, but to the extent that we continue to see some COVID at a reduced level than what we saw in the first quarter, we factored that in. And then lastly, as I mentioned, just some inflationary increases above what we originally anticipated. So I think the way I would characterize it, approximately 2/3 of our revision, I would apply to kind of our wage and inflationary cost pressures and 1/3 of that due to the revenue acuity primarily to the COVID patients.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Peter, let me give a shot at that. I think we talked about on our fourth quarter call, our contract labor as a percent of nursing hours was around 11%. In the first quarter, it's about that level, too. We were 11.4% specifically in the fourth quarter, about 11.6% in the second quarter. We are experiencing elevated cost per hour of that contract labor, principally, we believe, related to the COVID surges. Our plans going forward are to continue to reduce the utilization of that contract labor and eventually moderate the average hourly rate that we're having to spend for that contract labor. But we think that moderation will be slower than we originally anticipated. So that's what's based in our assumptions, and it's basically influenced with what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Bill Rutherford: Justin, this is Bill. Let me start with the first part of that. Without giving any specific numbers, you've heard us talk about, we expect to decrease the utilization. If I look before COVID, we will be hovering around 9% to 10% of ours. I don't know exactly, there are so many uncertainties, but we expect it to sequentially improve going forward. That does come through the SWB line, not the other operating. You did mention the other operating. It was primarily influenced with the provider tax assessments that I mentioned in my prepared remarks.
Bill Rutherford: Well, Kevin, if you look at our guidance, I think it would imply close to those 20% margin levels. Obviously, we've had to adjust some of our thinking, given kind of these inflationary cost pressures that we're seeing. So we're doing everything we can to operate the company as efficiently as possible. There's a lot of variables that we know go into margin. Volume, acuity, payer mix, continuing to manage our cost structures appropriately. So I would use that 19% to 20% level in the short run. And over time, we're going to continue to find ways to continue to operate efficiently.
Bill Rutherford: I can't say April, Whit, at this point. But we said in our prepared remarks, non-COVID was up 2.2%. And that was really in February and March. In February and March, we were seeing 4.5% to 5%, potentially in those levels. So again, that's why I said we're encouraged by those trends. I don't think really what we saw in the fourth quarter really in broad terms affect our volume outlook. We still see good volume demand in the marketplaces. So originally, we said 2% to 3% volume growth, COVID still being between that, maybe 3% to 5% of our total admissions. And I think right now, I think that's mostly in line with our current expectations.
Bill Rutherford: Ann, this is Bill. So as I mentioned before, we still believe we'll end up seeing 2% to 3% admissions for the full year '22. You're right, we are down a little on '19. I'd have to take a moment to see what that represents in ‘19, it's about 1% is what I think that would be our '21 number versus the baseline '19, would be down about 1%.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Brian, you got a follow-up question. As I think Sam mentioned, too, in his comments, there's always the potential where the labor pressures could affect your volume. What we've seen now is in COVID surges as we manage through transfers, again, I think as Sam alluded in his comments, at the end of the quarter, we were really back to our normal levels, but we're continuing to manage through that dynamic.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Scott, this is Bill. I mean, obviously, we're still assessing it. But I think on first blush, we thought kind of the gross increase we saw would be hovering just under 2%. That's pretty consistent with what we've seen. But I think to your point, it does get netted out when we see the delay in the sequestration cuts out there. So we'll still assess that. So it may move it closer to flat net-net all-in, but we're seeing at the top line just under 2% growth on that. And so we'll see how the final rule comes out as we go through comments.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Andrew, this is Bill. I would tell you it's principally related to the drop in the COVID acuity that I mentioned in my comments. And we're estimating it to be approximately $150 million in the quarter. COVID, obviously, was higher at 10% of our admissions than we expect in the full year. But if you run that out, I would say the vast majority of that revenue decline would be due to the lower acuity that we're seeing with the Omicron variant and expect to see going forward. And outside of that, there's no other really major item that I would call out, just the ebb and flow of kind of normal volume patterns.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Josh, it's Bill. Typically, those contracts range around 13 weeks. So it takes time to adjust. But given the size, they're always flowing through our system on there. And relative to post-acute and discharge planning, I would say, yes. I think that's part of our case management initiatives that I spoke to in my prepared comments. I think the supply and demand dynamics in post-acute, whether it be skilled nursing or other post-acute settings, from time to time can cause a backup in our discharges. And that's why we're trying to advance and utilize some technologies, advance a common organizational structure around case management so we can continue to focus on that and improve that length of stay when patients are ready to go home and there's appropriate levels of discharges. That is a dynamic out there. There's no doubt about it. But I think we're focusing a lot of effort and energy and resources to try to continue to improve in that area.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. I'll start and I'll let Sam kick in. I think it's a mix of both escalating existing initiatives and new ones. One, I'll give an example, and Sam mentioned this earlier, around recruitment. We've increased our investment in recruiter significantly. And that's been a really intentional effort. Same around retention. We're putting common retention strategies across the organization on there. And then the case management that I mentioned in my comments, we recently approved an effort to really align organizationally around our case management strategies. And we're investing in new technologies to give us better predictive assessments of patients' needs at discharge. So it's a combination of accelerating and emphasizing existing efforts as well as implementing new ones. And it kind of touches all bases, if you will, between recruitment, retention, capacity management. And new care models, as you know, can we -- can we bring new support staff to support the care teams, whether it be through patient care techs, through patient safety attendance and the like. So we've got a number of initiatives to try to just, as I said in my comments, continue to support the team and ease those pressures. I would say in our guidance, in our original guidance, we had already factored in some impact of those. And we're going to continue to focus on those to try to, I think, counter some of the market pressures that we are seeing.
Bill Rutherford: No, no, I don't have an answer, Sarah. We'll have to get back with you. I think our overall labor mark is a combination of the temporary labor and some of the base wage inflation. I can't split it for you exactly. We'll get back with you on that. But it's a combination of both.
Bill Rutherford: No. I think we'd have to follow up off-line on that. I don't have any specifics in front of me of the specific margins. But I do know when we have the acuity drop like we did, the revenue does flow through pretty much down to margin. But I don't have exact percentages that I could share with you between these various variants that we've seen.
