R. Milton Johnson: Yes. Let me lead off, and maybe others may want to add some thoughts. I think we've been very consistent describing all year our approach to exchange contracting. We have, in my view, taken a very consistent, disciplined approach, one where we have looked at the market dynamics, the particular sort of market makeup with the size of employers, the competition in the market and a structure exchange contracting accordingly to how we think the behavior of the uninsured may react in certain markets. Of course, currently with all the uncertainty around the exchanges early on, adds some additional confusion to it. But hopefully over time that, of course, will get worked out. But as I said, the result of our work has been that we have access to bronze plans in most of our hospitals, 97%. Almost 100 of our hospitals in the lowest or second-lowest bronze plan, so we feel good about that. We do think that in certain markets over time, where we may not be in the lowest-priced offering in a particular market, it'd be interesting to see how that evolves. In many of these markets, we have a large footprint. We have significant capacity with our emergency rooms. And it will be interesting to see how that plays out over time with respect to certain out-of-network activity in certain markets. So we feel good about where we are with our contracting strategy. I think it reflects the approach that we've been describing from the beginning that it would be disciplined. And again, we like where we are. But as I said in my comments, also believe that over the coming years, it will evolve, that network participations will change. We will probably make changes. And I'm sure the competitors will make changes. So this is not going to be a static situation in my view. And I think as it evolves, we'll be well positioned to compete for all the reasons that Richard described in his comments about our positioning with our core operational strategies.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. A couple of transactions this year, Martin, Fletcher, a locum tenens organization. A larger transaction was The Outsource Group. We closed that July 1. So we've got 1 quarter under our belt with that transaction. Again, The Outsource Group is an organization that's based in St. Louis, about 4,000 employees. They provide revenue cycle management, extended business office outsourcing, Medicaid eligibility, which will be a new capability that we will have now in Parallon. Various other things, like on-site financial counseling and early-out self-pay collections, primary and secondary bad debt collections and the like. So it complements Parallon's core operations very well and brings a couple of new capabilities to us as well. Roughly, The Outsource Group should be probably around $125 million of revenue on an annual basis to size it for you. And we would expect margins in that business to ultimately be somewhere in the kind of the high-teens to possibly 20% range to size how we're thinking about that opportunity. Overall, Parallon, things are going well. Our operations with respect to our revenue cycle continues to go well. We are on track with our LifePoint implementation. I think they referenced that in their call. We have -- at their request, we've worked together with LifePoint to accelerate the implementation. It should be complete by the middle of next year with all of their hospitals. I think we'll have roughly about 35 hospitals implemented on a consolidated revenue cycle by the end of this year. So that's going well. Our CHP, Catholic Healthcare Partners transaction, we're starting up with them, early developments are going well. We will build a new center for them in Cincinnati. And so we are currently working through that process to get that site determined and up and running and start the migration. We have moved their revenue cycle employees over to Parallon. So that has occurred. So things are going on track. HealthTrust continues to do well. We're seeing solid growth in earnings from HealthTrust this year, year-to-date about 11%, roughly 10% to 11% in HealthTrust, so again going well. So overall, Parallon is performing well. I continue to think that over the coming years, we'll have many opportunities to grow through Parallon.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. Well, with respect to our share repurchase, $500 million share repurchase we just closed, the size was limited by our restricted payments basket, which at the time of the transaction was $878 million. And we expect at the end of this year, we should be somewhere around $550 million to $600 million of restricted payments basket capacity. And that, of course, would be net of the $500 million share repurchase. So that was somewhat of a limiting factor for us here in the -- at the end of the -- or the beginning, I should say, of the fourth quarter. With respect to acquisition opportunities, there's not a significant acquisition in terms of financial impact on our balance sheet that we see here in the short term. We have several transactions that we are looking at, more of what I would call the tuck-in acquisitions that we've completed, like we did down in Tampa with the IASIS facilities. As you know, we're looking at a transaction, it's public information down in Florida. We have a transaction that we're looking at in New Orleans. And of course, we're still -- the transactions of a couple of hospitals in Kansas City, still underway, going through the FTC process. So we continue to have those that are out there moving, and we'll continue to look for good opportunities through acquisition. We said, I think, for a few years here that we think the marketplace will present opportunities for us for acquisitions. We've got the capacity with our balance sheet to be out and to complete those transactions. So again, nothing that's material to our balance sheet that we're working on now but several smaller transactions that we'll be very pleased to complete somewhere in the coming several months.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. Well, I think we'll be looking at 2014 reform guidance when we give our annual 2014 guidance. And that will happen probably in February of '14. The variables are, I think, the biggest one is, especially here in the early part of reform, what will be the overall uptake in our markets through the exchanges. Will states ultimately expand Medicaid or not? And as you know, only 4 states that we operate in expanded Medicaid. So the big states to us, like Texas and Florida, did not expand. So how will that evolve over the coming couple of years would be very interesting for us and material, I think, to our model. So I think again those are the ones that we've talked about, just the overall uptake, our ability to gain market share in these markets where we do have contracts. And those would be, I think, the key variables for us. We have a good sense right now of what our pricing would be, of course, now that we've negotiated our rates. But still the overall volume uptake is going to be the big question.
R. Milton Johnson: $6,240. And then if you're at the -- at 100% up to 250% of the Federal Poverty Guideline, now you can't do it with a bronze plan. But if you are in the silver, the second-lowest silver level plan, if you participate at that level, there's a cash assistance program from the federal government that will assist you with your out-of-pocket cost. So for example, at a 100% of the Federal Poverty Guideline, I think the actuarial value of that silver plan plus the cash assistance is about 94%. So it's a very high coverage. And again it moves up to -- it reduces up to 250% with a cash assistance plan. But the maximum out-of-pocket for an individual is just over $6,000.
R. Milton Johnson: Well, I think you're referring to -- in the markets on the exchange, where if a patient presents to our emergency room, they're in an emergent [ph] situation, of course, we will take care of that patient. And then we will bill the payor out-of-network charges. So typically, that would be full charges. Practically, it could be settled for something less. But there's a lot of variation in those various rates. But obviously, it would be something most likely at or higher than the commercial rate for those patients.
R. Milton Johnson: Well, sure, we've been tracking the early activity with our application -- our Certified Application Counselors. We have approximately 400 of them. Quite frankly, they've encountered the difficulties that the public has encountered as trying to access the exchange via the Internet. So it's been off to a slow start. And that relative thought [ph] to the issues, then that's not unexpected. I think over time, we're going to see that improve as the system stabilizes. And as we gain greater access on a more consistent basis to the system, then we'll see that. We've trained our coordinators and we feel we're well positioned to perform. It's just a matter right now more of the technical difficulties that we're dealing with as far as getting people actually signed up.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes, sure. And I think, Justin, what we've been saying is a 3% to 5% EBITDA growth, to clarify. But seriously, and excluded -- I think, as you look at next year, I think what we've indicated is that, excluding the EHR incentive income, which is going to decline as we all know. We captured most of that upside in the early years of the opportunity. And also excluding the impact of the noncash share-based expense that we're incurring, again we're unique because of the LBO when we've had to restart our management equity plan, unique in our sector in that we have an increasing cost there. And after I think next year, that should then be up to its run rate. But excluding the impact of noncash share-based costs and excluding the headwind from the EHR incentive income, I think our base business can grow EBITDA in that 3% to 5% zone is something that we feel that is reasonable. And I think that's consistent with what we've been saying over the last several months.
Samuel N. Hazen: Our operating teams have done a really good job reacting to the changes in volume trends that we saw starting back in the first quarter, as we mentioned on the past calls, and then what we've done in the third quarter here. I think when you think about what HCA is trying to do, it's more of a systemic effort at trying to gain efficiencies than it is an episodic effort at responding to certain dynamics here or there. And I mentioned a couple of the things that we're doing that will have efficiency opportunities embedded in them. And I think those will help us drive toward more efficiencies in our operations. And that's through eliminating redundancies in overhead, eliminating process inefficiencies and identifying new ways to leverage our supply chain. On our biggest cost trend, our labor, at this particular point, we're not seeing any unusual wage pressures in the marketplace as we think about our positioning today and look forward. And so our belief on our wage trends are that we can manage those consistent with where they've been and create the right kind of balance between that particular cost category and our revenue trends. So the company's efforts broadly on the cost front continue very aggressively and will, I think, create the kind of trends that we need to maintain in order to be effective. Like I said in my comments, our performance improvement reorganization is a huge opportunity for the company to create a better structure for sustaining and identifying new ways to generate efficiencies in our operations. The clinical data warehouse is a very unique asset that we think only resides inside of HCA at the level that it doesn't [ph] within our company. And that is going to be a very rich bit of data that allows us to improve our quality, find new ways to create process improvement and clinical efficiency, as well as cost efficiency. And so those things are big-ticket items for the company, and we feel good about how they present themselves over the next few years. And if we execute on those, as we've executed on other initiatives, I think we're going to be well positioned to keep our costs where we need them to be.
Samuel N. Hazen: We have a very comprehensive effort across all of our hospitals to ensure that we have adequate resources in our facilities to assist with Medicaid eligibility applications and so forth. As Milton mentioned a minute ago, The Outsource Group will provide additional resources for the company to buttress those where it needs to, especially in those states where we've seen Medicaid expansion. I don't have the exact percentages here around how many applicants today get approved. But the vast majority of them tend to get approved for Medicaid. So it's north of 50%, probably around 60% or so of eligible Medicaid beneficiaries get approved. We work with those other patients to get other government funding or they follow through on the application process insufficiently and they wind up not getting approved. But we have a pretty high success rate. We monitor that by facility, we monitor that by state to understand where do we have opportunities to improve it. We think the presumptive eligibility procedures that are out there will assist us in that process somewhat. How much, we don't know yet, but it will have some impact on those metrics. But we have a pretty good program and the numbers are somewhere in that probably 2/3 range approved. And 1/3 that don't get approved for a host of reasons, some of which their income is too high, some of which their applications don't get turned in or we can't locate the patient, whatever the case may be. But again, we're evaluating those resources and looking very closely at those metrics on a routine basis to enhance the procedures where we can.
Samuel N. Hazen: We have about 55 behavioral units inside of HCA today and we have a similar number of in-patient rehabilitation facilities inside the company. As I mentioned, we're up about 3.5% on behavioral admissions in the quarter. We're up about 8.5% on rehab admissions. Rehab is up 10% for the year and behavioral is up about 2.5% for the year. And that is slightly down. We still have opportunities to invest in these service lines within a number of our markets. And we are doing that. We're adding capacity in certain situations. We're adding physician capability in other situations that will allow us to grow our volumes. We still think there are opportunities for managing our continuum of care more effectively in certain situations that will enhance our ability to deliver more care in these 2 service lines. But when you look at the market share data in both of these service lines, we do have gains in share across the company. The behavioral service line, in particular, shows very strong demand curve. Rehab is not as strong but also stronger than other medical areas. And we think managing the continuum in total is a very important part of what we're trying to get done in the marketplace. It's really not just with those 2 service lines. We're doing it more broadly with pediatric service lines, with trauma service lines, with deeper capabilities in other service lines. We're using our infrastructure within our markets to manage the continuum more effectively. We have what we call transfer centers in each of our markets that allow us to assist the patient and the physician in navigating our continuum more effectively. That's allowed us to keep more patients in our system. And so we think those structural things will continue to evolve and allow us to gain share hopefully down the road.
Samuel N. Hazen: Yes. I think one of fundamental aspects of our growth agenda is to ensure that we have adequate access to our system. And that includes a host of different capabilities, everything from emergency room capacity, as Richard mentioned, to physician clinics to other outpatient settings in locations that make it convenient and easy for patients to access an HCA system. We are exploring the concept of urgent care in a very substantial way to understand how it can fit into our overall network of offerings. CareSpot is in 2 markets, largely at this particular point in Nashville and Kansas City. We are studying the effects of that. It is intended to be more around creating access than it is to move patients necessarily from one setting or the other, although it does play a part in that approach. But we believe it's a convenient and efficient way for patients to get low-end care and then provide access to an HCA network if they need more substantial care or sophisticated care down the road. And so that will continue to evolve. We've studied that. We actually have another market, pediatric urgent care centers that are connected to our children's hospitals that serve a similar role. Additionally, we have many affiliations with urgent care centers in these major metropolitan markets that allow us to virtually expand our network. And HCA is the downstream health care system for some of the freestanding urgent care centers that exist in the market. So it's all again part of the core strategy of trying to create physician access to the system. And we will continue to study the effect of owning urgent care as opposed to affiliating and what that means to us as we move forward.
