Richard Bracken: All right, Adam. Thank you. Sam, do you want to start out, basically he’s asking about market share and the mix shift.
Richard Bracken: I’m going to remind you that we’ve got about 85% to 90% of our 2012 managed care revenue currently under contract and at 5% to 6% sort of contracted rate increased zone with structures under those contracts very similar to what we’ve been operating under in recent years. We got about half of our 2013 managed care revenue under contract and at same sort of rate growth range at this point, and again with underlying structures consistent. So, although, there would be discussions, I think it especially gets closer to 2014, and assuming healthcare reforms continues to be on track and the like. But as of now, I would say our managed care pricing and our structures are similar to what -- and largely consistent with what we have been working with in recent years.
Richard Bracken: So, Sam, I think in his comments addressed the primary reasons that our yield is below our contracted rate and it has to do with basically our surgical volumes in a few areas.
Richard Bracken: Well, we’re not giving guidance on details about payer on volume, again, but we are encouraged looking at the trend going into 2012, especially with some of the recent news around unemployment, that picture looking a little bit better as well.Christine Arnold – Cowen And Company: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Bracken: Yeah, obviously, the way we think about the special dividend, it’s really a method of returning some liquidity to all of our shareholders. And without requiring them to reduce their ownership position and so this is really -- this makes a lot of sense given the interest rates and the generally lower industry valuation environment. We have said repeatedly that our strong cash position allows us to be very flexible in creating value and that’s going to be our go forward strategy. A strong cash flow allows us lots of choices you saw over 2011. We not only fully sourced our capital budgets, but we repurchased the shares from Bank of America 80 million shares. We’ve completed key acquisitions and all these issues are -- we will evaluate as we go forward. Strong cash flow gives us that positive set of choices and we’ll continue to play that kind of discipline to where we can create value for the shareholders and still maintain our market position. And we’ll be flexible and supple about that as we go forward.Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks.
Richard Bracken: All right, Sheryl. I’m going to bump, as you would expect, to Jon Perlin the readmission discussion. John is our Chief Medical Officer as you well know, make sure everybody else knows, but on the litigation, we have pretty standard policy over the years that we do not comment on pending litigation. So, I would like to leave it at that on that particular case at this point.
Richard Bracken: I think on the Medicare side Gary all we’re doing -- we’re projecting current law. Obviously there will be inpatient update you want to have you that will be a with, but at this point our expectations and estimates are based on current law. In terms of UPL, I know Mil you talked a little about the down graph that we expect and it relates, I don’t know so much of fourth quarter, it relates to the full year.
Richard Bracken: Gary, it’s a five-year waiver, I mean there could be adjustments in how the waiver is implemented clearly during that five-year period. So, it’s a five-year wavier.
Richard Bracken: One thing that’s happened within our neonatal businesses is the clinical initiatives that we put towards many years ago and I think HCA has some credit externally around 39-week policies and so forth and that has had some impact on our neonatal unit. The other thing that we’ve seen across the market is, infertility volumes through infertility clinics had been down during the recession, which makes sense to me at a certain level and that does have some implication on multiple birth and how it plays out in the neonatal setting. Outside of that, we’re really not seeing anything material that we can point to with neonatal activity across the company. So, those are just some high level observations that we think have had some impact. Again, the fourth quarter was dramatically different in the first nine months of the year, so I’m not necessarily focusing in on that as any kind of significant trend change. It’s just that component of the explanation for this quarter.
Richard Bracken: All right. With that I want to thank everybody for being on the call. Mark and I are here all day. So look forward to see and talking to many of you. Thanks again.
Sam Hazen: Just to remind everybody once again. Our market share data is somewhat lagging and to date we are starting to get in third quarter market share data in certain markets and we have better market share data through the second quarter. And for HCA on a 12-month running basis, our market share has grown modestly and a markets like that has been slightly flat to up maybe 0.5 point over the 12-month period. And what we have seen inside that market share is generally statistics that are reflective of what we’ve been reporting. For example, women services during this time period have been down 3.5% and HCA’s market share is modestly down like 5 basis point. Our cardiology, for example, has been down about 4% in the market and HCA’s picked-up market share around 9 basis points. So within the different categories our market share trend are generally favorable, but reflective of the overall volume trends that we’ve reported over the year. I will say that I think as the year has progressed, we have picked-up slightly more market share than what we’ve reported through the second quarter with the volumes that we reported in the third quarter, as well as the volumes that we reported in the fourth quarter. I haven’t seen this specific service line data yet to understand whether or not we’re gaining or losing market share within the different service lines, but as soon as we get that information, we study it and we work with our division President’s to ensure that the information is being used to adjust our strategies and so forth. Milton, did you want to add something to it.
Sam Hazen: Let me just add to that for one minute. I think when we look at managed care activity and I want to give you some stats through the end of year as well as the fourth quarter, because I think it will help understand what changed in the fourth quarter and caused our trend to move from 4% or so down to 1.5% to 2%, and it really involves the fact that the book of business that grew and moved up to where we were basically flat with managed care admissions for the quarter is in the medical admission category. We were up almost 3% in the fourth quarter on medical admissions. Year-to-date through September we were flat. Within medical admissions, the case mix and revenue per admission is almost 1.5 of surgical admissions. And so when you look within surgical admissions, we were down less in the fourth quarter, not a whole lot, but less, we were down about 5% in the fourth quarter and through September year-to-date are down 5.5%. In the mix, in the combination of the weighting of the differences between revenue per medical admission patient versus the revenue per surgical admission starts to bring down the composite rate. And obviously, we do okay on medical admissions, we do better on surgical admissions, but the weighting brings the overall composite revenue per adjusted admission to a number that below our contracted number. So, said another way, we just had movement in our book of business. Within surgery we did see a little bit of a decline in the cardiovascular -- a large decline actually like I said in my comment in the neonatal. That contributed to some of it, but I think the mix of business here is also a significant contributing factor. I think Sam too the comp we had last year was a pretty high, that contributed to piece of it as well.
Sam Hazen: Sheryl, this is Sam Hazen. I think just to add to what John said and it’s through our analysis and our programs and other efforts, at this particular point in time we’re viewing readmission as an immaterial risk to sort of our volume metrics at this particular point in time.
Milton Johnson: Just one other comment, as you know our market share data is inpatient-only, it doesn’t capture the outpatient activity. And the company, has been seeing very strong emergency room, volume growth over the past year, over 6% as Richard mentioned for the year just ended 2011. I think that strategy and the growth we’re seeing in our emergency rooms contributing to the overall adjusted admission growth that we were reporting especially over the last two quarters.
Milton Johnson: Well, sure. I think overall, no doubt during the second half of 2012 our comps will become more difficult with the operating expense performance that we have generated in 2011. I’m not aware of any particular item out there. I do think, as I have said in the comments, a low inflationary period. We’re projecting that’s going to carry through the year. We have attractive supplier initiative underway that we think will also help us. If we see a stabilization and the service mix which we’re calling for really in the second, third and fourth quarter of next year, that may put some year-over-year comp pressure on supply costs, but I don’t consider that to be a major headwind for us. So, I do think our costs, overall trends should be similar, but I think it would be more difficult in the second half of the year, certainly more difficult than you will see in the first quarter of 2012.
Milton Johnson: Of course, the range of EBITDA growth based on the $6.2 billion to $6.45 billion, of course, would be 2.3% to 6.4% EBITDA growth all-in compared to 2011. If you look at some of the major, major pieces of it and walk through it, and again there’s different ways of cutting this no doubt and looking at it. We’re looking at next year in our guidance probably around 80 basis points to 1% sort of tailwind from HITECH. We’re also looking in the neighborhood of probably around 4% or so of tailwind from HealthONE included in that guidance. Now, the headwinds we’ve got are primarily, of course, it’s going to be the UPL, which I think we’ve guidance of probably $80 million to $90 million sort of hit there with respect to UPL, and then on Texas Medicaid, there should be about $60 million headwind there versus $20 million that we had this year. So a net $40 million impact on the growth rate. So, if you take all that into account, the pluses and minuses, we’re showing the underlying business growing about probably in that 1.5 to 3 range, somewhere in that zone.
Milton Johnson: Yeah, I mean, Richard on Parallon, first of all here with us this morning is Michael O’Boyle who just joined us in January as our new CEO of Parallon of course to replace Beverly Wallace who retired at the end of the year. We are very, very happy to have Michael on board and his guidance of Parallon over the coming years. Really when we look at the supply agenda with respect to HPG we continue to see a good growth opportunities from HPG. We continue to see opportunities again with our contracting strategies especially as we roll out some strategies around medical devices and it’s a very market by market approach. It’s a very sensitive approach to our physicians but it is one that we believe we’ll continue to be able to yield results. One example is that we bring our supply chain strategies into the EHR opportunities there as well. So we have a lot of opportunity there with respect to, I think you’re mentioning or referencing our outsourcing imitative in China. That continues to develop at this point that initiative is not having a material impact on the company, but one we’re continuing to develop in 2012.
Milton Johnson: Yeah, with respect to tax item, we settled a couple of tax cases closed out a couple of years and we picked up about $172 million in refunds related to those years. So, now I believe we have all of our tax years closed through 2004. And so we’re very pleased to get those settled and agreed to we think in terms of reasonable. So, we did pick up a refund. Of course, that should not reoccur. Also, this year and into fourth quarter we benefited from accelerated depreciation with some of the tax law changes as a result of the recession, so able to expense for tax faster than we are writing off or depreciating the book. That certainly helped our effective tax rate as well during the year. Of course, that will work against us the future period. As far as the our cash flow from ops going forward, of course, another thing benefited this year, it was the HITECH incentive payment, it also was a benefit to our cash this year. So, going forward I would say that our cash flow operations for next year would range probably around $3.4 billion to $3.6 billion framed around the same range of our EBITDA target that we’ve given.
Milton Johnson: It relates to the full year about probably $80 million to $90 million of additional drop in EBITDA from UPL program for 2012 versus 2011. Of course, like I said, we did have a $73 million decline in 2011 versus 2010. We’ve just used our best information. There’s still some uncertainty and details we don’t know about the new waiver and how it’s going to play out in some of our markets, but we’ve used our best information, our best estimate to come up with the guidance that we’re giving on UPL for 2012, but there is certainly still some moving parts.
