R. Milton Johnson: All right, thank you, Vic, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call or the webcast. Before we go into details about the quarter, I'd like to take a few moments to talk about our response to Hurricanes Florence and Michael which have recently affected our facilities and colleagues in the Southeast U.S. On September 14, Hurricane Florence made landfall in South Carolina and on October 10 hurricane Michael made landfall in Panama City, Florida. Immediately before and after the storms, we evacuated several hundred patients to other facilities and without patient harm. Both storms had a devastating effect on the communities we serve in Florida and the Carolina's and where our HCA colleagues live and work. Throughout these events, our colleagues in the affected areas and across the enterprise have supported our emergency operations efforts, our patients and each other. Our robust disaster preparedness plans give us confidence when facing weather disasters like this, but it's the teamwork and patient-centered commitment of our HCA Healthcare colleagues that make those plans work so well. I'm very proud of that teamwork and professionalism. Now let me provide some comments on third quarter results. Overall, we are very pleased with third quarter results. Consistent with recent results, we saw solid volume and rate growth, increased intensity of service and excellent expense management which resulted in solid adjusted EBITDA growth for the quarter. This morning, we also favorably revised our earnings guidance ranges to reflect results for the nine months ending September 30 and expectations for the remainder of the year. More on this later in my comments. Revenues in the third quarter totaled $11.451 billion, up 7.1% from the previous year's third quarter. Net income attributable to HCA Healthcare Inc. increased 78% to $759 million or $2.15 per diluted share compared to $426 million or $1.15 per diluted share in last year's third quarter. Bill will provide more detail on these items in a moment. Adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter increased to $2.096 billion an 18% increase over the prior year which included the negative impact from both hurricanes in the third quarter of last year and Texas Medicaid waiver payments. Additionally, our third quarter adjusted EBITDA growth rate was unfavorably impacted by an estimated 310 basis points from the sale of Oklahoma University assets. Year-to-date, through September, our adjusted EBITDA totaled $6.441 billion compared to $5.871 billion in the same period of 2017, an increase of 9.7%. Cash flows from operations were very strong, totaling $1.721 billion up from last year's – $1.008 billion last year. We invested $846 million in capital spending in our existing markets, repurchased 2.5 million of our shares at a cost of $302 million and also paid a dividend of $121 million during the third quarter of 2018. This morning we updated our guidance ranges for 2018. Revenues are now projected to range from $46 billion to $47 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is estimated to range from $8.7 billion to $8.9 billion. And diluted earnings per share is now estimated to range from $9.05 to $9.45 per diluted share. In September, we announced my retirement as CEO at year-end and the appointment of Sam Hazen as CEO effective January 1, 2019. So today after approximately 80 HCA quarterly earnings calls, this will be my last as an active participant. Since January 1, 2014, it's been my privilege to be the CEO of this great company. I've had the distinct pleasure of getting to know many of you over my 36 years at HCA. This is a wonderful company with many talented people who are committed to the delivery of high-quality patient care and operational excellence. I am extremely proud of the many accomplishments we've achieved as a team including advancing the company's clinical agenda which focuses on delivery of high-quality patient care and improving patient satisfaction. HCA is well-positioned for the future under Sam's leadership and I remain excited about the company's future. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. Frank I'll start with the latter. We're still in the process with the Mission Health acquisition. Likely that would be a public market event, but we'll evaluate that just as we get closer and have visibility of a close date. Regarding capital next year and impact, obviously we'll talk about that further when we give, when we complete our planning process and give full year 2019 guidance with specifics. The capital will be a factor that will help contribute the growth trajectory of the company.
R. Milton Johnson: I think the business dynamics, we're not anticipating any dynamic change as we go from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. I mean, it's – some of this is we think encouraging with respect to how our volumes have sustained themselves over the year. So we're optimistic that the trends of the company will continue on into the fourth quarter and into 2019 like we mention. So there is a lot of moving parts in our business and, but nonetheless, the key elements are pretty consistent with how we've been operating.
R. Milton Johnson: All right. April, I think we're good. And I thank everyone for dialing in and look forward to talking to you (47:27). Thank you very much. Thanks April.
Samuel N. Hazen: All right. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide more detail on our volume performance for the quarter as compared to the third quarter of last year. In general, our volume growth in the quarter was consistent with the prior two quarters growth. Additionally, we continued to demonstrate broad-based growth across the company's divisions and across our various service lines. My comments will focus on our same facility, domestic operations. 12 of 14 divisions had growth in both admissions and adjusted admissions. 5 of 14 divisions had growth in emergency room visits. Freestanding emergency room visits grew 11%, while hospital-based emergency room visits declined 1.8%. Once again, higher acuity visits grew while lower acuity visits declined. Admissions through the emergency room, as Bill indicated, grew by 3.3%. Trauma and EMS volumes grew by 4.9% and 1.5% respectively, reflecting the higher acuity visits we are seeing in our emergency rooms. In-patient surgeries were up 1.8%. Surgical admissions were 27.3% of total admissions in the quarter generally consistent with the prior year. Surgical volumes continued to be strong in cardiovascular vascular and orthopedic service lines. 11 of 14 divisions had growth in in-patient surgeries. Outpatient surgery showed strong growth. Hospital-based surgeries were up 5%. And our freestanding ambulatory surgery centers were up 3.8%. 13 of 14 divisions had growth in outpatient surgeries. Behavioral health admissions grew 2.4%. Rehab admissions grew 8.3%. Cardiology procedure volumes, both inpatient and outpatient combined, were up 2.3%, driven mostly by growth in electrophysiology services. Births were down 1.2% and neonatal admissions were down 1.6%. Urgent care visits for the company were down 2.8% on a same facilities basis. They were up however, 12% on a consolidated basis reflecting the growth in the number of overall centers. HCA has now grown same-facility admissions in 18 consecutive quarters. Before I finish my comments, I want to take this time to acknowledge Milton and thank him for his outstanding leadership and for being a great colleague. With almost 37 years of service with the company, Milton has had a tremendous career. On behalf of the senior team and the Board of Directors, we wish him the best upon his retirement at the end of the year. Also I want to share a few thoughts I shared with our board about the company's current state and my view on the company's near-term future. I believe this consistent pattern of growth that HCA demonstrates is a result of multiple factors. First, macro trends at our markets are mostly positive, demand growth is solid and trending favorably, pricing trends remain stable and we believe we have good visibility into them over the next few years, and the competitive environment remains fragmented, which creates an advantage for us given our scale and diversification. Second, the company's growth agenda underneath these macro trends is once again yielding solid market share gains. Our overall competitive position and our diversified portfolio of markets is strong, as a result of improvements in quality outcomes, improvements in nursing performance and strategic capital spending which is adding appropriate inpatient and surgical capacity along with more outpatient facilities to serve our patients conveniently. And third, HCA is fortunate to have a deep and experienced management team that is fully engaged and relentlessly focused on execution and delivering results that create value for our patients, our employees, our physicians and our shareholders. I believe these three factors will continue to support our business in 2019. Typically, we do not provide any indication into the upcoming year at this point. But with the transition in leadership, I felt it important to give a glimpse into the upcoming year. While we can never predict with certainty how our business will perform, the environment in 2019 appears positive in general across our markets. And specifically with respect (20:33-20:42). Our planning process for 2019 is not finished. As usual, we will provide you more details in January when we formally issue guidance for the year. An early look however at 2019 indicates that we expect solid volume growth again and an adjusted EBITDA growth rate somewhere within a reasonable range of this year's currently expected full year growth rate. As we always do at HCA, we will challenge ourselves to find opportunities to enhance performance. I have been with HCA for 36 years and it is truly an honor to be the next CEO. HCA is a great company and I look forward to working with our employees and physicians as we strive to achieve our mission which is fundamentally to give our patients the care they deserve. With that let, me turn the call over to Vic for questions.
Samuel N. Hazen: Yes, this is Sam, Frank. I mean we have about $4.5 billion to $5 billion of capital in our pipeline. We will have a little bit more come online in 2019 than we had in 2018. It comes online at different points in the year, so it will have different impacts if you will on our volume. But I don't think it's going to materially change our volume trends or expectations as we finish up this year and go into next year. We are seeing improving demand in our markets as I mentioned in our call, I mean in my comments rather, and we've seen that now for roughly three or four straight quarters. So we are encouraged by that. And then as I mention, we are starting to see market share gains again which is encouraging with what we're doing in the marketplaces around our growth agenda.
Samuel N. Hazen: This is Sam. I think Ashville and Savannah uniquely offered up opportunities for the company that met our criteria. Both of those systems are fundamentally market-makers in the sense that they can execute on their own what we believe to be the right provider system strategy. So we're still going to remain selective around those criteria that we use to determine whether or not an acquisition fits our model. I would hope that we would see continued opportunities for new markets. Obviously, our interest is primarily inside of our existing portfolio, but to the extent we see a new market that presents a system that has the wherewithal to go the distance if you will, we would be very interested in that. Now obviously those systems come up when they come up. We can't really forecast that, but we will continue to be opportunistic around those situations when they present themselves.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well the story around Savannah and Mission are totally different. Savannah was in a desperate situation, needed more capital, needed professional management and so forth. Mission, conversely is a very successful system, well manage, great physicians, great financial results and so forth. They just viewed the need for scale as being very significant at least in their thinking and their board made a decision to go down that path with us. So it just depends on the circumstances. Obviously, we believe Savannah has incredible long-term potential and the size of that healthcare market is about one million people when you consider the rural market, which is very similar to the Ashville market in the Western North Carolina rural markets combined. So those kind of situations are really dependent upon the individual circumstances and the strategic analysis that each of the board's take. So I don't know, if there's anything today that's materially different that would suggest there's going to be more, but we'll just have to wait and see how that goes. I think the company is poised to take on more both from a balance sheet standpoint as well as an organizational capacity standpoint. And we think over time these are going to be very productive healthcare systems for the company. Thank you.
Samuel N. Hazen: A.J., this is Sam. We are very pleased with the performance of the company operationally over the past year or so. Our teams have stepped up, especially on the human resources side of the equation and had a dramatic impact on our nursing performance. Our nursing contract labor on a year-over-year basis is down significantly. We've been able to increase our hiring as a result of our nursing agenda and human resources agenda. So at this particular point in time on the labor front, we're not anticipating any unusual headwinds as we turn the calendar into 2019. We will continue to execute on the core elements of what we're trying to get done with being a very productive employer and at the same time a great employer for our employees and we think that's going to yield some dividends as we move forward. Obviously, it's important that we grow our volume simply because we get the operating leverage from that growth given the fixed cost structure of the company. On the other two categories, I would say that the trends are generally consistent. We're not seeing anything unusual at this particular point in time on either the supply line item or the other operating expenses. We have been able to manage our physician costs effectively in this particular quarter. I think our physician costs as a percent of revenue were consistent with the previous years. So we haven't seen any dramatic shift there as well. So as we turn into 2019 again, we'll have to get through all the details of our planning over the next 60 days or so but we're not anticipating any material swing in any of the cost trends.
Samuel N. Hazen: And then just to give you some color. This is Sam again. I mentioned in my prepared comments that our trauma volumes were up four-plus-percent. Just to give you another example, bone marrow transplants inside of HCA in the quarter were up 16%. Our orthopedic surgical volumes, which carry a higher revenue per case than average, were up significantly. Cardiovascular services also carrying a higher revenue per case. Those are contributing factors to this. I think when you look fundamentally at the pricing component of our business we're achieving what we thought we would both on the commercial side as well as the governmental side. And then as you look at the strategic agenda of the company which is to create more clinical capabilities, those additional clinical capabilities allow us to take care of more acute patients, provide more complex procedures and that drives our revenue up. Again that's a very powerful model for us, because it's on the same platform of fixed cost. And if we can increase the acuity in our facilities, deliver the higher revenue per patient, put that on top of the same fixed cost that produces decent margin lift for the company. So that's been our strategy. We continue to execute on it. We think we have headroom in it. As we build out our outpatient facilities in each of our markets we think that opens up the gateway if you will to an HCA provider system. And then when our patients need more complex care we can provide it to them somewhere else in the system. That's fundamentally what we've been about for the past five or six years and we continue to believe that's adding value to the company.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah, Justin this is Bill. Our midpoint of our guidance, you're right would suggest just under a 7% as reported year-over-year growth.
William B. Rutherford: Well, I don't want to give percentage, we obviously – yeah, I don't want to give specific percentages on there. As we look at the factors, we look at the trends around the core growth, we look at – capital continue to come online. We look at the turn of the trend on acquisitions and all of those together, believe that we should be within a reasonable range of this year's growth rate.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah. So let me call out a couple points when you're looking at our guidance and then what the expected range of growth for this year's fourth quarter is. First, just remind everybody, the fourth quarter of 2017 was an extremely strong quarter for us. We posted a little north of 7% growth over the prior year in that quarter. Second, when we look at the sequential Q3 to Q4 growth, our estimate would be similar, somewhat exceed what we typically see. We've studied the seasonality and we've factored that into our guidance. Third, as you mention, we do have some uncertainty regarding the Q4 impact of Hurricane Michael on our Florida Panhandle operations. We tried to factor a reasonable estimate into that for the quarter into our guidance. And finally, when I really look at our updated guidance as you see at the midpoint we've increased approximately $50 million at the midpoint. It's basically accounting for the professional liability pickup we had this quarter offset by some impact of Michael in the quarter as well. So that's really the factors that went into our overall guidance for the balance of the year.
William B. Rutherford: I was going to say one thing on 2019 guidance just to be clarified too, it does not include acquisitions such as Mission. That is not included in the range that Sam stated, just to make that clear as well.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah. Thanks. On the depreciation that growth is really just factor of our same store as well as new acquisitions that are fueling that and pretty much in line with what we anticipated on there. Relative to Mission financing and the specific metrics, too early to call, we'll evaluate that at the time, what the market conditions are, and we'll look at. In terms of our pursuit of investment grade, we haven't stated that as a specific financial goal but I think as we continue to demonstrate consistent performance, strong balance sheet, great cash flow that hopefully over time we'll be recognized for those trends.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah, I'll cover that. Thanks for the question. So we are getting a favorable update as we assess it now our update will range between 2.5% to 2.8% growth in our Medicare update. That is compared to approximately 1% we received in recent past. So that's an incremental 1.5% to 1.8% on the Medicare update. We believe we have accommodated for this within the context of our overall guidance range and perhaps will be a factor for us as we look towards 2019 as well.
William B. Rutherford: All right, yeah. Let me start with that. We give the hospital-only managed care just as you look at the consolidated number gets affected by physician practice, urgent care, and other. So, we just tried to provide some clarity on there. We remain pleased with managed-care number; there is clearly an intensity driver of that as well as pricing factor of that. We're pleased with our contracting efforts. We've got good visibility into 2019 and 2020 as well pretty consistent terms and condition that we have experienced. There are potentially, when you look at the quarter-over-quarter results, some hurricane impact as a result as you had recovery of some hospital-based outpatient surgeries this year as well. So, again, overall pleased. That 4.8% is pretty consistent on that stat with what we've seen year-to-date running about the same number. So it's been pretty stable trends for us on that managed-care book.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah. I think honestly, it's too early for us to give some commentary on that. As we get into our 2019 guidance and we get closer visibility into that transaction, we'll give you guidance on what we expect the contribution of Mission will be.
William B. Rutherford: Well, there is clearly an intensity driver of that as we continue to focus our strategic efforts of growing our high intensity business. That's driving that statistic as well. It's why we give you our case mix number, we've seen that grow, pretty consistent in the three to four, sometimes north of that over the past several quarters. And that's really just a function I think of our strategies and new capital and focus on program development is the main driver of that. And as we've seen continue growing demand in the market too, all of those are driving higher in-patient growth that's fueling that revenue per adjusted admission number as well.
William B. Rutherford: Again, we had broad-based performance across a lot of our markets in the quarter. And I think that's a continuation of what we've seen in the first half of the year. But in particular, we had strong performance in our DFW market. We had strong performance in our Austin Texas market. Our north Florida markets were very strong in the quarter. So, very powerful results across this wonderful portfolio that we have of markets. And it's broad-based. It's not just in admission activities. It's in other categories of our business which is encouraging and again reflects the strength of HCA's portfolio not only from a market standpoint, but from a service line standpoint given that we provide so many different services. As it relates to the emergency room, we have seen growth for the year. It's modest. I mean we're up about 1% for the year. Clearly we benefited earlier in the year from flu activity. We have seen somewhat of a slowdown in supply in our markets with respect to freestanding emergency rooms and certain urgent care center development. So maybe over the long-term, we could possibly start to see some rebound in the emergency room volume. Again what we are soft in are the lower revenue elements of our emergency room business. Our higher levels of acuity are producing much more revenue per visit than do the lower levels obviously in how we price. And so the profitability impact of it is not as material as one would think. Nonetheless, we have seen some softness. Some of that could possibly be cannibalized by our own urgent care center development which we think is a very strategic element of what we're trying to do in being comprehensive in the offerings of provider system capability and convenience for our patients as well as having different price points if you will for our payer partners. And so from that standpoint, we may be cannibalizing a little bit of our own business. But long term, we think it's strategic to building out the provider capabilities that we think are necessary for us to be responsive to the marketplace.
William B. Rutherford: Yes, Kevin. This is Bill. I think your number is a little higher when we equate it to the percentage growth than, I don't think we're seeing that $50 million to $60 million, it's probably more in the $35 million to $40 million level for us. And I do think that as you look at our range of guidance that it could potentially put us on a higher to the midpoint. So I think the range is wide enough to accommodate for that Medicare update.
William B. Rutherford: Potentially, obviously, we got a lot of revenue. There's a lot of pluses and minuses that flow through in any given time. But again, I think, we feel comfortable with where our guidance is today given all the factors that we're looking at.
