Mark Kimbrough: Thank you, April. Good morning and welcome to all of you on today's call or webcast. With me this morning is our CEO, Sam Hazen and Bill Rutherford, our CFO which will provide comments on the company's results and 2019 guidance provided in today's earnings release. Before I turn the call over to Sam, let me remind everyone that today's call containing forward-looking statements. They are based on management's current expectations. Numerous risk, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Several of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or future results. On this morning's call, we may reference measures such as adjusted EBITDA and net income attributable to HCA Healthcare, Inc., excluding losses, gains on sales of facilities, which are non-GAAP financial measures. A table providing supplemental information on adjusted EBITDA and reconciling to net income attributable to HCA Healthcare, Inc. is to adjust EBITDA is included in today's fourth quarter earnings release. This morning's call is being recorded and replay of the call will be available later today. I'll now turn the call over to Sam.
Mark Kimbrough: Thank you, Bill. [Operator Instructions] April, you may now give instructions to those who want to ask questions.
Mark Kimbrough: All right, Gary. Thank you for questions. April, I think we are going to close the queue here. I want to thank everybody on the call today. And we look forward to talking with you if you are leaving follow -up following the call. Thank you so much.
BillRutherford: Justin, this is Bill. I'll take that call. So as we look at our 2019 guidance, we believe it's consistent what we talked about on our third quarter call. Obviously reflecting our continued strong performance and the core operation of the companies along with the expected improvements and the performance of our acquisitions. So let me just give you few more details. First, if you look at the midpoint of our adjusted EBITDA guidance roughly $9.55 billion that equation almost a 7% on as reported basis that we finished 2018. And then in 2018, if you adjust for the $70 million positive malpractice adjustment and the $49 million insurance settlement that we don't think we will repeat, if you adjust for these items we were 8.2% at the midpoint for 2018 guidance. About 3% of this growth is from our acquisitions with 2% from our 2017 and 2018 acquisition and Mission coming about 1% of that growth. So that leads a little above 5% of the balance in the expected same facility growth as we continue to anticipate volume to demand capital investments, strategy execution and so forth. So we think all of that is reflected in our 2019 guidance.
BillRutherford: Pito, thanks. Let me make a stab at that and so we are all pleased with the margin growth as I said the same facility margin growth for the year is up 70 basis points. I think that's a continued reflection of our operating leverage. We said for sometime within the 46% kind of same facility revenue range we are on high end of that. We do anticipate some margin leverage and we are seeing that. We saw that in the fourth quarter with 10 basis points increase on a same facility basis. So we feel generally comfortable with that as we roll up our consolidated or our acquisitions are put a little pressure on the as reported margin. So we do anticipate some margin expansion if we can achieve at the top end of that revenue range. And I think again we are very pleased with our performance through 2018. And we will see what 2019 holds.
BillRutherford: Yes. Whit, this is Bill. I'll start and then Sam can add answer. So if you look at the overall cost structure, you said we remained very pleased with the trends we're seeing there, 2.5% to 3% range. If you start with labor, very pleased with the labor trends. We've had some benefits or reduced contract labor as you mentioned as our teams continue to focus on reducing our turnover. I think our nursing turnover is at low 4s and that has proven the benefit us on the premium labor side. And that's flowing through as some favorable trends on the salary costs. But we see generally wage rates in line with our expectation. So, I've always and continue to characterize as fairly consistent trends right now. We see the same going into 2019. We continue to be very pleased with the team's execution on the supply cost agenda. As I mentioned, we were 30 basis points down on same facility on supply cost as we continue to see great efforts by HPG and the contract team and our supply team is focusing and partnering with our clinical teams on supply utilization. So very pleased with both of those. And as we turn the calendar into 2019, we think largely those trends should continue and I think Sam mentioned earlier, we don't see any really singular undue pressure point right now. We are always subject to some cyclical trends. But we feel very pleased with how we are turning the calendar on the cost side.
BillRutherford: Yes. Let me attempt it. So we are pleased with how we finished the year on revenue per admit. And if you look at year-to-date, we are at 3.8% on a same facility basis. We were benefited by the Medicare update in the fourth quarter. And as we've said before, a continuing benefit built into 2019. So and we do have good visibility into the commercial contract team. We expect to see continued growth in equity and good payer mix. So I think this year we are helped by the strong commercial volume the Sam talked to, continued growth in equity. And that's led us to be a little bit above our 2% to 3% kind of expectations. We will see what 2019 has but we don't really see any major changes going in the payer environment. So maybe but somehow we can continue those trends going forward. But just in terms of our planning, we would plan in that 2% to 3% range. And then hopefully with the continued growth of equity, good payer mix, we can be on the top side if not exceed that.
BillRutherford: So about 38%, 37% of our Medicare book if you will is managed. We've seen that grow pretty steadily over the past several quarters. From a contracting perspective, the rates and terms are really consistent with what the Medicare rates in terms are. So we equalize that. So we've been dealing with growing M&A in most of our market. So we think it will continue to grow. And we don't really see a pricing differential between traditional and the managed book. Generally it is around utilization management is where factors come into the managed care book. So if something that we have and is continue to grow on. So I don't think it's a headwind or tailwind either way for us.
BillRutherford: I think simply it ensures the EBITDA will be getting a lot bigger as we go forward. So we kind of range our midpoint on either side of that and turns out to be $400 million or range that we give.
BillRutherford: Yes. It's pretty small in one quarter. We do anticipate with a new year that we go back to kind of traditional inflationary rates on Medicare. We don't really anticipate any rate increases on the Medicaid book either.
BillRutherford: Yes, Matt. This is Bill. Good question. So as we talked about throughout the year we anticipated getting the acquisition to a breakeven or better by the end of the year. And indeed we did that fourth quarter that group was profitable for us. For the full year of 2018 it did create a headwind. We've talked about that roughly $80 million or so. And it's going to provide as I said earlier in my comment about an additional 1% of our EBITDA coming from that growth. So year-over-year there's about a 2% of our growth factor from the 2017 and 2018 acquisition. So we're anticipating nice turn for that group. I think it will continue to ramp and we think most of these will take several years to bring them up to reasonable margin levels for HCA. So we think there's continued growth in those classes even beyond 2018. But part of our growth and as I mentioned earlier almost full 2% is going from the headwind in 2018 to providing some contribution for us in 2019.
BillRutherford: So, Frank, I'll start this and maybe Sam can give you some broader commentary on the acquisition market. So, yes, we were very pleased with the debt offering that we completed a week or two ago. We did up size it from our original because of demand. Obviously that was primarily intended for our Mission financing and so we did a $1.5 billion financing last week very successful and very pleased with that also we have a lot of liquidity. We finished the year with as well. So we've got a lot of flexibility on the balance sheet, markets continue to be receptive to HCA. In terms of the cyclical guidance, there's really nothing specific I would call out on there. Yes, our acquisitions will continue to improve throughout the year, but when you overlay that on HCA broad base, I think you can go with our historical quarterly trends as a good baseline. In terms of the broader acquisition landscape, we did have some press on it, New Hampshire smaller acquisition for this. And I think Sam can give some commentary on the broader kind of acquisition pipeline.
BillRutherford: So, let me try and Sam can add in on macros. So you are right we've been in this 2% to 3% volume guide for sometime, 4% to 6% EBITDA guide. We know there could be period where we are on the high end that we are very pleased with the momentum that we've got that we talked about throughout the call. But we know healthcare is cyclical mainly there is just macro issue but we think our continuing capital investments, our continued acquisitions opportunities will still provide growth for the company. Clearly, our optimism into 2019 and hopefully we will continue to be beyond that. So right now we are still in this 2% to 3% kind of volume guide. When we look at demand, market share capital, we think that's a pretty good number. When we look at our long-term CAGR, we land right in the middle of that. Fortunately, we are in the period. We've been on the high side of that. And hopefully that will continue so. We need a few more reporting periods and data points before I think we adjust that. We are very comfortable with our long-term guidance of 4% to 6% now we also recommend we've been on a high end of that for 2018 and 2019. But, again, I think as we think about the building blocks, strength of the core operations between volume and pricing and cost management, the acquisition opportunities, the capital investment programs. I think that will continue to contribute to the growth of HCA for the long run. And I don't think we see any macros that are going to change that in a major way in this short run.
BillRutherford: Let me just start with that, Ralph, for the quarter, commercial case mix was up 2.1%. Year-to-date were up 3.5%. We had a really strong fourth quarter of 2017. So that was the case mix. On revenue per adjusted admission on year-to-date basis were about 3% after we adjust for some reporting procedures about 2% in the fourth quarter. But that's really a function if you go back and look at fourth quarter 2017; it was extremely strong commercial pricing for us 6.8%. So as we mentioned in my remarks, it's really the commercial we see that being pretty stable. We don't see any major changes going on there, but again good intensity, 3.5% CMI growth in the commercial book on a year-to-date basis.
SamHazen: Yes. This is Sam. The only thing I would add to that is as we look into 2019, we are not seeing any unusual pressures on any category of expenses. And so if we are able to achieve the volume expectation that we've guided toward that can yield I think the operating leverage that Bill was alluding to. So that's the good news on the expense side. There is not any excessive pressures in any category of our overall spending.
SamHazen: This is Sam A J. Let me take those two questions. First, I think our capital program is fairly consistent when you look at 2018, you look at 2017 and then you look at what's coming online in 2019 and 2020. I think in general it's consisting of adding capacity and facilities where we have constraint in our operating at a high level of utilization. So that could be inpatient bed, critical care bed, operating room suites and so forth. And just to give you a metric of company finished the year almost 73%, well over 72% occupancy for our hospital beds which is a very high number. And that's over and above where we were at 2017. And we also had a few additional beds that came online in 2017. The second component of our spending is around building our network in our outpatient capabilities so that we are very convenient and easy to access. So we've added surgery centers. We've added three standing emergency room, urging care centers, clinics and other diagnostic capabilities to really support a comprehensive opportunity for patients to access an HCA Healthcare system. Those are small dollar capital items and they don't consume a huge amount of our budget. So they are very efficient from that standpoint. The final component of our investments, I think that really geared towards our growth are centered around technology, clinical technology that our physicians want. And the more we can add clinical technologies that support our practices and our physicians' need, it allows us to grow the complexity of our services, have a very capable clinical technology platform for our physicians to take care of our patients. And we think the combination of all of those are helping us respond to the marketplace and drive market share growth. On the commercial side, through the first six months of 2018, commercial demand was modestly down. But HCA picked up significant commercial market share to the tune of probably more growth over the last nine months than we've seen in the recent past. And so our commercial growth is more function of market share gain globally across the company than it is necessarily overall demand. Although in a number of our markets we've seen commercial demand lift a little bit over where it was but as a total for the company was modestly down. Not significantly by any means not like it was in the previous year. But it was not growing significantly but the company through these programmatic efforts through our capital spending, I think through being more responsive to our physicians and medical staff dynamics, we've been able to take care of more patients and take care of them more effectively. A J I think --
SamHazen: This is Sam. On the last question there, Whit, I mean the management teams of HCA are incredible. I mean I am constantly amazed by what our teams out in the field do. They continue to add to our agenda to improve our patient care. They continue to add to add to our agenda to improve relationships with physicians. And they continue to find ways to grow and manage their metrics at the highest level. And I think that's something that's unique about HCA. We have what I call can do management team out in the field. They relentlessly pursue execution and performance. And I think it shows in the overall consistency of the company's performance. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've grown our admissions over the last 19 quarters consecutively. And I don't remember the exact number but if you go back over time, we continue to grow our volume very consistently and really navigate through different kind of market dynamics, competitive dynamics, cyclical changes and so forth. And continue to grow the company. So I am really pleased with what our management team have done and what I know they will continue to do as we look forward.
SamHazen: Well, I think that's been an ongoing issue that the commercial book of business tends to subsidize the uninsured. It tends to subsidize the under funding that exist with Medicaid program. And it's somewhat on subsidizes the under funding that exists with Medicare. I mean that's always been a pressure point and always been an issue. I don't see anything necessarily influencing that materially in the intermediate run. And so from that standpoint, we try to make sure our commercial pricing is competitive within the market, and is meeting the needs of our payer, partners just as much as it's meeting our needs. We're successful as Bill alluded to in that roughly 80 plus percent of our contracts for 2019 are already accomplished with consistent pricing terms and consisting network configuration terms and so forth. We're about 60% contracted at a similar trend for 2020 and slightly contracted for 2021. So I understand the discussion, but I just don't see at this particular point time any significant movement in that. What we are trying to do is show to the payers how much value we can add to their organization, to their membership through convenient offerings at different price points. That's why we build out our network to include different price points, whether it's urgent care. Whether it's ambulatory surgery centers and so forth. We're also executing on a very robust clinical agenda which we think is driving value for our payers, eliminating infections by targeting certain difficult conditions and so forth timely. So that we can react to the patient and get them out of the hospital in a timely manner. All of these things are value add that we believe we are offering in addition to competitive pricing. So our approach is let's produce a value proposition for the payers that ultimately accomplishes what their membership wants, what their membership needs and what our payers need. And we think that's a durable model.
SamHazen: This is Sam. That's a great question. What I would tell you is that we have been on this journey over the past five or six years to increase the complexity of service offerings within our networks. And in that journey has yielded case-mix index growth, I think, over the last three years or so north of 3% in each of those years. And just to give you an example of that in 2018, our bone marrow transplant volume, we have six programs in the U.S., one in the UK, but our six domestic programs grew their bone marrow transplant program volume by 17%. That growth in my opinion was driven by the fact that we have consistent clinical protocols. We have consistent patient navigation protocols and the outcomes from those are very positive and our price point tends to be better than some of the marquee program that are out there. And so patient care closer to home at a high level is a very powerful model. That's just one example. Our trauma volume in 2018 grew by 7%. Another example of where HCA is taking a programmatic approach to a very high-end community need program and yielding value for the patients, value for the community and we think value for our company. And so those are two examples of how we are doing that. I will tell you that we still have opportunities to add programs. Whether it's deeper capabilities in certain service lines like electrophysiology, where we have opportunities to create a company-wide collaborative in electrophysiology and deeper capabilities in our cardiac programs to in many instances adding more sophisticated service lines. Whether like I said, it's critical care medicine in some instances, all of this allows us to generate a higher revenue per patient on the same fixed cost platform that we otherwise would have had. And the combination of that is a very positive mix of business and it contributes to the margin expansion that Bill alluded to. So we think we have market share opportunities. Our physician strategies are geared toward re-sourcing these programs with physicians capability and so forth. And then we have investments that are geared like I said earlier, to really positioning these programs for success. Whether it's with facility capabilities or clinical technology and so forth. The final thing I would say on our sort of high equity business is that we have a very sophisticated rural outreach capability inside of HCA. Whether it's through telemedicine; whether it's through affiliations with rural hospitals; whether it's through EMS relationships or in some instances actually owning a rural hospital because the channel is so important. We've been able to drive downstream business into our hospital that typically is more acute as one would imagine with the fact that they can't get that type of care in a rural hospital. So our relationships with the rural market has allowed us to grow or market share on that front. And that has contributed I think to the case-mix growth as well. So we see this journey continuing. We do not believe we're in the late stages of it. And as our markets continue to grow which they are, we see opportunities for us to add and at the same time pick up market share in many instances.
SamHazen: Well, I think if you look at the last 2017, 2018, 2019, clearly the company has made a couple of --a number of acquisitions that we think are going to be good acquisitions for us over the long term. Whether it's adding to existing markets like we did in Houston or creating new market opportunities like Savannah and Mission, both of which are really market makers we believe, they will ultimately be in a position if not already which Mission is to deliver what we call the HCA way in a particular market. So my instincts are that we will see more activity whether or not it's systems that are prepared to go the distance and make a strategic decision like Mission has done, we'll just have to wait and see. My sense is though that there is a need to be a part of something bigger. There's a need to be able to leverage learnings across an organization. There's a need to have diversification and HCA brings all three of those to many different systems. And so we will continue to showcase what we can do inside of this great organization. And we're hopeful that will yield future acquisitions similar to what we think the Mission acquisition is going to do for us. That is a uniquely successful system and we think integrating that into HCA is going to present some unique benchmarking for others to consider as they go through the same kind of deliberations.
SamHazen: This is Sam. The UK had a decent quarter compared to maybe the first nine months of the year where they had continued struggles. I think it's important to understand that for HCA the UK division represents less than 1.5% of the company's sort of overall EBITDA. It's a very small component of our organization. We like the market. We think we have a great position. We've made a lot of investments in the past. I won't say we're fully invested, but we're largely invested in the necessary capacity and in the certain programs that we have. We have some contingency plans around what the Brexit dynamic may mean to us in certain areas of our business, and how are we going to respond to that. But we think we're starting to turn the corner and as we look at 2019, we have modest growth built into our plan. And I think that modest growth is going to be driven from the development of a more capable outpatient platform, urgent care platform and really continuation of our cancer service line capability that we think will yield some modest growth for us in 2019. Obviously, if the Brexit occurs, it could modify some of our assumptions there. But we don't see that as a very material issue for us in 2019 as we look at our performance over there.
SamHazen: Our market share today is only 25%. So I'd like to think we have 75% opportunity. So that's sort of how I fundamentally think about. Obviously, we have really formidable competitors in many different markets. The competitive landscape for HCA is very fragmented because we don't compete against the same system from one market to the other in most instances. So that we think create advantage. I think the consistency of our model, our approach to being the provider system of choice has been a very workable model for us. Our fundamental believe is that the portfolio of market that HCA has is very strong, and that is going to yield growth in overall inpatient demand, as well as outpatient demand. And as we continue to execute on our investment strategy, our program strategy which I spoke of a minute ago, and the continued development of our capabilities, our nursing initiative, our clinical agenda, our efficiency agenda, all of those are responding to our patients in a way that's producing a better outcome for them. And we think that's still has legs and we believe that we can continue to grow the company organically through that model. Yes, there maybe some uninsured pressure here and there. I think like Bill said it, our overall uninsured volumes grew a little bit mid single digits this year. That doesn't put that much pressure on our business. There are some states that are considering how they maybe expand Medicaid, they are not Texas or Florida, and they are smaller state. But nonetheless that could be a positive for us. And then as we continue to focus our efforts around how do we gain share in the commercial segment or how do we gain share in this high equity businesses, we think those approaches can yield a very positive outcome for the company. So we remain focused on that. And I think this focus if you look back is what has allowed us to deliver very consistently over the last five or six years. And given that our market place is tend to move at a pace that's noticeable. And by that mean I am not too fast and what's happening, we can make adjustments as we need to in order to respond and continue I think the growth pattern that the company has had. So overall demand growing. Our position competitively improving. Our capabilities as an organization better. We think the combination of all those should yield a solid result. And that if we can wrap around that programmatically and very selectively, high caliber acquisition opportunities like Mission, we think that's a very powerful model.
SamHazen: This is Sam. I want to add that. We had in 2018, one of the strongest overall portfolio performances we've seen in the company. We had almost 80% of our hospitals grew their EBITDA year-over-year. 70% of our hospitals grew their admission year-over-year. 65% of our hospitals grew their outpatient surgery year-over-year. This is an incredible portfolio performance. And I think it speaks to again the clarity of our approach in the marketplaces. Our re-sourcing of the agenda and then finally the execution of our team is broad based as I mentioned in my prepared comments. And I think the performance metrics that I just shared with you, which are best overall performance we've seen since 2015 is very remarkable and something we are very proud of.
SamHazen: I wouldn't say I am any different than Milton. But, I mean obviously I have been part of our decision making over the past few years in conjunction with Milton, and it's usually a team analysis that we go through. I think it's just the environment, when the environment is presenting opportunities for us to make sizeable acquisitions, I think some of these are once in a lifetime type opportunities and it's important for the company to consider them, I think very carefully. We have and will continue to pursue outpatient acquisitions. We've recently made a large ambulatory surgery center acquisition in Austin, Texas. We have other markets where we are looking at acquisition of ambulatory surgery centers. Certain urgent care companies and so forth that are complementary to existing networks. I think we will be more domestic than international in our pursuit on acquisitions. Obviously, we will look at other markets outside the US but I think the opportunities for HCA more compelling domestically at this particular point in time than they are internationally. Simply because we can bring more synergies to the system with our capabilities in the state versus buying into macros per se in the international market. But that doesn't mean we won't look and consider and if there is a right opportunity we will pursue it. As it relates to physician practices, yes, we continue to use acquisitions of our physicians group as a way to add to our capabilities. Whether it's with more convenient offerings for our patients or for strategic reasons to support certain service line or facility need. So all of that is there. We don't talk about those in any significant way because they are small individually but they add up to support for our overall network positioning. And they support our overall growth agenda in a way that is productive we believe and it has been something that we've been doing over the past five or six years I think very systematically. So I wouldn't say there is any change in our mindset other than we maybe entering a cycle where we are going to have more opportunities to look at systems that we think are unique opportunity. End of Q&A
