Victor L. Campbell: Thank you, Jessica, and good morning to everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer, and I would like to welcome all of you on today's call, including those listening to our webcast. With us here this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Richard Bracken; our President and CFO, Milton Johnson; and Sam Hazen, President of Operation. Several other members of the senior management team are here as well to assist during the Q&A session. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they're based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks and uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statement, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. This morning's call is being recorded. Replay of the call will be available later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Richard.
Victor L. Campbell: None of those were adjusted. Those were as reported. So you sort of have to go through and apply your leap year. Everybody sort of does it a little bit differently, so we'll let you have the actuals that we've given you for those months. But clearly, there were moving parts in all of them.
Victor L. Campbell: Thank you. I'm debating with myself right here. We've had 12 questions. Do we do number 13 or not? I'm going to take a chance. We're going to take one last question. Just don't throw me a curveball.
Victor L. Campbell: So you did throw the curveball, it came to me. We're all reading the same press. We obviously have folks in both places. I think, clearly, if you look at Florida and Texas, it's probably greater odds for something to happen in Florida, but it's getting down to the wire and they've got, I guess, until the end of the week for this session to end. And so again, it's a moving part and I don't want to place any bets one way or the other there. Clearly, we're supportive, we would like to see it go in that direction. But we'll just see that play out. There's always the opportunity for a special session. Whether or not that would happen or not, again, is anyone's best guess. Texas is probably a little -- maybe a little more political at this point. There are folks down there that would like to see it move forward. You also have a situation where that session, they meet every other year, so if they don't get something done here pretty quick, we're not going to likely see a special session until the year after next. So I'd say, coin tosses, maybe a 2-headed coin in 1 state. And with that, I want to thank everybody for your participation. I know Mark is excited to take all your calls this afternoon, and I will be here as well. Thank you for participating.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. Generally, probably half of our contracts would be with Blue Cross entities. And with respect to the pricing, our revenue per equivalent admission averages, with commercial, probably around $18,500 to $19,000, and Medicare is usually around $10,000 to $10,500 per equivalent admission.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. And maybe I can just give you a few numbers on what Sam's referencing. So I can just give you some of the collection numbers as well. So in the first quarter of this year versus last year, we actually collected 2.9% more in patient cash collections than we did in the first quarter of 2012. As far as upfront collections, we were up 1.1% over last year. When you look at the upfront collection rate, in other words, the average payment per account, it did go up, but Sam's referencing 7.9%, so the average is about $257 versus $238 a year ago. And -- but generally, our collection efforts are going well. Again, patient cash collection's up almost 3%, upfront collection is still up. So it's really the volume of upfront collections did decline a little bit, about 6%, in accordance with some of the volume changes.
R. Milton Johnson: And I think typically the Managed Medicare population is the younger Medicare population, which may just have less demand by nature of their age.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure, I'll be happy to bridge our February 2013 guidance that we gave on the fourth quarter call to how we see it today. Of course, we're not revising our range of EBITDA guidance for the year. But we may get there on a slightly different pathway. For example, we gave guidance that our adjusted admission growth in 2013 would be 2% to 3%. I would say now we're -- our belief is that we will most likely come in at the low end of that range. With respect to our revenue rate, we gave guidance that we thought that we would have growth in 2013 between 1% to 2%. I would say now we think that, that number would be more in the 2% to 3% zone. So our -- when you look at our revenue growth overall, I think we're still looking at the same level of revenue growth, just a little less volume, but a little more rate. And then with respect to expenses, we had, I think, given guidance that we thought we would come in, all in, around 2.5% growth. And I would say now based on the first quarter performance, adjusting for HITECH, we reported 4.8%. I think now we're looking more at -- even after the cuts and action plans that we put in place, somewhere probably around 3% to 3.5% would be an expectation. We gave guidance at our overall Medicare rate for 2013, including sequestration, including what we thought the DSH cuts would be, including what we thought the productivity and coding adjustments would be. We said we thought it would be down in 2013, 1.2%. We now believe that would be closer to being down 0.6%, all in. And so with all of those -- there's some movements with the details, that still puts us within our EBITDA range for the year.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. Ralph -- Darren -- I'm sorry, Darren. We're not going to set a date for that information just yet. You referenced still a lot of uncertainties. Quite frankly, earlier in this year, late last year we thought there might be more certainty. Take, for example, expansion of Medicaid. Still, I think, a lot of uncertainty around that. And so -- and as we're making progress on our exchange contracting that's been helpful. But we're going to remain, I guess, uncommitted with respect to a date. But as we continue to get more clarity, we do expect either later this year, certainly no later than probably the time that we would issue 2014 guidance that we would be giving a multi-year view. But I'm not going to set an expectation for a certain date today.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes, if we don't see Medicaid expansion, and this is true for Texas, but also other states. We do expect you'll see more uptake from that population, especially at the lower wage rates and poverty level and they would come into the exchange a certain amount. So that, I think, would be a positive for us to help offset having fewer lives covered in a market. So I do agree with that and that's how we're thinking about it from a modeling standpoint, if, in fact, you don't see expansion.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, I think there are similar elements to what we've done this year versus what we did in the past, A.J. I think the thing that we dealt with in the quarter is typically you have seasonal labor related to certain traveler contracts and so forth to deal with expected volume levels, you have to make commitments to those contracts in advance and you tend to have a runoff on those contracts. So we had to work our way out of those contracts first and foremost as quickly as we possibly can to get rid of the premium labor that was there to take care of the volume that did in fact show up as expected. From there, we approach it as we typically do. We make sure our headcount is consistent with where our expectations are related to volumes as we see them over the remaining portion of the year. Again that required some adjustments, both in our variable staffing, as well as some fixed staffing in certain situations where we made some judgments that the volumes had trended down more than we anticipated, and we're going to take a conservative view on that. And we have been able to significantly impact our headcount per patient over the last 45 to 60 days as compared to where we were in January. And it's important to understand we had record census in January at many of our hospitals. And as the flu burned off, we had dramatic drops in census 10%, 12% in inpatient census for some of our facilities. And it's not easy to adjust downward that quickly when we see that kind of migration out of our hospitals because of one particular condition. With respect to our other cost initiatives, they continue to be productive for the company, and we think they will continue to produce some incremental benefit as we move through the year. Those involve supply chain initiatives as you know, there are certain clinical initiatives that we think will enhance our cost structure. And so we anticipate similar transitions between quarter-over-quarter performance as we've seen in the past to line up with the volume expectations for the remaining portion of the year.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, I think there are some indications that there are more co-pay and deductible responsibilities out there with our patients than in the previous year. Is it materially different on a year-to-year basis? We're not seeing that in a material way in our accounts receivable activity. Milton, I think we had some increase in the amount of co-pay and deductible per account. But it wasn't yet so significant that it would suggest that it's the primary reason around deceleration in the market. There are reasons to believe that the outpatient volumes are more under pressure with respect to deductible and co-pay changes than inpatient volume. But it's not so material in our look inside of our receivables that would suggest that, that's a primary reason for any deceleration.
Samuel N. Hazen: It's hard to judge that with 28% of the total population and in some markets it's even significantly less than that. In other markets a little bit higher especially in South Florida. That -- the overall demand for Medicare business changes. Hard to see it on that small piece of the overall equation. I think it's reasonable to believe that there are some impact on demand when it moves from a traditional book of business to a managed book of business. But it's hard for us to quantify that and see that given the influx of new patients into the Medicare population. So it's very hard to discern that.
Samuel N. Hazen: I do think we have seen over the past 3 or 4 years a slight movement into the latter half of the year, especially on outpatient volumes. We have seen our outpatient activity in the fourth quarter, in particular, third quarter, a little bit less, but some. A lot of activity in those areas, more on the commercial side. We tend to see a lot of commercial activity in our outpatient business to begin with. Our outpatient surgery as a whole runs about 50% commercial business. Our emergency rooms run around 30% and our outpatient imaging tends to have a pretty good payer mix as well. So as you look at the trends over the past few years, you do see more of a shift towards the latter half of the year on the commercial book of business in the outpatient segment. So can you attribute all that to deductibles and co-pay? Possibly. It's hard to really know, but we have seen some movement. I don't know that I can sit here and quantify it for you exactly, but I think it's fair to say that there has been a shift.
Samuel N. Hazen: Most of our actions were accomplished by the end of March. We had some residual actions that would affect us in the second quarter because of certain timing of events and so forth. So the majority of our efforts to adjust our costs to line up with what we felt our volumes were going to do for the rest of the year were accomplished by the end of March. And so you should see a full benefit of that as we move through the second quarter, assuming we get the volume we're anticipating. Obviously our per-unit metrics are very dependent upon volume because of the fixed cost nature of our business. Therefore, if it were little better we should see better cost per unit obviously and obviously a little worse if we don't get the volume. So the actions that we've taken were 80% implemented by the end of the quarter, and there's maybe 20% or 25% that wasn't implemented that most likely will be implemented sometime in April and we'll get the benefit of that going forward.
Samuel N. Hazen: I can't give you any specifics on the flu from 10 years ago. I'll tell you this. For the quarter, our inpatient activity was positive by 0.5 point related to the flu. Our emergency room activity was down 0.5 point because of flu activity on a year-over-year basis. It's important to understand for HCA -- I was telling the team this before the call, our admission activity, our average daily census and our ER volumes in the first quarter of 2013 was the highest volume the company has had in 17 consecutive quarters. And probably if I had data in front of me beyond that, it would be even more -- it's probably the highest we've had since the Columbia/HCA days when there was over 300 hospitals in the portfolio. So our overall volume was at a peak. Now it wasn't on outpatient activity that are dependent on calendar days and/or surgical activities, which depend on calendar days, but our overall volume was very strong in aggregate. And so how the flu reacts, I mean, December in the fourth quarter for HCA of 2012 was a record year-over-year kind of growth on both inpatient activities and adjusted admission activity. A lot of which was driven by the flu we were seeing early in December in a lot of our states. So there was that kind of dynamic going on, too, where it straddled both 2012 and 2013. So it's really hard for me to give you any sense of it, but the flu does affect our business and it comes and goes, and it can be very short, it can be protracted. It's hard to say exactly how it's going to change from one period to the other.
Richard M. Bracken: The only thing -- this is Richard. The only thing I would add to that, A.J., is that in addition to the sort of the real-time actions that Sam described, we have made some significant structural changes in our approach to expense management that tries to move our best practices across the enterprise. You might recall we refer to this as our performance improvement program. We started this almost 5 years ago. We have now 60 dedicated employees that are on the road to targeted hospitals throughout the year. We typically get to, not quite 20, around 15 to 20 hospitals. These teams stay at the facility sometimes 3 months. They monitor on a detailed basis any number of variables, labor staffing, best practices, supplies, and even our clinical agenda and improvements in our clinical variation are also included in these reviews. So in addition to the daily work that our management teams do that adjusts variable expenses, we have a system in place that deals -- tries to deal with pulling out more structural costs and has been very successful for us.
Richard M. Bracken: Let me just comment on acquisitions -- this is Richard again -- for just a second. Milton might want to add some more on our other uses of capital. But relative to acquisitions, we, of course, remain very interested in pursuing strategic acquisitions. And as we have mentioned many times in the past, following reinvestment in our existing assets, strategic acquisitions are considered a priority use of our capital. We continue to consider these opportunities as they present themselves. And as you know, this is an unpredictable process. They mature in the marketplace at different rates and in different markets and we have to consider them all independently. We prefer acquisitions or even partnership opportunities that are complementary to our existing strategy. Large urban markets, for example. We like acquisitions that can maximize benefit from our existing infrastructure. For example, domestic versus international. And we really are looking towards acquisitions and markets where over time, we believe that we could achieve a meaningful share presence. So having said all of that, and those are sort of our desires, we are aware of most all material opportunities that might present themselves in the marketplace. And as such, we're able really to take a look at most everything. Just to close on sort of growth through development. Our primary strategy, as you know, has been sort of based on the organic capacity within our markets, and in investing in those markets, we are pleased that we're in markets that tend to grow faster and have a lot of population concentration. We now have 4 hospitals under construction in Salt Lake City area, Orlando, Houston and Fort Worth. And typically, and including these kinds of developments, we add somewhere between 400 and 500 beds a year of capacity. So this, in combination with a robust operating strategy that Sam mentioned, has really resulted in positive share gains. But we think about acquisitions, we have tuned up our acquisition development department. We're looking at everything that's out there and we're -- we proceed as we think we can make sense out of them.
Richard M. Bracken: And I'll just add, as we go, we're trying to -- each quarter we're trying to update with the relevant information as we did this morning, so as it unfolds for us over each quarter, we'll try to update you on key points.
Richard M. Bracken: And I would -- on that last piece of your question, where you said you know what, about enrollment in the marketplace. Let me just give you more general comment about how we're thinking about that. Of course, enrolling in these plans is important. And we've thought a lot about how we should proceed in this. We -- to that end, we engaged an outside group that's been working with us. Doing a lot of focus groups in key markets, understanding what activities might be in the given markets. We don't want to duplicate anything, make sure that any efforts that we would take would be complementary in nature. We're infusing that logic with all the quantitative research that we've done about the uninsured. And so we have a pretty robust set of analysis going on to figure out how we should participate in this effort. But we haven't obviously put anything out yet and we're continuing to fine-tune that effort. So more on that as we work through our processes.
