Sam Hazen: So, on the admission estimation, that’s our best thinking at this particular point in time with, we are believing based upon September and October and maybe even June, to some degree that we will not see some of the lesser acute inpatient admissions that we had seen in previous years, but we will continue to see acute -- more acute type patients who need significant care throughout 2021, just as we’ve seen in many months this year as we’ve gone through this COVID period. So, that’s our thinking. Obviously, as we get deeper into the fourth quarter, we’re hopeful that we’ll have months that are reflective enough of what we’ll call stable activity that will allow us to inform that thinking even further. And if we have adjustments to that thinking, we will clearly update you in our fourth quarter call in January.
Sam Hazen: We don’t have those details at this particular point in time to share, Pito. We need to finish our planning process as we typically do in the fourth quarter. We’re trying to give you some general sense of where we see things. There’s obviously puts and takes on every line item on our income statement as always. And as we get further into the fourth quarter and refine our thinking on each of those categories, we’ll give you some range of expectations around those metrics in our planning process in our fourth quarter earnings release.
Sam Hazen: And then, A.J., on the question around future resiliency, Bill is leading this effort, but I want to give you some strategic approach that we’re taking because we believe that there are significant opportunities inside of the approach, and we are executing on some of those as we speak. And we still have capacity in these initiatives as we push forward. But, we have grown the organization over the last decade, I’ll call it, organically. And through that organic growth, it has yielded results that we think are very powerful for the Company over the past decade and have positioned the Company very well. As a matter of fact, our market share at the end of the first quarter right before COVID hit or even at the end of March period is at an all-time high. We think our overall positioning in the marketplace has improved over these seven months in many circumstances. And if we move forward, we should be in an even better position. But with respect to our financial resiliency program, we have looked and challenged ourselves at a number of areas where we have redundancies and/or duplications in our operations. Today, for example, we have multiple call centers. We think we have opportunity to create consolidation in those areas and create efficiencies, better outcomes for our patient and ultimately a better use of overall Company resources. We have similar opportunities in our lab services. Throughout the pandemic, we’ve enhanced our lab capabilities, and it’s enlightened us on opportunities to advance our lab services in a way that we think can yield efficiencies and better access to lab services and so forth, doing it more efficiently. And so, we have those type of examples. We’re challenging how we’re structured to see again if we have redundancies in our structure and whether or not there are better ways to service the field and produce outcomes on that front. And then, what I’m most excited about is our technology initiative where we have opportunities to advance technology even further in the Company and ultimately deliver a better patient outcome, but at the same time, support our physicians, support our management and deliver our services more efficiently. So, we think these work streams to have opportunities for the Company that we can use to offset any pressures that might serve us in 2021 and on into 2022.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam. As it relates to the competitive positioning, we don’t have any data on the second and third quarter yet that would give us market share information and provide insights into whether we had more patients in our hospitals than our competitors. Intuitively, I don’t think that was the case because all the systems in these markets were under community pressure to respond to COVID. What I’m reacting to is certain outpatient opportunities, certain physician opportunities, certain program development opportunities that we think have evolved that positions our organization, we believe, better than what it was at the beginning of this year. And we will continue to, as I mentioned on the preview call, continue to move forward on those components of our development in order to enhance our overall position.
Sam Hazen: I don’t have it for the market share, Frank, for the second and third first quarter. We’re obviously just processing the first quarter. I think, we had one of the strongest portfolio performance in years across HCA’s 185 hospitals. 76% of our facilities had year-over-year EBITDA growth. So, we had very consistent performance across all of our divisions. To say one, we had a little bit of a challenge in the far west division, primarily because of our California hospitals and just the slow uptake in the activity in those communities. But our strength across the portfolio, it’s very good, consistent. And I think it again reflects the power of our portfolio, the diversification of our portfolio, including even the service mix that we have inside of it. So, very strong portfolio performance for the Company.
Sam Hazen: I’ll take that. This is Sam. I think, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we’re making these judgments off of our current read of economy, and we’re not factoring in any kind of significant worsening of the economy. So, obviously, if the economy were to worsen, it could have an impact on our expected results as we’ve indicated here.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam. I’ll let Bill take the second question. With respect to the COVID assumption, our experience with COVID throughout the pandemic has been that it’s choppy. There are going to be situations where COVID is up; there’s going to be situations where COVID is down. We’re trying to give you some estimation of the average that we’re expecting. We are, at this particular point in time, balancing off what I call the floor. And we are not nearly as intense with the volume of patients today as we did in late July and early August. But, we are seeing a little bit of a rise, primarily in one market, and that’s El Paso. And that’s created a significant challenge in that community, but we only have two hospitals there. And at this particular point in time, we’re able to support them appropriately. And with the actions that the community has just recently taken as well as what the governor has done to support that community, we believe that we should be in a reasonable situation there. So, we’re not anticipating month-by-month estimations around COVID. We’re just going to respond to it with the capabilities we’ve developed. And we’re estimating what we believe to be an overall metric that is likely to occur in 2021.
Sam Hazen: Well, I’ll give you a very specific example that we’ve been able to use on two fronts this year. We have a system called NATE. NATE is a technology solution that gives us individual insight into every patient in our hospital right now. And that insight provides clinical metrics, it provides bed location, it provides certain metrics around what requirements the patient has with respect to, let’s just say, ventilator management. And we’ve been able to use those insights from this particular system to improve our ventilation management of COVID patients in a way that has reduced their length of stay on it and provided a much more efficacious outcome. So, that’s just one example that reduces ICU days. It creates a lower length of stay for the patient and ultimately, a much better outcome. So, we see opportunities to advance this system. The second aspect of NATE that’s proved to be very productive for us is capacity management, allowing us to position patients most efficiently within the facilities or even across our networks at time. So, this insight into our capacity management has allowed us to be, I think, more efficient at managing our beds and the turnovers, if you will, around those beds, providing better discharge planning and timing and then better utilization of existing assets. So, those are just two examples. We see opportunities beyond that as we’ve had experiences with clinical initiatives, like our sepsis initiative in the past. But going forward, we see more on that particular platform.
Sam Hazen: On capacity, I mean, we have multiple capacity metrics that we use to determine needs for capital. We have triggers around how many ER visits per bed, how many surgeries per surgical suite, what’s the occupancy in our ICUs, what’s the occupancy triggers inside of our med/surg bed in order to determine capital needs. Currently, the Company is running about 70% utilization of its inpatient beds. Where we have capacity today, which won’t require the same level of capital, at least in the intermediate run is in the emergency room. With emergency room volumes being down some, we find ourselves in a situation where at a company level from one facility to the other, we may have issues. But at a Company level, we’re running about 60% to 65% utilization of our ER beds currently. That’s down from about 85% in 2019. So, we have the situation where our ER beds are flexible now, allowing us to accommodate more volume, if in fact, it presents itself. So, I don’t see capacity as being a barrier to growth for us. We do have capital still in the pipeline that will ultimately add capacity to institutions that we believe needed. And those will be playing out over the rest of this year and on into 2021. And I think, the Company is in a solid capacity position today, generally speaking, maybe in the best capacity position we’ve been in a number of years, given the circumstances. And so, from that standpoint, there’s not any significant pressures. I don’t remember what the last question was. Bill, do you...
Sam Hazen: This is Sam again. We don’t know, to be honest with you. We’re not anticipating a further decline in 2021. We’re anticipating that the ‘20 decline as compared to ‘19 volume, that’s the metric that we’re reflecting here. As I just mentioned, we’re running about 65% utilization of our emergency room beds across the Company, which gives us ample capacity to absorb growth, if growth resurfaces in this particular category of our business. If it doesn’t, as I mentioned, we’re anticipating that the ER patient that we do see is one that is in fact more acute. And so, the revenue per visit will actually be supported by the acuity of those patients. Whether or not they’ve been lost forever? I don’t know. Our business model is to have capabilities outside of the ER as we’ve been investing in both, urgent care platforms over the years, telemedicine platform significantly during COVID and then our primary care platform as well. So, we have multiple platforms to stay connected to the patient. That’s the important objective for us is ultimately to stay connected with them. And if they feel that it’s better for them to use telemedicine, better to go the urgent care, it’s better to go to their primary care physician. Obviously, we’re fine with that. That’s a great answer for them. It’s a great answer for the payer. And then, ultimately, they stay inside the HCA system. So, we see this, net-net, is still being a positive scenario for us and one that we can manage around.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. On capital, as you know, our fourth quarter typically runs a little bit higher. I don’t necessarily think the fourth quarter alone is indicative of go-forward run rate. We’re obviously in the ‘21 planning and we’ll finalize our capital expectations. I think, it likely will land somewhere north of where we are in 2020 but less than what our original historical spend was for this year. So, we’ll give you some detail as we get into next year.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. On the COVID, as you’ve identified, volume will fluctuate. It’s hard to isolate that population by itself, if you will, because as we mentioned and intended to highlight in our trends, it also has an impact on some of them were elective as it fluctuates. But, we think we’ll have a level of COVID patients that we’re going to serve throughout 2021, as Sam mentioned in his comments. And I think we’re prepared to manage through those fluctuations as they present.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. A.J., first, on your first one, yes, I’ll confirm your numbers are correct from what our original 2020 guidance was.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Ralph, on the first one, I think, the 2% to 3% is just broad guidelines that we wanted to provide you with that would include all of our patients, including the COVID within that. But, obviously, we’re going to finalize our planning here and share with you more thoughts as we get into our year-end call. But, at 2% to 3% is our broad planning, including all patients.
Bill Rutherford: Obviously, a sequential improvement in our admissions. As you saw, we finished the September at 2.6%. October is probably 1.5% down, a little better from where we ended September. But obviously, it’s still early in the cycle.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Josh, I think there’s a couple of points. And there’s obviously a lot of puts and takes, whether performances, our thinking into next year, and we haven’t finalized it. One is, we know we do have some other government funding relative to COVID patients this year, whether it be the Medicare DRG add-on or the HRSA payments to recognize resources consumed by uninsured COVID. And I don’t think we see those continuing too long into 2021. And again, I think, the purpose of our guidance was to give you our general thinking versus that we’ve gone through a lot of calcs on each one of those inputs. And so, as we complete that, we’ll go forward and give you our input in that. I think, again, I’d reiterate, we’re confident in the team’s ability to hold many of our costs that we’ve seen. And as Sam mentioned in his comments, to the extent that we have any new costs that may enter the system, we’ve got resiliency plans that I think we can execute to help offset those. And I think, given the profile we’re seeing, we feel generally reasonably comfortable with our current margin performance.
Bill Rutherford: And Kevin, this is Bill on the capital. I don’t think there’s any one unique trigger that we’re looking for. I mean, we’re obviously still going through these cycles. We want a couple more stable months to kind of firm up our assessments that we’ve talked about. And part of our normal routine as we go through any year is to make those assessments, judge the environment we’re in and make the right capital decisions. That’s what we’re going to plan to do and we’ll share with you our final thinking in our year-end call.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. It was on the net effect of the COVID and the loss of those businesses. I’d just say it’s hard to really quantify and that’s why we -- I tried to give you some of the trends we saw in the surgical volume. We do know and as we’ve talked about before, we recaptured some of that, but we don’t think we recaptured all of that. And so, the net effect is really hard to quantify. But, we’ll continue to monitor our volume trends as they progress through the balance of the year.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. John, this is Bill. Our COVID mix is probably 50% running Medicare, 10% to 11% on Medicaid, and probably close to 20% on just procure manage, and then we have a few other categories that’s impacting that. So, it’s fairly comparable to our overall with some changes that fluctuate from market by market. So, that’s the mix.
Bill Rutherford: It follows the contractual terms. So, whatever the contractual terms with that payer would be is what it would follow. So, it’s a mix of payment methodologies.
