Mark Kimbrough: Thank you, Ian. And good morning and welcome to everyone on today's call and our webcast. With me this morning is our CEO, Sam Hazen and CFO, Bill Rutherford, as well Dr. Jon Perlin, our Chief Medical Officer. Sam and Bill will provide comments on the company's second quarter results and then we'll open up for questions. Before I turn the call over to Sam, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. More information on forward-looking statements and these factors are listed in today's press release and our various SEC filings. On this morning's call, we may reference measures such as adjusted EBITDA and net income attributable to HCA Healthcare, Inc., excluding losses or gains on sales of facilities, which are non-GAAP financial measures. A table providing supplemental information on adjusted EBITDA and reconciling to net income attributable to HCA Healthcare, Inc. to adjusted EBITDA is included in today's second quarter earnings release. This morning's call is being recorded and a replay of the call will be available later today. I will now turn the call over to Sam.
Mark Kimbrough: Okay, well thank you, Bill. We will now start the question and answer session. Ian, would you please give instructions to those who would like to get into the queue.
Mark Kimbrough: All right, Scott. Thank you for the question. Appreciate it. All right. Listen, thank you. I want to thank everybody who joined us today and participated on the call. As always, we're here to answer any of your questions. And so, take care. Have a good day and be safe. Thank you.
Sam Hazen: Well, let me speak to Texas and Florida. Those are the two states where we have seen COVID-19 resurgence at its greatest level. We have other components of our company where we are seeing COVID volumes, but they're not to the level that we had seen in Texas and are seeing in Florida. In Texas which was a little bit ahead of Florida, if you will, with respect to the resurgence. I think the company has done an incredible job at responding to the needs of our communities, as have our competitors. And I think it's a testament to the healthcare system in the country, and its ability to respond to these challenges from one place to the other. What we've seen in Texas is that our volume for COVID patients have peaked and actually started to decline. Whereas in Florida, we've seen a flattening out in a very modest growth rate over the last week. And we hope Florida is maybe a week behind what's going on inside of Texas. In total, our activity levels are up slightly in July as compared to June with respect to overall in patient census. Clearly with our decision to restrict elective care to manage our response to the community, we have seen a slowdown in surgical activities. But we anticipate recovering that at some point in the future as we get better visibility into the COVID cases in the different communities. Our teams have done an incredible job as I mentioned in my comments. Our physicians have supported our teams incredibly well. And then our corporate and other teams have made capabilities available to our institutions, allowing us to respond very appropriately. So, I'm really pleased with our outcomes. And we do believe that we're going to have to manage through COVID again. It's not something that's going to go away necessarily. But our ability to scale up, scale down, scale up, I think is now been proven. We've gained greater confidence in our ability to run our business, and at the same time respond to surges. And so, the execution and the agility that our facilities and our teams have showed over this period of time helps us in developing learnings that we will be able to advance as we go forward on into this year.
Sam Hazen: All right, thanks, Gary. Well, we have not restricted elective procedures or surgeries in markets where we don't have a need to respond to COVID. So obviously, in Texas it started out, in Houston in the Valley and those were the first markets where we implemented our elective procedure decisions. Then as it expanded to San Antonio, we replicated that in that market so it’s sequenced based upon the circumstances and it will unsequence if you will, based upon the circumstances. So, in Dallas, for example which is not as significantly impacted by COVID, we've started to relax some of our procedure, requirements and restrictions in order to deal with the circumstances in those communities. So, we're going to see some natural ebb and flow in Florida similarly and then if we were to see it somewhere else, we would use those experiences that we learned in Texas, in Miami as an example to manage the situation. And this is what we're required to do with respect to our responsibilities as community infrastructure. We take it seriously and we think we've been able to prove to ourselves and prove to the community that we can respond effectively to the needs of our patients whatever COVID does surface at a level that’s much greater than what we were seeing in April and May. And we had some of this activity in June in some markets where we had COVID surge going on. It wasn’t as hot profile as what it was in Texas and Florida. Again, we were managing through that within our portfolio similarly in learning from that Gary and putting those learnings into our experiences now. And I'm confident that we will continue to learn and gain greater capabilities in managing the volume requirements in the ups and downs of this particular pandemic.
Sam Hazen: Okay, A.J. it’s Sam. Thank you for the question. What I'll give you some observations. It's really difficult for us to pinpoint precisely what's going on in these circumstances. But we believe that approximately 40% to 50% of the deferred cases during the six to seven week period where most of our company was restricted on what we can do have been recaptured. And by recaptured, I mean either done or scheduled. So, the other 40% to 50% that hasn't been recaptured, we don't have visibility into the timing of that yet. Our positions continue to build back their practices just as we're building back our business in a way that should hopefully recapture some of that gap that I just mentioned, but we don't have great visibility into that as of yet. What I will tell you also is that, our ambulatory surgery centers were slower in their ramp up because they were at a complete stop versus our hospitals, which were continuing to run during the pandemic period. And so, they have ramped a little bit slower as Bill alluded to in his comment. What we saw within our surgery was procedures, orthopedic, spine, general surgery recovered quicker and stronger. We also saw a slower recovery in our GI procedures and certain diagnostic categories, which started to ramp significantly at the end of June, which gives us a belief that downstream those diagnostic patients and encounters will ultimately require some level of therapy, whether it's surgery or something else. So, we have some insights into it. We believe we'll need through the third quarter, probably through the fourth quarter to have a better sense of what the full recapture was of the cases that were in fact deferred. In cardiology, components of our cardiology business recovered really well, mainly electrophysiology and the procedures in that particular category. So, we had a mixed bag of events in the second quarter. And there are some indications of decent recovery in certain service lines, still more to come in others, and we will continue to monitor and try to gain insights from within our physician practices, whether they're affiliated or employed and within the different markets that we think are more advanced in their recovery period than others. And let that inform some of our observations further as we go into this next quarter.
Sam Hazen: Thank you, Matt. This is Sam, Matt. I don't know that we have any insights yet -- market insights into competitor issues or opportunities that might exist. I think everybody is scrambling in many markets to deal with COVID-19 and discharge their responsibilities appropriately. And the likelihood of any strategic decisions being made during this particular period in time I think is probably not that high. We will continue to explore. We have a very robust pipeline for outpatient facility development and/ or acquisitions that we're very excited about. And they're complementing of our existing networks. And we'll continue to look for adjacency -- with adjacencies within that platform, as it relates to new market opportunities, and so forth, I would just have to be, I think aware and open to those but very conservative and appropriate and how we think about them. And capital allocation, as Bill just alluded to in our planning. I don't know though, at this point in time that we're going to see anything in the short run. I think it's going to take systems a while to get through this period and then start to determine what their appropriate steps are. But as we've done in the past, we have been opportunistic, with respect to certain acquisitions. And we will continue to maintain that philosophy and appropriately move forward.
Sam Hazen: So, here's how we looked at the recovery, we base lined everything off of April and we looked at May and June and highlighted within our portfolio what the revenue growth was in each of those months’ vis-a-vis April. And for the most part, we had remarkably consistent performance across the divisions with the exception of a couple of spots. Those two spots were out West in California primarily and then, in Miami secondarily. And that was because of releasing the restrictions a little bit slower in parts of California than Texas and Tennessee and places like that as an example and then Miami was dealing with COVID in a totally different scenario and their restrictions were released a little bit differently. But within those two brackets, most of our divisions ramped reasonably consistent as it relates to their revenue growth over April. And so that's how we judged it, again it's very difficult for us to get very specific observations from one category to the other within procedures and so forth but looking at the revenue recovery as the better metric, we were able to see remarkable consistency across the rest of the company with respect to gains over April.
Sam Hazen: Yes, so Frank let me speak to the ability to respond downsize, upsize, and respond again. I think we've proven to ourselves as I mentioned an ability to manage through that operationally as a facility and as a company. Also think, government -- many state governments have learned how to respond and to dial up, dial down maybe some of their policies. I think this is my judgment only those individuals understand how to dial up, dial down their social activities in a way that is responsive to what's going on in their communities as well. So, I think all of this is creating a bit of muscle memory, if you will, with respect to COVID-19. It's our belief that we're going to have to maintain that memory, use that memory again and be able to deal with the potential flare off that might occur until we have a vaccine or a different kind of therapeutic remedy that would allow for less COVID activity in our communities. So, I think it's not just us, it's policies, it's business, it's individuals, all taking advantage of these learnings and applying them to the situations that we believe will still exist in the future until there is some vaccine. So, Bill.
Sam Hazen: Thank you, Ralph. So, what I mentioned, this is Sam. What I mentioned on July was that our inpatient census was up over June. We haven't finished the month yet. So, it's difficult to say exactly where admissions are going to be. With respect to emergency room activity, again, we saw sequential improvement in the rate of decline in our emergency room business in the second quarter with June being down, maybe half of what it was down or third less what was the third, 15% down versus a roughly 40% down, I think it was in April. So, we saw significant improvement, if you will, from the rate of decline. What we also saw inside of our emergency room business was greater acuity. We had similar to our inpatient, a bit business, greater acuity in our ER patients who visited our facilities and that yielded revenue per ER, visit that was slightly above our expectations. So, the business that we're losing is the lower acute business, which you would expect. We saw within our freestanding emergency rooms slightly quicker ramp up than we did our hospital-based ERs. Again, some of that could be due to patient concerns with respect to COVID. We have a very aggressive campaign, both operationally from a patient safety standpoint, as well as a communication standpoint with our patients on demonstrating to them, the safe environment that they deserve when they come to one of our facilities. As it relates to developing our outpatient platform, in order to support our hospitals, we continue on that pathway. We think it's an important part of taking the care experience to the patient, creating a more efficient, and a better price point for them. And we will continue to invest in that platform. We currently have a number of our outpatient facilities that are reopening as a result of the COVID pandemic closures that took place. So, each week we opened more of what we had previously close. We're not up to a 100% reopening of our freestanding ERs in some markets or urgent care centers and other markets. On top of that will be telemedicine. We have, as I mentioned in my comments developed rather quickly, a telemedicine capability, which is critically important, we think to furthering our access strategies for our patient and creating convenience for them and efficiency for our physicians. So, we will continue to invest in that and build capabilities that support that as a wraparound platform. So, I'm very encouraged about what we have done. I'm encouraged about what we're seeing in the recovery in these outpatient activities. And as we move forward, I anticipate that we will continue to develop these wraparound capabilities that support our facility, our hospitals in a way that make it easy for our patients. And then if they need deeper care, they can get more sophisticated and deeper care inside of our hospitals.
Sam Hazen: Thanks, John. Well, I think, this is Sam again. What we have done with capacity management to deal with COVID is quite remarkable. We've developed technology capabilities to give us real time insights into our patient population into every bed in the facility at any point in time. Also giving us an indication of their clinical condition allowing us to think about and work with their physician to possibly place them in different settings. That has allowed us to increase the throughput in many respects, versus what we were able to do in the past. So that's an outgrowth of what happened during COVID that we think is going to create value for our patients, create better use of our assets in the future and create more value for our payer, partners in the future as well. The other thing that we've done during COVID is we have been able to what we call level load patients across our network. And by that, I mean getting patients into the right facility, even when we know we're going to have a pressure point at a particular facility because of the community issues that are going on. So, moving patients to where we had staffing or moving patients to where we had beds was another piece of capabilities. I think we advanced. We do that all the time with Hurricane, as we deal with hurricanes. But we took our hurricane learnings and applied that to COVID situations where we had stress. The area where we've seen slight acceleration of inpatient to outpatient over what we saw pre-COVID is in some of our surgical cases, mainly orthopedic total joints, where there was a natural progression of inpatient to outpatient. It's slightly higher post-COVID than it was pre- COVID. It's not significantly higher, but it is higher. And is that something that's going to continue? We believe that it will be there. We anticipated in our planning, our multiyear planning those orthopedic total joints would continue to migrate to more outpatient activity. But we're built for that. We collaborated with our physicians on making sure that we're dealing with the patient in the proper setting. We have an ambulatory surgery center platform, that if that's the best setting, they can go to that. So, we have prepared ourselves for this migration. Outside of total joints, I wouldn't submit that there's anything material that's taken place. That's been part of our overall capacity management. It needs to be clinically driven, not capacity driven. And as long as it's clinically effective for the patient, and will support that and hopefully accomplish that in a way that's productive for the capacity and at the same time appropriate for the patient.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, AJ, this is Bill. We think it was prudent at the time to reduce our capital spending, as we talked about last quarter and updated on this quarter, most of those projects were either deferral or slowing down some activity that was in the pipeline, as well as some deferral of our IT capital. We don't believe any of those decisions have compromised the strategic or growth initiative for us at this point, actually during the quarter, we turned on a couple of projects that we felt there was compelling opportunities out there. As far as next year, we'll have to see what the marketplace and the environment is. I don't think just because we deferred these, that we'll have to substantially increase over what we ordinarily would have planned, but we'll continue to evaluate that as we go through these different cycles.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Pito, this is Bill. Let me give a start to that. I think generally speaking, we can hold much of the cost controls that we put in place, as we said, most of those were around adjusting some of our discretionary spending, as well as some of the variable cost, like as Sam mentioned in his comments. We do know this recent COVID surge, we have to make sure we have the appropriate labor to serve that surge that may result in some increase use of either contract or premium labor. But I think as a whole, our teams have done a nice job. We continue to have opportunities to continue to look at other discretionary spending that we have. So, I think we've got a little bit of a track record of being able to manage to the environment, managed to the revenue that we have. We're very pleased with the results and we'll just going to have to see how the volume returns. And what are the variable costs that we're going to need to support that. But we feel for the most part, we can hold much of the expense adjustments that we made during the quarter.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, this is Bill. As we mentioned in the payer mix, we did see some favorable in the payer mix as our commercial declines were a little less than or Medicare declines which makes sense that that the Medicare population may take a little bit longer time to return to a healthcare facility. Our uninsured volumes remained consistent with our overall volumes that we haven't seen any material kind of differential with our self-pay volume. Going forward, that's obviously an area that we're paying attention to. We're doing a lot of study market by market to track various factors, whether that be unemployment or coverage. I think it is too early to be able to predict how that may unfold. But clearly some of those factors will contribute to some of the uncertainty as we face the future. And factor into some of our decision. But we haven't seen a play out right now. But as we go forward, it's an area that we continue to monitor. And we have some data that we're trying to track to give us some insight as we go into our 2021 planning cycle.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Steven. This is Bill. Let me try. I think the reality is there are still many unknowns relative to the duration and impact this pandemic will have. One of the reasons we cannot update or guidance at this point. It's unclear the longer-term macroeconomic impact of how this might change the overall landscape including patient behavior, the economy, employment and coverage and alike. So, these are kind of somewhat unprecedented times for so it's really hard to really project on a quarter by quarter basis what we might see. What we do know is that we've demonstrated and I think as we demonstrated in this quarter, we have plans in place to respond I think to a range of scenarios that might unfold. And we have different stages of management actions based on how either volume returns or what that makes may be and alike. So, we'll continue to assess the market, let you know what we're seeing as we go through the year. But right now, we're just unable to convert that to any type of financial guidance going forward and we just have to wait to see how the market place unfolds.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Frank, I think it's too early to talk about the profitability of COVID patients. What we do know early on is that our COVID patients that we saw did have a generally a higher acuity than our typical medical patient, just given a longer length of stay, a higher proportion in intensive care units. So, and there were some add-on payments by Medicare, as we know but too early to really convert that to profitability. Our focus is really making sure that we've got all the resources to be able to care for those patients.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Joshua. This is Bill. Let me try to highlight that. As you might know, the terms and conditions and general guidance for these funds continue to evolve and update. And for the most part, you have a 90 day or longer period to go through an analysis and attestation process. And we're in the middle of our analysis and validation procedures for those funds right now. So, it's really too early to talk about when and how much we might recognize in the future. We continue to monitor the guidance that comes out from various government agencies and we continue to do our analysis for the targeted funds. We have till mid to late third quarter or even July in the fourth quarter. So, we'll continue our analysis and go forward and we'll discuss really what that results when we go through future periods.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, Scott. This is Bill. I know there's been some discussion, but I don't have any insight into how those have progressed. As you probably know, it's scheduled to be repaid and offset against Medicare claims in the future beginning in August. So, we'll just have to see what that cadence goes. But I know there's been some discussion, we read about some potential altering how those funds and what the time period may be. But I don't have any insight on what ultimately may come from those discussions.
