Victor Campbell: Travis, thank you, good morning everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer, and I would like to welcome all of you on today's call, including those who are listening in on the webcast. With me here this morning are President and CEO, Milton Johnson; CFO, Executive VP, Bill Rutherford and Sam Hazen, President of Operations; and we have several other members of the management team are here as well to assist during the Q&A if necessary. Before I turn the call over to Milton, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they're based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. And today's call is being recorded. Replay will become available later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Milton Johnson
Victor Campbell: Hi Chris.Chris Rigg – Susquehanna International Group.: Good morning, guys. Just wanted to better understand the comments around the comparisons getting more difficult in Q2 or just the latter part of the area. Is that just volumes or you’re saying year-to-year growth in EBITDA and EPS as well.
Victor Campbell: Yes, we are sitting there just like you, we expect it one day this week and really can’t anticipate what’s going to include, we’re not getting any signals of surprises but time will tell.
Victor Campbell: All right. Thank you, Collin, thank everyone for participating on the call. And Mark is here all day and I will be here part of the day.
Milton Johnson: Thanks Vic, and good morning to everyone joining us on our first quarter call and broadcast. We were pleased with our performance for the first quarter as we generally saw continuation of recent trends in many key operating metrics. As Sam will describe in a moment, our market share trends remain positive. Of course this quarter reflects the long awaited first coverage period for expanded Medicaid and helped exchange insurance products. We saw encouraging signs from healthcare reform during the quarter and found them to be consistent with our early expectations. Bill will provide details on healthcare reform in his comments, but as expected healthcare reform had minimal impact on the company's first quarter results. However we remain optimistic regarding the long term benefits of reform. We remain comfortable with our previous guidance regarding the estimated impact of healthcare reforms on our financial results for 2014. Now, moving to the quarter's results, revenues increased to $8.832 billion compared to $8.44 billion in the first quarter of 2013. Net income totalled $347 million or $0.76 per diluted share compared to $344 million or $0.74 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2013. Excluding gains from the sale of facilities and legal claim costs incurred during the quarter, the company would have reported net income per diluted share of $0.84 in the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.644 billion increased 4.8% in the first quarter of this year over the first quarter of 2013. If you exclude the impact of EHR incentive income and share based compensation expense from both periods, adjusted EBITDA would have increased 6.3%. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.6% was flat compared to the prior year. However if you exclude EHR incentive income and share based compensation expense from the adjusted EBITDA for both periods, adjusted EBITDA margin would have increased 30 basis points. Volume trends were somewhat soft in the quarter, primarily in our lower acuity service line. In-patient surgical growth along a decrease in lower acuity patients resulted in growth in case mix index of 2.2%. Net revenue per equivalent machine [ph] was favourably impacted as a result and overall expenses were well managed throughout the quarter. Today we are also reaffirming our previous adjusted EBITDA guidance range of 6.6 billion to 6.85 billion for 2014. And while we are not providing quarterly earnings guidance, I do want to remind everyone that our EBITDA performance in the first half of last year was somewhat uneven. As you may recall, our EBITDA growth in the first quarter of 2013 was below our expectation due to an unfavourable calendar and very soft volumes in the latter part of the quarter. Then in the second quarter, the combination of improved volumes and cost structure resulted in a very strong quarter getting us back on plan by midyear. So for 2014, we’ve had an easier comparison in the first quarter and we will have a much tougher comparison in the second quarter. In addition to our solid financial performance, our patient safety and quality of care agenda continue to perform at a very high level. For example, our reduced Mercer study conducted at 43 HCA hospitals and 74 intensive care units and involved approximately 75,000 patients determined that treating all patients with an antiseptic wash and nasal ointment on admission to intensive care not only reduced all infections by 44% but was selected by the Clinical Research Foundation as one of the top 3 contributions in the US in 2013. With that, I will turn the call over to Bill.
Milton Johnson: Yeah, Frank, we're going to stand by my earlier statement. We don't believe, we didn't see, you know weather of course did hit some of the timing of some of our services in certain markets in the quarter, but we believe the timing of the weather issues were such in the quarter that we were able to largely recover, no material identifiable impact from weather in our first quarter.
Milton Johnson: Yes, Gary when we ran our models we had – actually the data was more current than 1.8 million, that was probably around 3 million or so when we had projections that it would go higher up. So our assumption was not the 8 million people to be enrolled in this first year. That's a little higher than we thought. And we will see how that plays out in the rest of the year. But again, what we saw here in the first quarter and as Bill said and I will say again, it's too early to take a lot out of the first quarter as an indication of health care reform for the rest of the year and I said on the call last quarter that we probably wouldn't be able to provide a lot or thought about reform until at least the middle of the year when we release second quarter. I think we still reserve that position. With that being said, the 8 million enrolled is more than we thought in our model, but how we thought about reform and the potential impact it would have in the first quarter, the actual results are fairly consistent with what we expected.
Milton Johnson: We would – I think Sheryl that many times when we see acquisitions coming of not for profit sector, not always, but sometimes can be assets that are challenged. That was the case in Kansas City. And so it was a turnaround situation that’s been almost I guess now 14-13 years ago and it was a successful turnaround for us, but we knew that we will walk into a turnaround situation. There could be acquisitions, though that we could see a not for profit sector where it could be a motivation to look for strategic opportunities in the market not because of financial issues but because of the changing market place and these institutions could see the advantage as a being part of a large organization. I get to see what we could bring to the table, and we’re hoping we will find more those opportunities as well.
Milton Johnson: On the sequestration hit in the quarter, I think it’s about 35 million to 40 million drag for us year over year. Of course that normalizes out and we did that sequestration drag of course in our plan but that’s the dollar amount of the drag.
Milton Johnson: We are starting here just at admissions that down 0.3 here for the first quarter. I wouldn’t take 1% growth off the table yet but so I would say still one to two would be our best guidance based on one quarter.
Sam Hazen: All right, thank you, Bill, good morning. I'll begin my comments this morning with more detail on our same facilities volume for the quarter and then provide an update on market share trends for the company. As you heard pulmonary related admissions were down 9% or almost 4000 admissions as compared to the first quarter of last year. This decline was similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2013 and reflects the soft flu season across the last two quarters. We saw the same decline in our emergency rooms. Pulmonary related emergency room volume was down 9% or approximately 23,000 visits in the quarter. In total, emergency room visits were mostly flat with prior year. However adjusted for pulmonary related volume, emergency room visits grew by 1.3%. In-patient surgeries were up 0.9%. This increase was primarily driven by solid growth in the following areas: orthopaedics, general surgery, cardiovascular and transplant surgery. Out-patient surgery volumes were down 1.7% in total. Hospital based out-patient surgeries were down 1.3% and inside our ambulatory surgery division, out-patient surgeries were down 2.2%. Out-patient endoscopic and pain management procedures which are not included in our surgery statistics increased 5% for the quarter. Other in-patient volume statistics for the company were as follows: obstetric admissions were up 2.1% as part of this growth, managed care of obstetric admissions were up 4%. Behavioural Health admissions grew by 2.4% and rehabilitation admissions grew by 7% and finally average length of stay for in-patient admissions increased 0.9%, reflecting the stronger acuity. Now let me transition to some market share highlights for the 12 months ended September 2013. Once again this data is the most current data available for the company and it represents approximately 90% of the company's markets. The company's in-patient market share for this period grew 31 basis points to 24.1%. HCA gained share in 25 out of 37 markets with gains in 8 of our top 10 markets. We gained share in 12 out of 17 service lines and market share in the commercial segment was flat and also in the in-migration segment we actually increased by 31 basis points. Overall during this period in-patient demand across HCA markets was essentially flat. However in three of the four quarters in this period demand actually increased, but this growth was entirely offset by the soft demand in the first quarter of 2013. Across all of these market share metrics the company's trends are generally consistent with past periods. We believe this performance reflects both solid execution of our growth and operating agendas by our management team and increased capital investments in capacity, technology and new facilities. And with that I'll turn the call back to Vic.
Sam Hazen: The admission growth for the company was primarily in February and March. We actually were up in both of those two months. As the quarter progressed all of our pressure points were in the month of January, which was when we compared against the flu volume from last year. And so if you look at the last two months we did have admission growth and adjusted admission growth as the quarter progressed.Frank Morgan – RBC Capital Markets: All right, thank you.
Sam Hazen: Yes. As you may know, we look at our prior right off history and use that as the basis for our estimates going forward.
Sam Hazen: Most of the narrow networks are contracts that are visible inside the markets are related to exchange products and exchange products only. 88 participate in about 99% of all commercial contracts across all 42 markets that are participates in and we’ve participated in our governmental Medicare advantage or managed Medicaid products. Generally speaking, we’re not seeing any kind of changes in our contracting configuration with the payors in the cycle that we’re in today and that cycle includes 2014 and 2015 where we have all the revenue for the most part in 2014 contracted at about 70% of our 2015 revenue contracted at similar terms and trends. 2016 is about a third done and again it’s very similar to what we have seen in the earlier part of its cycle. So, no material changes other than we’ve experienced in the past and the only new dynamic is within the exchanges. Jason, thank you.
Sam Hazen: No. There’s no estimate. The Medicaid would only include those that are actually enrolled in Medicaid and pending Medicaid would be still treated as uninsured. So, there’s no estimate of conversion in pending Medicaid, and I’ll report that the Medicaid admissions in those expansions they show all four individuals that were actually enrolled in Medicaid to the extent they’re still pursuing enrolment, we’re going to the application, those are treated as uninsured in our accounting. So, the odds are overtime that…
Sam Hazen: Yeah. I don’t know. But I have a metric per se that indicates a composite view of the company’s economies but I’ll say that in general the unemployment rates across HCA markets is better than the unemployment rate at the nation as a whole. It’s trending favorably also. And then if I would put a proxy [ph] on a particular measure that suggests possible improvement, it would be the managed care delivery for the company, about 4% in the first quarter. And that’s a positive indicator of my opinion about the economy across HCA markets and what it might portend as we move forward.
William Rutherford: Well I can't call out any distinct characteristics with this exchange volume so far in the first quarter. You know it is still early. As I mentioned in my comments we're pleased with the progression of that volume we saw in the first quarter, seems to be fairly even spread among a majority of our states. Really no differentiating characteristics of that exchange volume compared to our other book of business at this stage, so nothing really to call out right now.
William Rutherford: Yeah, our position is when we have not pursued premium subsidies in a large scale way. We may still reserve the opportunity to do that on a case by case basis. But for the most part we're not pursuing a strategy around premium subsidies.
William Rutherford: In my comments around working capital and cash flow we attributed to a couple of items and I did reference in indigent program receivable. That’s in one of our states where we make contributions to a fund and then we receive indigent payments back out. It’s just timing differences and we don’t think that’s really a material factor. We did have a growth in government receivables mainly just through increased complexity of that collection cycle with regulatory environment and we think that will eventually find its course. Relative to pending Medicaid, we have kept our pending Medicaid policies consistent as uninsured patients come to our facilities, we screen them for pending Medicaid eligibility, and once they get accepted within that Medicaid program, that account is treated as a Medicaid account. They don't get accepted, we then move them through our charity and uninsured discount program and our policies around that have remained consistent.
William Rutherford: Yeah. Sure. All of yours pending Medicaid moment you want on the acquisition. Sure, we did talk about it briefly. Our policies around pending Medicaid have not changed. It’s consistent with the way we’ve operated that for several years as patients come into our facilities of unsure, we put them on pending Medicaid status and go through an eligibility review screening. When that individual gets accepted into that state’s Medicaid program we would then convert them out of pending Medicaid into Medicaid and told them they attract this pending Medicaid. If they don’t get involved in a Medicaid, they may move through our charity and on into our discount policy. So, no change in how we treat those. Our accounting methodology is to reserve for that pending Medicaid based on our historical experience and again we’ve had no material changes in how we approach that segment of our business.
William Rutherford: Yeah. If the pending Medicaid attracts in self-pay until which time they get accepted in the Medicaid, so the pending Medicaid is attracting a self-pay. We do not classify them as Medicaid until they’re accepted as a Medicaid alone for that state. So, in this interim revenue period they’re attracting a self-pay receivables into self-pay revenues for us.
William Rutherford: Okay. Sheryl relative to acquisition strategy remains consistent while we’ve been the last really few years. So I would say many times we would like to be able to grow through more meaningful acquisitions if we can find those opportunities that set our strategy in terms of what the market complexion will look like and our belief of how we could drive shareholder value through those acquisitions. So, that hasn’t changed. If you look over the last few years, our acquisitions have been largely what I called “tuck-in acquisitions.” Those have been successful acquisitions for the company, we’ll continue to pursue that. But given the opportunity to make a more material acquisition in the market, we would look at those opportunities and we do look at those opportunities. Some of the larger transactions that have occurred in last couple of years have largely been raw sort of facilities and really didn’t fit the sort of markets that we looked for. So, those we did not pursue obviously. But I would say it’s a consistent acquisition strategy. We continue to look for opportunities and hope for that we’ll be able to find opportunities to grow inorganic growth through acquisitions that are we have pricing discipline but will also result in creating shareholder value.
William Rutherford: Yeah. Justin. Hi, good morning. I honestly don’t have a strong percentage for you on our uninsured that’s Medicaid eligible. My instinct says it’s a higher percentage, but I can quote a percentage for you. We are seeing in our expansion states as we mentioned some really higher that shifts that may re-anticipate in terms of the uninsured to Medicaid so that may support it. It’s a higher percent, but I can’t throw out a percent for you at this point in time relative to the impact on Medicaid conversions. So, when I walk through pending Medicaid and when we go through the screening then that individuals determine to be qualified for that state’s Medicaid. We got a very high percentage of converting them into Medicaid north of the 80% are. When you don’t, it’s generally issues where just obtaining signatures and application process; so very, very high. Too early to call changes in that with our 4-expansion states. We have seen a growth in our pending Medicaid in those states, which I.V. [ph] was a positive sign as we have more people in the queue. We do have some increased success rate of converting those in this first quarter, and I think we’ll need another quarter or so for that to settle out as we have not only the existing inventory going through pending Medicaid but new service states since January on there. So, we’re all optimistic we’ll see that conversion go even higher in our expansion stage.
William Rutherford: Yeah. Good morning. The majority of our exchange volume is in network. We do have some out at network and when we do have that out at network it is showing up an EV, but the majority of the exchange volume is in network and it’s too early to call kind of the adjudication rates on either one of -- out of network population.
William Rutherford: No. It’s still too early to be able to kind of size what we think that changes in our historical experience will be.
William Rutherford: Yeah. I would try to address pieces of that as the 2-Midnight Rule and we mentioned that in the fourth quarter. We’re still implementing the 2-Midnight Rule and dedicating a lot of resources towards that effort. As mentioned in our commentary, we are experiencing softness of one day stays among all payor classes. And we did have a decline in Medicare 1 stays for the quarter. It’s not as pronounced as we had in the first quarter. We still have many.. In the fourth quarter. Sorry. Then I said last year. So, we did have an impact in the first quarter, but it was not pronounced as we had in the fourth quarter of ’13. We still have accounts going through the review process. We’re working with our external reviewers on probe reviews that are going still refining processes on that. And so we’ll still have our ongoing implementation efforts. We do think it will continue to impact some of our admission statistics going forward but does not have a material financial impact on us as we’ve spoken about before because we’ve been able to eliminate some outside revenue of this and Sam’s going to address the economic side of it.
William Rutherford: You know as far as acquisition opportunists internationally we’ve done our assessment of international markets, which markets do we find to be attractive in the event of… We see any opportunity. We did have that across the U.S. markets as well. So, we obviously operate in the U.K. in London very successful market for us. So, we have some experience there. But other than that, there is really nothing more thing to add to how we do to international markets. It’s we access it much like we do in the U.S. markets. With respect to the – I think referring to restricted payments basket, the restructuring that we went through are debt structuring deed, increase of restricted payments basket.
William Rutherford: Yeah. Right now before we talk our plans we have just about $1 billion of capacity under the restricted balance, restricted payments basket and it will increase once we follow first quarter compliance by a couple $100 million.
William Rutherford: Well. What I was referring to as we went through the last year we had a really solid performance in the second quarter. And actually if you look back at 2013 in the second quarter, we had the highest admission growth of the year in the second quarter. So it will be a difficult comp I think relative to the growth in volume and in turn, that will also to a difficult comp in the first quarter is what I'm trying to say then as well. So I just wanted to point that out to the market. If you look at our guidance for the year in the first quarter, our growth rate exceeded our guidance for the year and I just wanted to point out that as we think about the second quarter and our performance in the second quarter of last year, that needs to be considered as you're looking at the growth rate. So obviously our guidance does not project that the growth rate we produced in the first quarter will continue throughout the rest of the year. That's the point really I was trying to make.
William Rutherford: So as we spoke about in fourth quarter, we made attempts on outreach to our insured both our certified application account for us in our facilities about 400 of them making contact, we also in early in this quarter, we made outbound kind of contact to what we view the people who have visited our system frequently over the past 12 months. And I would say the result of that on this was fairly marginal, it was more of an education and awareness campaign as much as anything versus how to track the exact number of sign ups or applications that generated. But we are fairly active in that but in terms of the yielded result hard to track exactly in terms of how much, how many exchange enrollments that resulted in, it was more of a community education and awareness effort.
William Rutherford: This is Bill on Parallon, I think we are on plan with Parallon growth, continue to focus with the implementation of the LifePoint account as we have heard about, we got our Catholic Healthcare Partners implementation going on as we speak and so far Parallon is on plan with our expectation. Our health thrust purchasing group inside Parallon is performing very well as well.
William Rutherford: No. It was the opposite. So we look at our exchange volume, went back 12 month and said how we’d seen them before, and we have seen about half of that volume previously. And of that half, one third was previously uninsured, two thirds had some previous coverage. So that number was one third at least of that data point previously had no coverage, but to date they are enrolled in exchange product.
William Rutherford: It’s pretty close to what our expectations were. I think as we spoke in our earlier call, that was a variable that was floating around as we were completing our model about how much of your exchange volume that you projected will be incremental or not and there were numbers all over from 11% to 50% and we say kind of our numbers were in the middle of that. So that’s really consistent with what our model expectations would be.
William Rutherford: We are hopeful but my honest answer is we just don’t know yet, so we are continuing to watch that, we think there will be some progression of that, will it be at the same pace we saw in the first couple of months, really I just don’t know, it would be great if it was but we just don’t know yet.
