Frank Morgan: Good morning, and welcome to everyone on today's call. With me this morning is our CEO, Sam Hazen; and CFO, Bill Rutherford. Sam and Bill will provide some prepared remarks, and then we will take questions. Before I turn the call over to Sam, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. More information on forward-looking statements and these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. On this morning's call, we may reference measures such as adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. A table providing supplemental information on adjusted EBITDA and reconciling net income attributable to HCA Healthcare, Inc. is included in today's release. This morning's call is being recorded and a replay of the call will be available later today. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Sam.
Frank Morgan: Thank you, Sam. And thank you, Bill. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question so we might give as many as possible in the queue, an opportunity to ask a question. Greg, you may now give instructions to those who would like to ask a question.
Frank Morgan: Sure. Great. Thank you for your help today, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call. Hope you have a wonderful week, and we'll be around this afternoon and the balance of the week if we can answer any additional questions you might have. Have a good day.
Sam Hazen: All right, thank you, Bill. As you saw in our press release, Bill Rutherford has decided to retire after 34 years with the company, 10 years as CFO, and Bill had a tremendous career with HCA. And then in my communication to our colleagues throughout the company I indicated that is impressive as the results were financially with the company during his tenure. Bill's legacy with the company will be remembered by the many people in the company has positively impacted with his leadership, mentorship and the way he embraced our mission and culture. And so Bill, congratulations on your retirement, and thank you very much on behalf of the Board and the senior team for everything you've done for the organization. Now part of Bill’s legacy is creating a really deep financial team inside our organization. We pride ourselves on having the capabilities to build talent and then replace talent and we are fortunate to have Mike Marks as our next CFO. Mike has been with the company for 28 years. He has had various roles most of which were in the National Group as the Group’s CFO for the National Group for 10 years, and then he has been in the Senior Vice President and Financial Operations role for the last few years. He is a proven HCA executive, he understands and appreciates our culture, he knows how to execute and get results and I know he's going to be an exceptional CFO for HCA. And I am eager for many of you to get to meet him. So Mike, congratulations. So with that Frank, we will go into questions.
Sam Hazen: Well, let's see, A.J., this is Sam, there is about four questions there. Let me see if I can sort of emphasize them. I will tell you from our judgment we had normal seasonality with respect to most categories of our business. And we had indicated last year that we thought seasonality trends have returned in the latter half of 2022 and they continued in our estimation into the latter half of 2023, with the natural seasonality that we see in our outpatient areas as well as some of our other surgical areas for the most part from the third quarter of this year to the fourth quarter. How that was influenced by new policies and pent-up demand, we can't really determine that, and we don't believe it had a material impact. So from our standpoint, we've been optimistic that our strategy around our network development, our execution on our quality and patient safety agenda, and then our partnerships with our physicians was going to allow us to continue to grow. We mentioned that at our Investor Day. And we think that's part and parcel to what's happening with our business as we push through the latter part of the year. I mean there is always utilization of policies and procedures coming from the payers. There is, like I said, some changes in certain policies. It's way too early judge the effect of those and we are really judging our business and thinking about 2024 optimistically around where the demand for health care is at least in our markets.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam. We have been pretty consistent with our allocation over the years between inpatient, outpatient and technology, and I think 2024 will be somewhat consistent with that. I will tell you we do have a large development pipeline of new outpatient facilities that are connected to our capital project in 2024 and 2025. We’ll have quite a few come online, little bit more than we had in 2023 and 2022. We do have some new hospitals in a few markets that will come online, and we’re starting to invest in, in other markets. So I think when we look at the volume of beds and so forth coming on in 2024, it’s about the same as 2023, if I remember correctly. And then our ER capacity is growing consistently. So we’re pretty consistent in our allocation of capital. It’s not disproportionately oriented to any one category of our business. And we think, again, that approach has yielded really strong returns. It’s allowed us to meet the demand expectations that exist in the market, and it’s also responded to our physicians in a way that created the capacity or allowed for the clinical technology that they need to practice their medicine. So we’re stepping it up because we have a growing occupancy on the inpatient side, and then we have opportunities in the outpatient side to expand our networks further in these fast growing communities. That’s pretty much the snapshot of it, but it’s generally consistent from an allocation standpoint to prior years.
Sam Hazen: Well, at our Investor Day, Mike Marks presented our financial resiliency program, and it’s got different components to it. There’s more sophisticated integration of our revenue cycle that includes our case management initiative, which I will highlight here. Our case management initiative is to make sure that our patients get into the right setting in the right timeline and free up capacity where appropriate, and so forth. This past year, we had early stage success with that. Our length of stay was down and our case mix was modestly up. So when you put the two together, it's a good start for us with respect to our case management initiative. That is important on multiple fronts. It allows us to allocate our nurse staffing more effectively to more acute patients and so forth. We will continue to invest in that initiative as we bring on more technology, more structure to our teams, and better process and benchmarking. The second thing I would highlight is with respect to what we're calling our internal benchmarking initiative, we have incredible opportunities to compare more deeply into our organization, whether it's on the variable cost side, with respect to what we allocate and distribute to our facilities or on fixed costs. And both of those categories are getting a lot more benchmarking under Mike's leadership and we're finding opportunities to rethink how we organize our cost structure, how we leverage process improvement, how we use technology and automation in those areas to improve processes and variable costs. So I'm excited about the prospects there. As I mentioned in my commentary, we had a very successful transition from the third quarter to the fourth quarter with respect to what we call clearance, operating leverage. And our operating leverage from the third quarter to the fourth quarter was the best I'd seen in my experiences with the company. And I think part of that, not all of that, is due to some of these initiatives and the transparency we have around our efforts to improve efficiencies, improve clinical outcomes for our patients and so forth. So those are two things I would highlight. Obviously, our technology agenda and our care transformation is a longer run effort with respect to improved outcomes across different dimensions of our business. And we've had some modest success there in the short run, but we're really banking on those programs giving us long-term value. So those are just a couple of highlights.  Whit, I will tell you, our teams, culturally, are disciplined, and as I mentioned, that discipline creates opportunities for us to find better ways to do things for all of our stakeholders. And that mindset is something that we carry forward from one year to the next, and we'll carry that on into 2024, on into 2025 and so forth. And we think it's an essential ingredient for a health system success. And I'm pretty proud of our teams and how they embrace that and how they execute on the initiatives to make that happen.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam. It's interesting. I'm just looking at a trend line here, and I don't have it beyond this time period. But in 2019, this is a composite view of Medicare. So it has both Medicare and Medicare Advantage. Our Medicare admissions grew 2.6%. You throw out 2020 and 2021 grew 2.1%, 2022 grew 3.4% and 2023 grew 4%. So is there acceleration on our trend? Yes. Obviously, there's aging baby boomers in the mix there, number one. Number two, we think we're taking out market share, so to judge overall utilization patterns around that is really difficult for us. There's population growth in our markets. When you look at adjusted admissions on the same combination payer class, again: 3.7% in 2019, 5.3% at 2021, 4.7% in 2022 and 5.7% in 2023. So a slight acceleration, but a function we believe of aging baby boomers and a number of beneficiaries moving in the program, population growth for us in market share gains. So it's hard for us to judge underneath that, whether or not there's some structural change in utilization, that's almost impossible for us to discern with the data that we have.
Sam Hazen: This is Sam again. Thank you for the question. We finished the year roughly. I don't have the exact average here at 90% acceptance rate. In other words we weren't able to take roughly 10% of the patients who were referred to us through our transfer centers and such. That improved throughout the year as we went from maybe the mid- to high- in the first part of the year, to a little better than that in the second half of the year. We're still below where we were in 2019. But what we have seen is more patients coming through our transfer centers and other patient navigation program that we did in 2019. So we feel good about the inflow if you will. We are still at times in situations where all of our capacity is not open and available, and that's what generates these situations where we can't receive the patients that are coming through these navigation programs and transfer centers. We think that will continue to get better in 2024 as we have capital coming online, as our hiring patterns continue to improve. Our turnover as I mentioned in my commentary has also improved. We've been very intentional in trying to create a great environment for our people with good leadership; resource capabilities and just overall trading to support the efforts so that they can be successful in what they do. And we think that will help us push through 2024 and hopefully have more capacity available and be able to receive the patients that want to get into our system.
Sam Hazen: Yes. And the only thing I would say, and Bill alluded to this, our outpatient platform tends to be short cycle returns. We get a real efficient sort of capital allocation with outpatient facilities. And then on the hospital side, we are a hospital-centric health system. And as we invest in our hospitals, those are long-lived assets and they have a longer cycle to them with respect to returns, but they're critically important to the overall value that our outpatient facilities can generate for our system in the sense that we're able to navigate the patient further into the health care system if they need more acute care offerings. So we have to look at it in both manners. I think to Bill's point, we have had strong returns, a pattern of strong returns, we have occupancy on our inpatient hospital side in the low-70% which is a pretty high occupancy level up over where it was pre-pandemic even with the additional beds that we've added. So we think the network model that we highlighted for you all at the Investor Day is working and is complemented by the outpatient facilities integrated with the hospital system in a manner that produces really positive enterprise returns for our company.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Pito, let me put it this way, I can't give you all that detail right now. As we've talked about, we view supplemental payments is really just part of our overall Medicaid revenue portfolio. I think we're up to 17 or 18 states with supplemental payment programs right now. As I mentioned in my comments, each of these programs have a level of complexity and multiple attributes to it that affect the timing of when we recognize those. In the quarter, as I mentioned, we did recognize the benefit of the new North Carolina program that was anticipated. We had settlement in Texas, and we began accruing Florida accounts for it. So we can maybe offline give you a quarter-by-quarter breakdown. But those were the main things that affected us during the fourth quarter. But I will mention even with the supplemental payment programs, the core operations of the business remains strong. When we look at core revenue growth as well as our revenue per unit growth, we believe the supplemental payments were just additive to what was already a strong quarter.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Justin, thanks for that. Let’s start with the Medicare volume, as I know that’s been a topic. We have seen some growth in our Medicare Advantage admissions, which were roughly up 10% in the quarter, which is pretty consistent for what we’ve seen throughout the year. And we think probably a combination of conversion from traditional Medicare fee-for-service as well as some of our volume gains and maybe a bit utilization. It’s hard for us to break that down in its entirety on there in terms of our revenue per unit between Medicare Advantage and Medicare has been very consistent through the year as well. So we didn’t see any really step change in the fourth quarter of that material amount. When I think about the two-midnight rule Sam alluded it’s too early for us to judge the impact of this rule. We know it’s got a period to be implemented. We believe ultimately it’s going to benefit our patients. And we think over time could be some moderate positive results for us, but we’ve seen no impact yet. But we believe over time, as we go through 2024, there could be some modest benefits we’ll go through that.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Gary, this is Bill. Thanks for those comments. Let’s start with DPP. You are correct in my comments. We are expecting overall, when we aggregate all the programs to potentially be a headwind, anywhere between $100 million and $200 million, largely due to settlements that we received this year, we don’t expect to reoccur. And then the Florida beginning accrual had an impact to that. So that’s what’s mostly driving that across our multiple programs. On Valesco, as we mentioned, it came in line with our expectations, which I think last quarter we sized just under $50 million or so a quarter. As we continue to work on multiple improvement initiatives, including further integrating that joint venture into HCA, we expect to see continued improvement going forward. Next year I think Valesco for the full year will equate with about the same amount we recorded this year, but we had nine months this year versus 12 months, obviously in 2024. So we do believe over time there will be continued improvement, and we’re working diligently towards those efforts.
Bill Rutherford: Well, I think we’ve proven the teams have managed through that very well during the inflationary period we experienced. I think going forward we expect to move back into kind of the normal trends, which is generally 2.5% to 3% of wage inflation going for us. And then we believe there’s continued improvement in contract labor to be achieved, and we have plans to execute that throughout 2024. On the professional fees in Valesco, we have a number of initiatives with teams working on that to not only further integrate into our operations, but to continue to figure out adjustments to those programs. Our professional fees I’ve talked to, we have seen a decline in the sequential rate of growth. So we’re a bit encouraged with that as we go into 2024. We would expect those sequential declines to continue. And we’re working hard through multiple initiatives, whether it would be revenue enhancements, program adjustments, or looking at opportunities to internalize some of those programs.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Ann, this is Bill. Let me first clarify our 2% to 3% emission our aggregated revenue per equivalent emission, and then obviously there’s categories underneath it. I would tell you regarding Medicaid redetermination still early. We believe there’s some modest benefit that we’ve seen as patients have migrated from Medicaid into Hicks [ph] and other employer sponsor. I don’t believe that’s material yet. We’ll see how that continues to trend throughout 2024. And I would say we don’t have a material fact – material amount factored into our guidance on that. On the two-midnight rule, as we said earlier, it is really early in that progression. It should be positive for us if it’s implemented as expected. I think it will be positive for patients over time as well, and we’ll just have to see how that plays out. But we don’t have, I’d say, a material adjustment factored into our 2024 numbers for that as well. Our range of guidance, I think accommodates for various outcomes on both of those programs, and we’ll see how that plays out as we go through the first part of the year.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Kevin, let me start and then Sam can add in. So we're going off our experience, we've seen throughout 2023. And as we said earlier in the comments, we thought there was very strong demand for services in our markets. We think our capital programs and our program initiatives are paying off. Our adjusted emissions this year were 4.8%. You're right. Our guidance next year calls us for three to four expectation on adjusted emissions. That may be a little higher than our two to three historical, but I think we're reading continued strong demand. We saw really strong enrollment in the health insurance exchanges across our states, and that continues to be a favorable development for us. We believe we continue to see strong economic indicators and employments and our access to contract and lives remain well. So I think all of those factors go into play with our expectations for 2024 and is based on kind of our current experience.
Bill Rutherford: So overall, the fourth quarter surgery was a little slower than the year-to-date, and we were talking about that earlier this morning, we did have a more difficult December calendar, even though, we had the same surgical days in total. The way they were allocated created some challenges in our outpatient settings. And we saw outpatient activity not as strong as in the previous two months of the quarter, but at a structural level, there's nothing to suggest that our surgical volume trends are going to change. For the year, we had really solid volume growth in surgeries, and we continue to invest heavily in our programs, both on the outpatient side and supporting our inpatient activity with more acute and complex program offerings. And for the year, our inpatient surgeries were up two and our outpatient surgeries were up 2.5. So a slight migration, if you will, into the outpatient setting. And we think that will be generally consistent as we push into 2024, we do have a number of ambulatory surgery centers that have opened or will open in 2024. We've made a few acquisitions in certain markets with ambulatory surgery centers, and we continue to invest in our hospital operating suites as well as improve our processes just as we are improving our emergency room processes with our revitalization program. And we think that will continue to be a value add for our patients and for our physicians and help us with our volume pursuits. So that's how we're judging the surgical space. If you look at cardiac underneath that, our cardiac volumes continue to grow very robust and are actually growing in the mid-single digits. And we think, again, that's reflective of our overall program development, expansion into new service lines underneath cardiac and responding again to our patient needs and physician needs in ways that we believe are productive for our organization.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Let me add in and thanks for that. I think Valesco is a little lower. We're about $150 million of both years, but obviously in 2023, we add a nine months versus 12 months next year. So we see a kind of run rate improvement as we go through the quarters during the year. On pro fees, we, as we said, have seen a decline in the sequential rate of growth. We have multiple initiatives underway embedded in our guidance next year is holding that professional fee growth perhaps to 8% to 10% versus this year where it's been closer to 15% to 20%. So we are looking for a step change and we're confident in our initiatives and the activities we have to be able to begin to bend that trend line.
Bill Rutherford: Well, I mean, the rule goes in effect in January. So I think the impact may ramp over time. It's a notable change for the payers. So we're working them very closely on the administration of those plans and making sure it's operating as described on there. And if it does, we should see it equally throughout the year. And so we're working closely on it, but it's a pretty big change for the payers. And so there might be some administrative differences as it gets implemented through the year. But we hope very quickly, we'll be able to work our way through that and begin to see some benefit as we go through 2024.
Bill Rutherford: Josh, this is Bill. I'll start on the returns. Our returns remain very solid. I mean, we're in the upper teens returns. We have a very disciplined process where we evaluate these projects and we actually do look backs to validate some of our assumptions. And to me the growth in the capital spending is a reflection of the growth of the opportunities we see to deploy capital to continue that growth. So we're very pleased with the returns on those. I think as Sam mentioned earlier in the Q&A, the mix between inpatient and outpatient, it varies from time to time, but mostly similar. We do have some newer outpatient facilities coming on. They generally have very good returns and quick returns when they do come online. So I think the capital program, we're pleased with; it's an important component to our growth formula, as we've talked about, and we're pleased with the overall returns in the interview.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. This is Bill. Let me start with the Medicaid redetermination. I think you're characteristic is right, we do see some modest benefit in 2024. We haven't adjusted to be material yet, but our range of guidance allows for some outcomes on there. We started to see some of the effects of those redeterminations late in 2023. We're tracking those very closely. We're seeing roughly 30% to 35% of those individuals that were potentially on Medicaid seem to show up with either HICS or employer-sponsored coverage, so that there's some benefit in that. We're seeing a decently large number being able to be reapplied into Medicaid because some were redetermined off for technical reasons. So we've been able to manage through that. And I think with the conversion into HICS or employer-sponsored, there is some modest benefit as we go through the year. And potentially, that will continue as we go through 2024. But don't judge that to be material at this stage. Regarding COVID, to be honest with you, we haven't – COVID is really been stable for us over the past year. In total, our COVID admissions are roughly 2% of our total admissions. I don't really have any data on acuity, but I think it's very, very stable and hasn't really been a material factor in our overall operating results of late.
