Victor L. Campbell: Thank you, Tracy, and good morning, everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer, and I would like to welcome on the call today, including those on the webcast. With me here this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Milton Johnson; Sam Hazen, our Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Rutherford, our CFO and Executive Vice President. Before I turn the call over to Milton, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they're based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Several of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. On this morning's call, we may reference measures such as adjusted EBITDA and net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc., excluding losses or gains on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and legal claims costs, which are non-GAAP financial measures. A table providing supplemental information on adjusted EBITDA and reconciling to net income attributable to HCA Holdings to adjusted EBITDA is included in the company's fourth quarter earnings release. As you know, the call is being recorded and a replay will be made available later today. With that, let me turn the call over to Milton.
Victor L. Campbell: Hi, A. J. I hate to let the first guy cheat, but we'll let you. We'll do two. The technical question on the Waiver and guidance Bill will address and then Sam will talk about pull-through.
Victor L. Campbell: All right, Whit. Thank you. I'm going to let Bill take that and I don't know if Sam will have anything to add.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. So we're going to do managed care contracting, what we're seeing there. And then we're going to step back and look at...
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Dana, thank you. And best I can tell, there's no one left in the queue. And I want to just thank everyone for being on the call. Appreciate it and look forward to seeing you all soon.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: Good morning. As mentioned earlier, volume growth was strong in the second quarter, with no unusual factors contributing to the quarter's growth. As I stated on previous earnings calls, we believe this performance continues to reflect improving macroeconomic trends in many of our markets and market share gains for the company. We believe the market share gains have been driven by a combination of solid execution of our growth agenda and capital spending that has been invested, both to increase access to our networks and to add operational capacity. Our growth in volume was once again broad-based across most of the companies' markets and it was also broad-based across the various service lines of our business. On a year-over-year basis, for the quarter all of our 14 domestic divisions had growth in admissions, growth in adjusted admissions and growth in emergency room visits. All but three divisions had growth in managed care and exchange admissions and all but one of our divisions had growth in adjusted admissions for these same-payer classes. Managed care and exchange emergency room visits grew by 8%. All but one division had growth in emergency room visits for these payer classes. All but three divisions had growth in inpatient surgeries. Surgical admissions accounted for 27.1% of total admissions for the quarter, down slightly from 27.7% in the second quarter of the previous year. This quarter is the ninth straight quarter with growth in inpatient surgeries. Nine divisions had growth in hospital-based outpatient surgeries, which were up 0.9% for the company. Hospital-based outpatient surgical volumes have grown in eight out of the last nine quarters. Surgeries grew 1.1% in our ambulatory surgery division. We believe that many components of our OR of Choice initiative that are working inside of our hospitals are now contributing to our growth in this division. Additionally, we've recently acquired four new surgery centers in existing markets inside of our ambulatory surgery division. Most service lines had some level of surgical growth, with notable growth in orthopedics and cardiovascular surgery. Other categories of our inpatient business were strong also. Deliveries for the quarter were up 2.4%, managed care and exchange deliveries were up 7.3%, neonatal admissions grew 4.6%, behavioral health admissions were up 7.2%, rehab admissions were up 9.9% and average length of stay grew by 1.7%, reflecting the higher case mix and acuity of our admissions. On a same-facility basis after excluding the Texas Medicaid Waiver revenue adjustment from last year, inpatient revenue for the company grew 5.8%. Outpatient revenue for the company grew 12.5% in the quarter on a consolidated basis and represented 39.9% of total patient revenues. On a same-facility basis, outpatient revenue grew by 9%. Market share trends for the company's inpatient business for the 12-month period ended December 2014 were generally consistent with past trends. Our market share grew by 22 basis points. As a result, the company's composite market share is around 24.5%. Approximately 68% of our markets increased share across most service line categories. Overall inpatient demand across HCA markets continued to show sequential strength. Demand growth accelerated in our markets in each of the last three quarters of 2014, with the fourth quarter showing growth of 3.5%. Commercial demand in HCA markets was even more notable for the year, with an increase of over 4%, with sequential acceleration in each quarter. We believe inpatient demand in both the first and second quarters of 2015 were equally strong. We will report on these quarters when the data is available. HCA has a comprehensive growth agenda that we believe is driving sustainable market share gains and overall results. We continue to invest in our local networks at significant levels. The anticipated increase in capital spending that we announced last quarter will provide over the next few years more capital in our markets to add inpatient bed capacity, increase emergency room capacity, enhanced service line offerings and add equipment for our nurses and for our physicians. In certain markets, capital spending will be deployed for new hospitals and new outpatient facilities. And finally, managed care and exchange contracting continued to progress as planned. The company is currently contracted for almost 96% of its revenue for 2015, 67% of its revenue for 2016 and 45% of its revenue for 2017. The pricing and the non-pricing terms are generally consistent with the contracts we have renewed over the past couple of years. With that, I'll turn the call back to Vic.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: Let me start off this way, A. J. First, our margin in the second quarter was well ahead of our internal plan, I'll tell you that. The second point I want to make is our margin in the second quarter compared really to first quarter and the fourth quarter, which is truly the run rate of the company, zero change, almost identical margins for the company in each of those three consecutive quarters. And then when I look at our operating expense per adjusted admission, it's hardly unchanged from fourth quarter to first quarter to second quarter. And the volumes are very, very comparable. The other thing is we did some margin expansion in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis of 20 basis points. It was not as high as the first quarter, which was uniquely high with our clearance overall. Some differences between the second quarter and the first quarter, although not incredibly material on each front, but somewhat material and I think contributed to the differences between the second quarter clearance and the first quarter clearance, is the volume in the second quarter wasn't as strong. It was strong, ahead of plan, but not as strong as the first quarter. So there's some lost leverage comparing those two. The second big macro point is the reform benefit for the company over second quarter-over-second quarter of last year was not as material as first quarter-over-first quarter of last year. And Bill can give you the specifics on that if we need to. And then at a micro level, I'll tell you there were a few pressure points for the company on some labor cost due to the fact that we had more vacancies in the first quarter because our volume picked up a little bit more than we anticipated. And we filled some of those in the latter part of the first quarter and that carried into the second quarter. The other thing I would say, is the company's initiatives that I laid out in our guidance for 2015 ramped up a little bit more in the second quarter than they did in the first quarter. So that had a modest impact. And then the third point is we are seeing some acceleration in drug costs, which have been in the press, it's been in the political arena and so forth. We're feeling that in our pharmaceutical cost trends somewhat and that puts some pressure on our margins in the second quarter. I'll tell you this, the company is focused on margin enhancements, like it always has been. We're continually trying to find ways to leverage the scale of the organization, use our technology and our data more effectively to identify efficiency opportunities and improvement opportunities. And we continue to believe as we ramp up volume growth, we will be able to leverage the operating costs of the company and create margin expansion. And then when you couple that with our growth initiatives, which are centered on high-margin service expansion, high-margin investments, we think the combination of those two things will continue to put the company in a very solid position with this operating margin.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: I was speaking to the volume growth inside of HCA. I think your point about overall demand for outpatient surgery outpacing inpatient demand is probably an accurate statement. We don't get great information with respect to market share data for outpatient surgery, so it's difficult for us to assess our overall performance there. It's clear in a lot of our markets there's are more suppliers of outpatient surgery than there are inpatient surgery, and so that could be part of the dynamic that we're seeing as an organization. We have, though, changed the trend curve for HCA on outpatient surgeries over the past two years or three years with our Surgical Growth Initiative and our OR of Choice efforts, and we've turned the trend line positive in the face of significant competition. So I think your statement is right about demand for outpatient surgery. But for HCA, though, I will say a number of our service line initiatives that are intended to drive more acuity, more complexity and round out the offerings within our market, will be centered on certain service lines that have a lot of inpatient surgeries. For example, trauma, cardiovascular, oncology, just to name a few, have a very significant inpatient surgical component which is a very high-margin service line for the company and a very significant service line with respect to rounding out the depth of our service line offerings. So that's part of what's going on in our metrics as well.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: Well, I think the first thing I would say, the company has incredible cash flow that it has remarkable optionality with being able to use that. And when we think about capital expenditures and we think about the core growth agenda of the company, which is centered around organic growth within its existing markets, it creates a need for capital investment. And so from that standpoint, we have studied our growth trajectory, we've studied our capacity constraints and we've studied our opportunities, if you will, with our strategy, and we felt that the increase in capital expenditures was needed to really resource that particular component of our business in a very significant way. And you've seen us over the last five years incrementally increase our capital investments as we've come out of the LBO and into the public market as our volume improved, as our market share improved, as the economy has improved, and so that's been a driver for us. With respect to the components of that, as I've said on my comments and I've said in previous quarters' comments, inpatient capacity, outpatient capacity, technology that's needed for our nurses and physicians and then new facilities are really where we're spending our money, which makes sense. That's what we are when it comes to an organic growth-oriented company. So that's where the capital expenditures are going. Milton or Bill, I don't know if you want to speak to the other components of what's going in the industry.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: I think the general statement is this, Whit. The exchange business is very comparable to the commercial business, with the exception of obstetrics being slightly lower, as Bill indicated. Thus, the case mix is slightly greater. So that's the short story on the exchange business as compared to the commercial business.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: Yeah, I think, Gary, from my standpoint, we look at the HCA portfolio of markets as a routine to understand what's the job growth trends, what's the unemployment trends, what's the overall GDP, if you will, of each of HCA's markets. And what we see and what we understand is a very significant improvement in overall macroeconomic factors within each of our markets. It's hard for me to process that the exchange running, around 2% of our total business, versus the commercial, running around 28% to 30% of our total, that the exchange is driving the overall performance. It's not big enough yet. And so we believe San Jose, California; Austin, Texas; Dallas, Texas; Miami, Florida; Nashville, Tennessee, these markets are uniquely growing, and we're seeing an overall commercial demand which is significantly outpacing the ability of the exchange component of our business to drive activity. And so those are some of the ways we triangulate into understanding how the economy is having an impact. And so that's how we judge it and we believe that to be the case. And we're optimistic that a number of these markets are going to continue to have very strong economic activities in the foreseeable future.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: Yeah, Vic. This is Sam. There's absolutely no change in our managed care contracting trends as compared to the previous two years or so. Our inflationary adjustments in our commercial contracts are consistent with past trends in the 4% to 5% zone for most of our arrangements. On the governmental side of our contracting, Medicare Advantage and Medicaid products generally consistent with the states' and the Federal government's change in overall payment rates there. And then the non-pricing terms, as I mentioned in my comments, are fundamentally the same for the most part. There's a few pay-for-performance provisions that we've added here and there to round out our capabilities inside of those contracts, but those are not really inconsistent with past practices.
Samuel N. Hazen - President-Operations: We have had over the past number of years a fairly aggressive effort in both of these service lines to develop capabilities in each of our markets. Both service lines are very complementary to core service lines within HCA. For example, behavioral health is very complementary to our emergency services line. Rehab is very complementary to our orthopedics and neurosciences. So we've been very aggressive over the past number of years in, number one, creating capacity and capability within these two service lines. And then the second thing we've been able to do is internalize the patient, if you will, inside the HCA network and keep them in the system when they needed those particular service lines. That has yielded a great deal of growth for us and we've had remarkable sustained growth in both service lines. We still believe we have opportunities in a number of our markets to make larger investments in each of these service lines by adding more capacity, taking advantage of the demand for these two service lines and then creating opportunities to capture more share of patients who hit our system and don't get these particular services within HCA network. So we're very bullish on both of these service lines.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah. Hey, A. J. Let me talk a little bit about the Waiver and your question regarding adjusting our guidance on there. We did make an adjustment in the second quarter of 2015 based on some updated information from CMS on our Waiver program. We recognized an estimated increase, about $17 million related to the program in the second quarter. Based on the program updates that we mentioned, we now believe the Waiver revenues to be recognized in 2015 will be materially equivalent to the amounts we recognized in 2014, which excludes the impact of the $142 million settlement we recorded last year. You're right, our original guidance did include an anticipated $70 million reductions, which we no longer anticipate this reduction. Roughly half of this we've already recognized in our year-to-date performance between the first and second quarter, and the rest coming through the second half. So the remaining amount, that $35 million or so, we didn't deem to be material by itself to cause us to raise guidance again, but it does contribute really to our belief we'll be near the high-end of the guidance. So, Sam, I'll let you take the second part.
William B. Rutherford: Hey. Good morning, Sheryl. Let me try to cover that. It's a good question. Let me touch on uninsured volume trends and then relate that into bad debts and uncompensated care because there are a couple of things that we should point out here. Overall, the second quarter year over trends are a little bit artificially affected by the pending Medicaid activity we saw in our expansion states last year. So recall we had quite a bit of movement going on in both our uninsured and Medicaid categories in the second quarter, where the buildup in pending Medicaid in the first quarter of last year that got cleared out in the second quarter which lowered your uninsured trends when you look at the second quarter alone. And so let me look at uninsured volumes on a year-to-date basis first just to account for that early period of reform. On a year-to-date basis, as I mentioned in my comments, our uninsured admissions are down 2.4%. We finished full-year 2014 down just over 9%. So, the slowing of uninsured declines is, we believe, largely attributable to the fact we didn't really have any new states other than Indiana expand Medicaid. So these year-over-year trends are beginning to normalize and sunset on us. And by the way, it's pretty much in line with our expectations and what we're seeing in other areas of our volume. Relative to bad debts, as we talked about before, I think people understand we have a pretty robust charity and uninsured discount policy. And so we think it's best to look at uncompensated care in total because, in any quarter, there can be some movement between bad debt, charity and uninsured discounts. And we saw that in the second quarter because of some of these payer class movements. Our uncompensated care, as a percentage of revenue adjusted for the uncompensated care was 30.7% in Q2 of 2015; it was 29.0% in Q2 of 2014. So slight growth. But it was 30.3% in Q4 of 2014 and 29.6% in Q1. So it's a manageable level of growth. On a year-to-date basis, our uncompensated care is 30.1% versus 30.3% as a percentage of revenue. So there's still some improvement on the year-to-date, but we do believe some of those trends are beginning to sunset on us as we see not as much lift on year-over-year of reform. We do continue to see some growth in deductibles and co-pay amounts. You mentioned this balance after the bill. We feel we've got really strong collection practices. Our collections per account are staying really consistent with where they've historically been, but we are seeing a little bit higher per account liability. And that tends to affect bad debt slightly. But overall, I think we feel pretty strong about what our collection practices are.
William B. Rutherford: Let me start and maybe Milton will add in. I kind of see, on a year-over-year basis, the enrollment for this year is really what's driving the growth. And with the increased enrollment, we are seeing increased reform activity. I think as we saw last year, we saw that level off in second and third quarter, and it picked up again with first quarter with the new enrollment. I think this year within the year, we might begin and see some leveling off. But I think next year's performance will largely be attributable to the enrollment that we might see. We do think there's some kind of key points of the law that may incentivize people to find enrollment. And so I do think there will continue to be some tailwinds in reform, at least for next year. Not so sure longer term we'll have the visibility into that. So...
William B. Rutherford: Yeah. I mean, I think we're still projecting our cash flow from operations to be somewhere between $4 billion and $4.250 billion for full year. And I think we feel pretty good about that number. If you look at kind of a year-to-date, as I said, $2.075 billion, so that does imply a little bit of growth in the second half of the year. As you said, last year, second half of the year was really strong as we saw the core growth of HCA continue to prosper. There's really no reason to think that shouldn't continue for the second half of this year.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah, let me start on that. A couple quick points on the observations. I don't really have any on service mix. But geographically, I can tell you Florida is our strongest exchange volume state. When we look in the pockets in Florida and I look at the year-over-year growth, Florida is our highest state in terms of growth of exchanges. That's both in South Florida as well as the west coast and spread along even the Panhandle. And we think as we see reports of enrollment in those states and I think the percentage of the population enrolled in Florida is the highest in the country, so with our footprint, I think it just leads that onto that. Texas is having great exchange and reform volume growth as well, probably just a hair below Florida. So our two largest states are showing the largest reform growth and we think you know that's positive on there. I will tell you our reform trends, as I alluded to briefly earlier, it's starting to level out in March, April, May and June. I look at the monthly numbers. So, we may have found our level for 2016 on there. But as I look at our two largest states, fortunately they're our two largest states with our highest year-over-year reform. I don't have any update at my fingertips on our mix and intensity. We mentioned last year that our reform business was carrying a little bit higher intensity. That's generally because of the lower OB volume is contained in that population than compared to kind of more commercial population as a whole. My belief is that's continuing on, so it's carrying a little bit more activity. So, I don't know, Sam, any more commentary on that? I think we're in a good position contract-wise and feel very good about our position from a network configuration perspective as well.
William B. Rutherford: Thank you. I'll try. Really no change in our Florida LIP program. Earlier in the year, the discussion about that program being reduced or eliminated and we've avoided that, so we think year-over-year we're solid in terms of the Florida LIP. Well, with the Texas Waiver, I think you may know that that Waiver period goes through 9/30 of 2016. We're in the fourth fiscal year of that and we've got one more year on that. And what happens beyond that Waiver program can't really predict. We know it's hugely important to the providers in the state, so we're hopeful there will be some renewal – reapplication of the state with CMS. And we'll see how that gets renewed and in what form after the current Waiver period expires. But, again, we're good through 9/30 of 2016 with that program.
William B. Rutherford: Let me start and maybe add on. So, Gary, on the reform piece. I agree. I think over time, it will become more and more difficult to distinguish the amount that's truly the reform versus kind of the core business. Today we're still tracking what's going on within the health insurance exchanges and our ability to track that specific volume in that specific population and making some estimates of its impact to the company relative to a pre-reform era. I do believe as time goes by, and probably sometime in the next year (48:42), it's going to be more and more difficult to attribute the specific amount to reform versus other aspects, whether that be economy or our overall core strategies being executed. But for now, our reform is really being isolated for our health insurance exchange activity.
William B. Rutherford: Yeah, in the managed care space, yes. So, well, first, we need to see the outcome of the DOJ review from an anti-trust standpoint. That could very well affect certain market positions. And our analysis would be a market-by-market approach to understand the HCA impact. So, without having that information, we really can't address the HCA impact. Second, in many of our markets, pricing among the largest payers are in a fairly tight band today, which, of course, would minimize any short-term impacts. And then, a third, I'll remind you that with respect to HCA, our market position and market share, in most of our markets either we're number one or number two in share in most of our markets, puts us in a good position to be relevant to all the payers going forward. And so my concern more over the longer term is how does this consolidation or possible consolidation affect smaller providers or systems in markets that may only operate in one or two markets. And to your question about shoring up our share, we look to do that. We're trying to be opportunistic to do that. And the question I would have is could this consolidation be a catalyst for further provider consolidation. And that's yet to be known. We'll see how that plays out. But it could be a catalyst to give us more opportunity for consolidation in the provider space.
R. Milton Johnson: Well, let me just reinforce maybe than add something new, but reinforce Bill's comments around last year, we had some movement from pending Medicaid out of uninsured. And so really we look at the number on a year-to-date basis. We've said that last year in the second quarter comments, and I'd just reinforce that. I think that's important. I don't want to get too alarmed about the particular second quarter growth in uninsured admissions because of that comp to last year. Also, as I think about reform going forward, I do think we'll continue to see continued growth in enrollment next year with reform. The CEO (33:04), of course, projects that as well. I think you'll see more material – that the penalty tax will materially increase next year for those who choose not to seek health insurance coverage. And that may drive more enrollment. And then you're going to see employers with as few as 50 employees having to provide health insurance to their employees to avoid a penalty at the employer level. So there's still some implementation pieces of reform that we've yet to see and so I want to reinforce that out into the market and not react too much to this second quarter because of the comp situation that we had last year.
R. Milton Johnson: Well, let me just say that, first of all, I think you talked about some of the returns. We have I think a very sophisticated and effective process to evaluate our capital projects. And so we put them through a really solid process to evaluate the opportunities. And as a management team, the things Sam just talked about, before approving these projects as a team, with Bill and Sam and myself and others, we evaluate these projects. And I can tell you that we just approved a batch in the second quarter of about $550 million of expenditures that all of us went through. And personally, I think they're great investments. If you look at the returns, I think the average net present value return on that package of improvements is probably somewhere around 2 (40:14), so a very strong return opportunity. If you look at the company's return on invested capital, I don't have it as of June 30, but for the last 12 months ended March 15, our return on invested capital is 16.1%. I can say that the end of 2014 it was 15.2% and the end of 2013 it was 13.9%. So, we're seeing increasing returns on our invested capital. And if you know this company, we have been an organic growth company now for the last nine years basically. So when you think about the company going private in 2006, we had $4.5 billion roughly of EBITDA and, again, basically the same assets today, nine years later. And if we hit our guidance near the top end of the range of $7.85 billion, you can see the solid growth in earnings through that time. So I think our processes are effective. I think we have great investment opportunities. We're pursuing those. And I think our returns, especially the recent returns over the last few years, demonstrate that the process is working.
R. Milton Johnson: Yeah, sure. So, it's really a capital allocation question. And we've been pretty consistent saying that with our free cash flow, we'd look first for acquisition opportunities. It's difficult to project when those will come and how they may or may not materialize. Following that, obviously first investing back in our markets, which we're doing. And then acquisition opportunities and then we've been a consistent buyer of our stock through share repurchase now for quite a while. As you heard me say in my comments, this year we have already spent $940 million on share repurchase from our February authorization. And, again, we have another just a little bit more than $1 billion remaining on our May 2015 authorization. So pretty consistent by using cash to employ back into the market to acquire our shares. And, again, quite a bit of powder available to us currently.
