Samuel Hazen: All right. Thank you, Bill, and good morning to everyone. I'm going to provide some additional detail on our volume trends for the quarter as compared to the third quarter of last year. On a same-facilities basis for our domestic operations, 8 of 14 divisions had growth in admissions. Growth was especially strong in our North Florida, Tennessee, Capitol and South Atlantic divisions and conversely our East Florida, Far West, Mid America, Central West Texas and Gulf Coast divisions were weak. East Florida and Gulf Coast were obviously impacted some by the storms, but we believe both markets have recovered well with no indications of permanent issues. All other divisions were slightly up or slightly down for the quarter. Eight of 14 divisions had growth in adjusted admissions; 8 of 14 divisions had growth in emergency room visits. Freestanding emergency room visits grew 18%, while hospital based emergency room visits declined 1.5%. Once again most of this decline was seen in lower acuity visits. Admissions through the emergency room grew by 1.6%. Trauma and EMS volumes grew by 7% and 1% respectively. Inpatient surgeries were essentially flat. Surgical admissions were 28% of total admissions in the quarter. Surgical volumes were strong in cardiovascular and orthopedic service lines. Seven of 14 divisions had growth in inpatient surgeries. Outpatient surgeries were down 4% and volumes were down in both our hospital based and freestanding ambulatory surgery centers. We have one less business day in the quarter as compared to last year in the storms heading effect. Behavioral health admissions grew 4.1%. Rehab admissions grew 4%. Cardiology volumes grew 5%. Births were down 2.5% and neonatal admissions were essentially flat. In summary, after adjusting for the estimated impact of the hurricanes, our volume trends were generally consistent with the first half of the year. As I stated in my comments last quarter, we believe the growth in inpatient demand in general has moderated across most of our markets over the last year, which we believe explains most of our softer volumes. For the 12 months ended March 2017, which is the most current data available, inpatient market share for HCA increased by 10 basis points as compared to the previous period. Now, let me transition to our operations in London. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter for this market was down 12% and both local currency and dollars were approximately $6 million. This decline is less than the last quarter and represents a better overall performance for this division. We anticipate continued improvements in our results over the next few quarters. Overall we continue to refine and enhance our efforts to improve and grow our business. We believe these refinements and enhancements will deliver value for our patients and physicians, allow us to compete more effectively in a dynamic marketplace and ultimately sustain growth for the company. With that, let me turn the call back to Vic.
Samuel Hazen: Let me start on the demand point of your question. Justin, I'll let Bill jump in here on some of the other components. Inpatient demands for HCA's markets are still growing. In the first quarter of 2017, which is the most recent data available, our markets, 42 markets grew up 0.8% that's a little bit below our expected level of growth as we think about the overall factors that drive demand for healthcare services in our markets. If you normalize that a little bit for leap year, it probably grew about 1%; 2016 grew at about 1.4% to 1.5% for inpatient demand and we use that as a general proxy for overall demand with some aspects of outpatient growing faster than that. So, we still are confident that the prospect for growth in HCA's markets is still good. We have indicated in the past and we continue to believe that over the long run inpatient demand in healthcare services in HCA's markets is going to grow somewhere around 2%. It could be a little bit more, a little bit south of that depending on a number of factors. Our belief around population growth, utilization increases for aging baby boomers. Chronic conditions and the growth in diabetes and cancer and other obesity, those kind of things are driving demand. And then when you look at the market economies, we still believe there's going to be solid job growth across HCA's markets. So, the company is investing inside of this belief around demand. We're relieving capacity constraints. We're adding outpatient facilities to our network and we're putting ourselves in a position to really compete at a high level. And so, our approach is built around volume growth. We have to have volume growth I think to be successful. We've had modest volume growth this year in a difficult period with modest market share gains. For us to get to our volume objectives, we have to pick up 20 to 25 basis points of market share, not 10, so we're a little bit short where we want to be. Again some of that is market-specific. Some of it is competitor-specific, but over the long haul we think we are in a position to achieve that objective and that is obviously a starting point for our ability to achieve our EBITDA targets that we've laid out. I'll let Bill or Milton carry forward on the follow through on that question.
Samuel Hazen: I don't know. This is Sam again. I don't know that I have every answer to 2017. I mean some of this is a judgment about what we see in the market and if you look back over the last three or four years, it was never the same metric in each of those three or four years. So, one year may grow 3%. One year may grow 1.8%. And so, if you're looking at it over a bit of a longer run, you get to an average that seems to be a reasonable proxy for going forward forecasts around volume growth in our markets. I mean there has been some level of competition as we've indicated in the past in certain outpatient arenas that can have some downstream implications for us, but that has moderated as I said on the last call and we've seen some saturation if you will of development in certain outpatient elements that have slowed that issue down. So, I think when you look at where we are trending when you normalize for some of these factors, this is just one of those years I believe where the market has been a bit overheated in the past and maybe it just moderated. But from my standpoint and from the studies that were done, we see no reason that it won't move to the norm over some reasonable period of time. We don't have all of our 2018 budgets finalized yet, so we're not in a position to really provide guidance on that particular year. But if you think about it in the context of the next two to three years, we think growth over that cycle is going to be somewhere consistent with this 2% number.
Samuel Hazen: Sam. Well, I can't really give a company view on the volumes coming out of the gate in the fourth quarter, but I will say this. Houston and Miami, which I said in my comments, the indications coming out of the gate in the gate in the fourth quarter given the significance of the aversion to the market, does not suggest any permanent issues, as that would be able resolve the hurricane. So, in Houston we are actually tracking slightly above last year, and in Miami market was slightly below, but we did not estimate why that it is. And it's not related to any kind of permanent market damage, in either of those two markets.
Samuel Hazen: Yeah, we'll take that, I think that we historically shared that the 4% low level, that's one element from the Miami margin maintenance. Clearly this quarter margin was impacted by the sloppy revenue due to hurricanes, the waiver programs as well as the cost trans in the hurricanes. I also mentioned the acquisitions that we came and didn't cover our margin contribution awareness, so all that will come into play. But, I think that we said that early, you know are right on the lower end of our guidelines, we still anticipate margin maintenance. I think we've got a track work of continuing to maintain that the cost structure; we got a lot of initiatives on the way, will it be our supply cost initiative, continued opportunities on which in the land berg agenda as we have some success in various initiatives through additional nursing turn over. So, I still believe that the 4% level, we still anticipate a margin minus level.
Samuel Hazen: I want to say the thing what I add on bill. Well our CapEx expenditure program, we have been setting it up at approximate $3 billion this year. I would expect for the year- end for 2018, it will continue at the low volume and move on, obviously some of the acquisitions that we made will have some capital investment there, on top of our base of hospitals and markets that we have. So, and after may look beyond 2018, we do have more flexible floating in our capital budget as far as commitments so, we are judged that as we go through the coming months in quarters, as in the proper amount of investment, but we will continue to make investments. As you know, our growth story is largely banked on organic growth story and again as I mentioned we are in great markets with population growth and we expect demand, so I think you'll continue to see us invest, but beyond next year, we'll wait and see, but we do that more flexibly with respect to capital.
Samuel Hazen: At this particular point in time the company is about 80% contracted for 2018, 75% to 80%. And almost identical term is to 2017 so all round 4% on our pricing trends with our commercial book of business and where about 35% to 40% into 2019 and about the same number. It was starting to pay say a little bit differently because we think there are certain reasons to the above business we are. So we can expect about 2019 and 2020 with respect to the need for some pricing adjustments possibly. But as it relates to neuro networks in risk taking, I would say I general not a lot has changed. We are not seeing significant neuro network development outside of the exchanges where we have been operating inside of that model. Ourselves as, as some of our competitors. Clearly there are evolving models in certain markets at different levels around accountable cure organizations and other models such as that we have a number of those within our portfolio of offerings with pairs in such so there is not broad based movement though on those fronts on the commercial book of business. I would say on the Medicare advantage side equation, there tends to be more deeper penetration of those type of things in the areas on the commercial side. So we are not seeing any significant movement though across the company that would suggest a major structural change in the near term possibly in the intermediate term in some markets but again not across 42 different markets.
Samuel Hazen: So Whit it is the same, let me take this. We are really pleased with where we are with our initiatives around nursing in general and specifically around nursing turnover as Bill indicated, we are - we have improved our nursing turnover in about 15 months, 18 months by 200 basis points. Our nursing contract labor for the quarter, the spend on nursing contract labor not our components of contract labor in the company was actually day on in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis. So we are very encouraged by that trend. We think we still have head room in a number of retention initiatives that will drive that metric down even further. I will tell you, we just checked off a second innovation of our nursing strategy, Milton provided an idea for the whole company. We have a very robust nursing agenda that we believe is going to ultimately differentiate HCA further from a nursing stand point. At our core the company is a nursing company. We provide nursing care in ERs, in the ORs on the floors in our cardiac CAT lab, whatever the case maybe. And we are seeing and finding ways to leverage what are called the HCA way to weight improve nursing. Part of that is creating organizational capacity for improvement, part of that is standardizing technology on the floors so that our nurses can spend more time in the bed - by the bedside with our patients. And an example of this we acquired the company a few years ago that had some unique technology that allows us to communicate within our nursing environment more effective with our patients [ph] more effectively with physicians and so forth. We have got one third of the way through rolling that particular technology up. And then I will tell you the last thing is really working with our nurse managers and our nurses to deal with pain point that prevent them from being at successful as they want to be. We think this is all connected to on boarding, nurse residency programs and evolved in the company an ongoing clinical education which we believe will produce more component work force, more capable work force and more efficient work force generating better patient outcomes clearly greater position in components as Milton indicated a moment ago we ultimately think driving more volume. So our nursing initiative is being resourced very comprehensively and we think there is a lot of opportunities for our improvements in what we are doing inside of our facilities.
Samuel Hazen: Well, Mat, [indiscernible] in this trend of demographic change and its coupled with higher utilization, but let me talked about we have seen some changes between governmental and commercial mix. I don't think that were projecting that to be materially different in terms of year-over-year trend in what we have seen and so we have got strategies around the managed care and commercial side to trying to manage through that as well as just a overall effort to gain commercial markets shares. So it kind of offsets that under pending migration yeah, from commercial to governmental affairs.
Samuel Hazen: We clearly as utilization grows as people aids through those continuing such going to generate more of the imports. So we can continue to - as we continue to see that trend, I think we will be in positive. The one thing that I think is important is it is when you look at our markets, our forecast for commercial demand, not just overall demand, the overall demand is being stocked if you will by the aging baby rumours and a few other components but the commercial demand side equation at least rates A markets we believe, it's still going to grow also and it won't grow with that composite number, but we believe it will grow somewhere 3.5 a point and point and so if we can maintain market share or grow market share inside of that overall demand picture then that obviously compensates for some of the margin dilution if you will that comes from a Medicare patients which is obviously less profitable than a commercial patient. So that's how we think it about, we have to ultimately grow or maintain our market share on the commercial side to make them all work.
Samuel Hazen: Let me give this a same - let me give you a couple of metrics to you for the quarter and this is pretty consistent for the year. Our lower acuity levels in our emergency rooms has declined 3%. Our upper level acuity visits - upper three levels has grown 3.8% so it actually seeing more growth from the high end then we have we obviously we had declines in the low ends. Our pricing in our emergency room tends to be stepped up based upon that and so from that stand point we are growing our higher priced emergency room visits. We are seeing declines in some areas on the lower, so the revenue production coming out our emergency room is still very, very strong. To suggest at 90% if I heard it correctly emergency room visits can be put into urgent care, there is no way that can happen. It is not possible, there is too much acute activity on the emergency room side for that to occur. We have urgent care centers developing across the HCA as a platform as well as an extension of our network I think we are up to almost a 100 urgent care centres in a very complimentary to our overall networking position and we do think for certain patients and in certain situations it is the better center and a better setting for care than the emergency room obviously, but they are very complimentary and they are very important to the market place, they are very important to the market place, they are very important to the network and they are very important to the payers in having access to a broader way of facility both in urgent care and emergency services. So that trend has so stabilized I would say, there is not much difference over the last few quarters and where that has gone within our emergency room and what the trends have done. We won't just have to see how that place up from one market to the other, there are differences in some markets. You are right there could be some differences in how that places are, but broadly across the company those are big trends.
Samuel Hazen: On the ER question, about 45% to 48% of our ER businesses are low acuity and obviously the balance of that is in the upper 3 acuity levels, so little bit more on the upper side than the lower side. To suggest that our inpatients procedures that ought to be done as outpatients, I don't see that as a case at all. I mean there is all kinds of protocols from a governmental stand point as well from a commercial pay roll stand point around approving procedures that are done in the inpatient setting and or the outpatient setting. So that's really not a phenomenon and that I think is out of source, I will tell there is always movement from inpatients to outpatients. That's inner trend, it's been there for a decade up or so, but there are also new technologies that are driving inpatient activity. We have seen that vascular care in other aspects of different service lines. So there always it's in out that goes inside of these two components of our business, but we aren't seeing any unique trans from inpatient to orthopedic services, but they are not anything that's so substantial that's going to disrupt the revenue stream on the inpatient or overly accelerate the revenue stream of the out patients at least in our judgment.
William Rutherford: Right thank you, as you know our practice is we don't talk about third quarter, but that obviously will command over the Columbus hurricane market, so you understand where they stand. Alright, next question.
William Rutherford: Sure, so we have been more inquisitive this year, we've had more opportunities in you need know our company and that we are not that very comfortable should they have a certain number of hospitals. We look to acquire hospitals and markets, where we see long term positive popular demand growth opportunities. And, we theatrically want to have the relative amount of market share going into our new market. You know in Savannah, gives us that, as I've said in my comments, we hope to close in Savannah about the end of the year, and we are excited about the opportunity to go into a new market. There are lot of hospitals for children, hospitals are more supplementary to our existing markets like Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, San Antonio or Jacksonville. We will continue to look for those opportunities. We today are final on ramp positions is really good, as I said, I mean for last calls, it's probably the best pipeline we had and maybe in 15 years or 20 years. And so, marked up on more flabby opportunities, so, we continue to look for those in add that to our strategy going forward. With respect to big data, there we have invested quite a bit, and it's already contributing. Where you see the contribution, we see it in a number of ways, but primarily and most importantly we see it in quality inside the care way it provides. I was using our clinical data to improve care in our hospitals, is something that we are making right start in, I know we are just getting started, like the interface is getting started there. But we are making a difference anyways saving the lives of the treatment of Sceptisis, blood utilization and another and number of other areas. So, we all continue to invest in that area continued to be benefited from that for our patients. And of course that attracts great positions, which of course contributes to our growth strategy as well overall. So, all that is part of our strategy Sheryl, I think that we will continue to look for growth opportunities, freelance positions and also growth opportunities through using proprietary information like our big data and how we can use that to continue to leverage our position in the markets.
William Rutherford: Yeah, this is Bill. So we reported 6.4% in the quarter, I think we run in 5.7% year-to-date, so it's jumped on us a little bit but I really don't judge that to be a materially jam as we - went into 2017 if we could to keep uninsured volume in that made to high single digits that's kind of what we anticipated as we have stated before 70% of our uninsured volumes in Texas and Florida. We are correlating that to the drop in the health insurance exchange. I think that is kind of the underlying number that we are seeing at a 6% level, 6.5% I think that's within a historical range that we expect, remind you that the impact of the growing uninsured is available cost to solve that and at mid-single digit level, I think that's within the confines of overall expectations and guidance.
