Milton Johnson: All right thank you Vic and good morning everyone joining us on the call and the webcast. I hope each of you has the opportunity to review HCA second quarter results release this morning. I made a few comments on the quarter and our thoughts on 2016 data and then turn the call over to Bill and Sam to provide more detail on the quarter's result.  Net income attributable to HCA Holdings increased 29.8% to $658 million or a $1.65 per diluted share, a 39.8% increase compared to $507 million or $1.18 in the prior year second quarter. As noted in our second quarter release, we recognized $4 million tax benefit or $0.11 per diluted share related to the early adoption of the new accounting standards which reduced our provision for income back to us.  Adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.052 billion, an increase of 2.2% over the prior year. We experienced volume growth in both our admissions and the business although at a more modest growth rate as compared to each quarters. Same facility admissions increased 0.6% while same facility equivalent admissions increased 1.6%. Same facility emergency room business increased 4.1% over last year second quarter.  Inpatient and outpatient surgery volumes reflect solid growth over the second quarter last year. Total surgery cases grew 1.6% on a same facility basis. Sam will provide additional comments on our volume trends in just a moment. Once again we experienced strong growth and cash flow from operations totaling $1.349 billion compared to $1.057 billion in the prior year second quarter, an increase of 28%.  With only $663 million capital expenditures and $1.237 billion to purchase 15.506 million shares which included $750 million for repurchased 9.613 million shares during the quarter. We have repurchased a total of 24.427 million shares in 2016 at an average price of $76.4. We had approximately $750 million remaining on our $3 billion authorization on June 30, 2016 and also during the quarter we purchased 3 hospitals in the Dallas Fort Worth and Austin Texas markets which we believe will broaden the strength of our market presence in the future.  We expected the inpatient and outpatient services growth in our markets in the years ahead. We are committing capital to meet this increase in demand. For example we recently announced a $650 million capital commitment about Miami state and Palm Beach and county facilities to expand and upgrade our patients service offerings. This includes the construction of a new facility on the campus in Melbrook Southeastern University in Florida along with several other expansion and facility upgrades within the markets.  These investments will allow us to better serve our communities, respond to the growing demand for healthcare services and provide the highest level of patient care experience. I want to take a minute to recognize a number of senior appointments we have announced over the past quarter, all of whom have been promoted from the HCA. Due to retirements, we have made the new division president and addition we announced the new Senior Vice President of Employer Engagement.  These are all seasoned professionals with many years of experience in their discipline and in HCA. They know our culture, they understand our business strategy and I am extremely pleased that we have a big bench to ensure strong continuity. So, congratulations to all of them. Now moving to 2016 guidance, primarily due to volume growth at the low end of our expectations during the first six months of 2016, we are reviving our full year 2016 guidance expectations.  As noted in this morning's earnings release our revenue range is now estimated to be between $41 billion and $42 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to range between $8.1 billion and $8.3 billion and our adjusted EPS range is now estimated to be between $6.40 to $6.70 per diluted share, reflecting increased net income, share repurchase and the favorable impact of change in accounting status to forward our tax-rate for the first 6 months of 2016.  Our guidance for capital expenditure for 2016 remains around $2.7 billion. So, with that I will turn the call over to Will. 
Milton Johnson: Hey, Whit let me just add one more. Other than the impact of the accounting change that we have talked about, we haven't projected for that for the balance of the year. 
Milton Johnson: Sheryl, one thing I might just add and that is as we all know the health exchange admissions really grew last year, they get small piece of the company, but if you look at what they added to admission growth last year the second quarter verses this year, while we're still so that's also one factor to keep in mind when you start talking about last year.
Milton Johnson: Okay, we are of that 75% 2017 again as consistently sent the past year terms, we're about 15% contract on 2018 similarly, as far as the component of that we are you know not seen any substantial changes in structure, or provisions inside of those agreement, on the observation status issue with more Medicare advantage issue as it was a non-Medicare issue, a little bit on the commercial but not as much, it was more Medicare advantage, but a little bit on the commercial side of that, We're not convinced yet that we're being equitably dealt with on some of those status when you are working with the payers to get a more clinically driven protocol around those, and that we believe will normalize at some point, but none the less that out there is the issue that it had been an issue but it is a little bit more advanced I think in the second quarter. So that the payers side. On the part of payment issue -- again it's hard I have current data, this is a very sort of slow moving data driven process with the government, what I was speaking to put in particular on our only in a couple of markets have we've seen the program the fundamental initiative pilot program have a modest impact on what falls into our rehab centers, there have been some component of our participation in those pilots where we see some modest adjustment in post-acute care referral patterns, again it's across the different components of post-acute. On the other side is way too early to be able to understand what the implications are there, we're just starting to get in the game and again we have seen some modest changes in referral patterns but not to the point where HCA, we believe that compromises the opportunity to develop, we have so and fully integrate that to other components of our business, so orthopedic is an example is not the only driver of rehab business for HCA, Trauma is the driver, clients is the driver, deliver downstream rehab business, and from the standpoint we have little bit drag with -- with the program which got a lot of business opportunity on inside the justified our investment. Rehab admissions -- great deal 1% of our total, so it doesn't really at all.
Milton Johnson: It actually is more on our historical trend, the first quarter was uniquely high we could put our fingers the way on exactly why it was this high it was, but the second quarter was more on our historical trend, and it was very balanced between our hospital towards surgery centers, our growth is fairly broad based across the different service lines in those centers and in our hospital, we have a number of initiatives are all are choice of initiatives continues to yield value for us, it is a satisfactory position and helping our patient flow patient satisfaction. Secondly, we are in an acquisition on inventory surgery centers and endoscopic centers and it added over the course of the last 12 to 18 months a quite a few additional units, and we look at our composite none things towards surgery center growth in the second quarter was about 1.5% which reflect some of the acquisition that we've done, we believe that it will be very strategic to position alignment, greater outreach in the commercial segment is just advancing larger network of offering HCAs market. So we're very pleased with the result with second quarter and we believe we still have opportunities to grow outpatient surgery volumes with our different initiatives. 
Milton Johnson: Well, all of our contracts negotiations are a bit different depending on the market, depending on the circumstance but I mean in general that hasn't been any Dramatic changes in our contract -- I think a reimbursement per unit is in line with our expectations this year, and we anticipate that being the case for next year as well, so – I mean there are pockets here and there recently made an announcement about some challenges with their exchanges, we have a little bit of business what they have done in the exchanges, we tend to deal with the local state policy more than we do Texas, Florida, Tennessee, Kansas city places like that it so it's not really an issue as much as it is how the -- how the local policy, their pricing challenges and medical loss ratio issues and so forth, but in general for HCA there's not a lot of change. 
Milton Johnson: I will say one thing, too, that should help. It's on some of the contact library shoes that we dealt with in the second half of last year as Sam described. Although we still have opportunity to contact, it is moderating in terms of stable, in terms of where it is. We better relate in the second half of the year relative to the content contract label as well.
Milton Johnson: Let me add one comment to that. I think it's about other area of opportunity for HCA. Our clinical data warehouse, the number of our quality initiatives have sort of supply cost utilization, drug utilization, bad practice identification and so forth attached to it. As we engage our positions more than we've done in the past, they're understanding of how it helps them, how it helps their facilities, how it helps their patients is another opportunity that I think we're in the early stages of execution on our supply costs. Married up with what Will just talked about on contracting supply chain operational management, coupled with data and insights connected to our positions is a very powerful combination that we think still had headwind.
Milton Johnson: I would add that in the second quarter, it probably wasn't as strong because of payer mix with this commercial volume being down a bit. Obviously, that's -- and in the delta there can create a little bit of a boarding if you will, making positive number. But within our commercial book like where we thought we would be and actually a bit better. Thank you.
Milton Johnson: Gary, you're pretty clever; two clarifications in one question. I think that's story. I'm going to give you points than not.
Milton Johnson: I'm not prepared to give pricing between the two units. I mean, it's ASCs are a bit less priced -- lower priced than our hospitals. And that's because of some of the infrastructure requirements that it takes to operate a hospital base here, and capital requirements are different, and so forth. Both components have about 50% to 55% of their volume in commercial patients. So outpatient business is predominantly a commercial booking business. A number of our surgery centers have broader clinical capabilities and can provide the type of care that our hospital base units, but others can't. They don't have the nursing, they don't have the backup, the physicians aren't comfortable operating on certain types of patients and so forth. So there's all these nuances that go into it. Ambulatory surgery centers have been in our market for a decade, and this dynamic has always existed. So we've got the right balanced approach, we believe, inside of HCA, to be able to respond to respond to physician needs, patient needs, payer needs, with our network and we continue to add to both.
Milton Johnson: Wow. I'll say this: Fundamentally, the Company has a strategy to enhance the clinical complexion of our facilities. And by that, I mean advancing into deeper capabilities. In many markets, we are adding the service lines I'll call horizontally where we bring on new capabilities in cardiovascular care, oncology, pediatrics, whatever. And then vertically, we're deepening those capabilities inside of existing service lines. All intended on being able to keep a patient somewhere in the HCA system if they need deeper care or more complex care. So we import that out of our Clinical Services group and out of our service line group up here in Nashville, where we can bring technology, we can bring best practices, we can bring a specialized talent to support that. So when I view the Company's inpatient business, I anticipate it getting more acute and more complex over time. On the outpatient side, the Company has had a very aggressive investment strategy over the last number of years. I think, Bill, our outpatient revenues are pushing 40% of our total. And so we balance out the $2.7 billion between inpatient capacity, outpatient surgical capacity, imaging capacity, clinical capacity for urgent care, and then also for Emergency Room, which is a big piece of our outpatient strategy as well. So all of those pieces and parts are connected to really a balanced approach to building out our network and being attractive to our patients and our physicians. All right, thank you, Sarah. It's 9:59. One more question.
Milton Johnson: All right, Sheryl. And everyone thank you very much for your time this morning, we appreciate it. We look forward to following up with all of you.
William Rutherford: Yes, hey good morning Whit. As we look at cash flow from operations obviously it's been very strong year-to-date. We are encouraged and anticipate that strength to continue. We have previously said cash flow from operations to be about 5.5 to $5.5 billion; I think we are still within that range and free cash flow being around that to $2.2 billion what we anticipated at this stage of the year. 
William Rutherford: Well, I think our managed care, we were modestly there and that a little bit below where we expected this year, I mean the last six quarters have been incredibly strong for the commercial demand stand point across all of our market, and in the commercial volume inside of HCA. We knew that was going to paper, we didn't know when exactly and how much and I don't know that the second quarter necessarily reflective of any near term volume trend with respect to that, I mean the second quarter last year with a very strong commercial volume growth and so that was part of the challenge here we have a couple of markets where there's been some trends changes, the observation issue in the global market impacted our admissions statistic a bit, and that that part of it a couple of taxes market have some, but not materially different than the company has a whole in Las Vegas two of our hospitals – two of our competitors have now re-entered a provide care-contract that previously they weren't in, and we lost a little commercial business there. so there's all these little component that playing to our number but I think that demand will normalize in that trend we think in that short run the intermediate run, our commercial oddity somewhere between one and two, how we think overall demand it 2 to 2.5 potentially, but you know we're not to see some data in the first quarter this year to fully validate those assumptions, but that's where we believe the trends are for the HCA market. 
William Rutherford: A big bill 2.4% up year-to-date on our admission growth, you recall we gave guidance of 2.5, so we're at the low end of that range and so you think about the short term the next six months you know we think we can finish within the range, but it was quiet in the lower into…
William Rutherford: Thank you. We are very pleased with the last three quarters of performance our management teams in the field they have responded in a very effective way, as you see in our income statement we have been able to maintain our productivity levels, we've been able to maintain our margin level if you will with labor over those periods of the time. And we still facing some level of challenges, obviously we are using more contract labor than we want, however contract labors for the company has stabilized over the last four quarters, and actually for unit basis for the second quarter was below the first quarter, when we look at contract labor for just a patient day.  And retention is a big focus inside our company right now, we have opportunities to enhance our in retention and we have seen an early signs of improvement at a number of hospitals that we are focused on, we have a second workshop for another 20 hospitals inside of HCA, and we're optimistic that will start to see some leveraging best practices in performance there that will over time I think help address some of these challenges, our recruiting function inside of HR continues to improve and get more agile in responding to dynamics in the market, we do have pockets of challenges with wages that we have to step up to deal with, some of those are being dealt with as we speak, some of them been dealt with over the past few quarters, and some of them we will be dealt with in the future. having said that I don't think there's going to be a material change in our composite average hourly rate across the company, it could you know move a little bit from one quarter to the other but largely it is in the zone of really anticipated and we believe it to be manageable. 
William Rutherford: Sure. As we look at that you could see you know it's 5.7% for the quarter and year-to-date basis fall in right in line with our expectations. When I look at uncompensated care that uninsured combined as I mentioned in my comments that I look at one of the past three and even in to Q3 of last year, it remain very stable, when I look at our uncompensated care as a percentage of our adjusted revenue you know it is it relatively flat for the past three quarters, we anticipate on volumes to track with -- that's what exactly is happening so, you know I'm I wouldn't really call labor environment is very stable for us at this stage, our teams are doing a great job as we continue to manage the collection – collectability in the revenue cycle for the last three quarters has remained very stable. 
William Rutherford: I'll try another scenario, obviously it is still early to predict what will happen in 2017, we've always said that we think our exchanged activity will track with enrollment, and you know so far we haven't really seen material markets in that for next year , there is implant market by market but I hadn't really kind of raised up as a material issue for us right now, so I really think we have to see what the enrollment trends are going to be in projected for 2017 to kind of estimate whether or impact it is for us I'm not so sure in comments that we've seen in the market of exchanges early stage material, I don't know exactly what the impact would be in 2017, however we have added some payers here and there, we will lose some payers as they exit and I'm hopeful that our network is broad enough in order for us to absorbed those and we can maintain our market share hopefully even re-position our market share in some cases. We'll have to wait see exactly how the exchange shake out. 
William Rutherford: Yes right, it implies that 5% growth to get to the mid-point, I think one of the major factor he touched on to get easier especially in the third quarter, last year we were a little bit solid so we should have a think will prompt for the third quarter, but you know when you look at our -- we have factors all the kinds of into our guidance and where we think we can achieve the outcome for the second half of the year. But I don't -- maybe a little bit of seasonality typically that we see in the second half of the year, the fourth quarter especially, that obviously a trend we see every year but nothing with high-tech or anything that would call out that would be outside of normal operations would be contributing to that -- to that expectation for growth in the second half of the year. Fourth quarter of last year was a big number for us, so as we revised our guidance, we think the midpoint range we're at is not reflective of what our current trends, but we're comfortable with that.
William Rutherford: Yes, let me take a first shot. As you know, supply costs us percent of revenue. Year-over-year we had 20 basis point declines. When I look at it for the past four quarter, we're pretty consistent, 16.7 in Q2, 16.7 in Q1, 16.4 in Q4, 16.7 in Q3. It's very sustainable and we do think that's accomplishment given the continued intensity increases in volume growth that we've seen over that time. Our supply chain team as well as our field operators have done an outstanding job from a variety of aspects around supply chain. First, relatively or GPO in contracting. We still have momentum in the marketplace with Health Trust Purchasing Group and that continued to have a lot of strong performance and then our supply chain operations are really a key component of our supply chain story. We've spoken recently at one of our recent initiatives around pharmacy consolidation where we can help control the pharmacy spending utilization of inventory. That is paying great dividends. It's that initiative is rolling through the marketplace. We've also got initiatives in the operating suites, as well as other initiatives around our performance improvement activity. When you couple supply chain initiatives operationally with the contracting statuses going on, I think that's all leading to us being with at least maintain our margins on a supply cost line and remain the stability. You'll do recall last year we did speak in the third quarter of some pharmacy cost elevation with our pharmacy cost per adjusted emission or adjust-to-patient day with elevated in the second and third quarter of last year, mainly due to some high cost drugs that obviously have a lot of press around that. We've seen those pharmacy cost trends moderate over the past couple of quarters in response to some of just the public pressure on those high cost drugs. That is also benefiting our year-over-year comparison.
William Rutherford: I'll start in that. When we gave her guidance, we anticipated our revenue per adjusted emission to be 2% to 3%. Year-to-date, we're at 2.1%. We reported that number in the second quarter. When I look at a longer term view, that's right in range. We've had some quarters a little more to that, some within range. Sam talked about our visibility of our contracting for 2017 and 2018 for pretty consistent terms. So when we look at pricing measured by a revenue for adjusted emission, it's within our range and I think within our trend that we've seen over the past four to six quarters.
William Rutherford: I'll take down, Gary. No policy changes relative to our recognition. In any period, they're sometimes subject for news between non-insured discounts charity and bad debt. Bad debt in second quarter is very consistent with our Q1, but really no year-over-year changes and that's why I think it's best to look at the portfolio including all three of those and that's why they're consistent. But no changes. Again, at any period, you're subject to maybe some of that in your uninsured discount line versus bad debt, but not policy changes related to that.
William Rutherford: Well, I think on the -- varies by market a bit. We are trying to work with our physicians to identify the best course of action for our patients whether that's the type of -- how we interact with them from the hospital and so forth. It's very, very early in understanding how impactful those are. As we transition, we just got the rags on the cardiac thing, it's 700 plus pages of rags I think. We haven't got a chance to study that yet. I think one new launch for us with cardiology versus orthopedic we employ large number of cardiologists across HCA and our ability to integrate with them may be a bit easier than it is in some respects with orthopedics, which we don't employ as much. We'll just have to wait and see how that plays out. That's still a proposed rule. We don't know if its impact will go into effect and what the final rules will be on the cardiac side. We're prepared, we've invested in infrastructure, corporate offers in our divisions, we've educated, we've put policies and procedures in place on a CJR. We'll hopefully see where it goes over the next 12-18 months.
