Victor L. Campbell: Casey, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer, and I would like to welcome all of you on today's call, including those of you listening to the webcast. With me here this morning are President and CEO, Milton Johnson; our CFO, Executive VP, Bill Rutherford, his maiden voyage for the call, and welcome, Bill; Sam Hazen, our President of Operations; and several other members of HCA's senior management team are here as well. Before I turn the call over to Milton, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they're based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. This morning's call is being recorded. As you heard, a replay will be available later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Milton.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Bill, thank you. Sam and Milton, as well. All right. Casey, you want to come back on? We're going to poll for questions. [Operator Instructions] All yours, Casey.
Victor L. Campbell: And obviously, as we build our model, we put ranges in for that and other items to get some comfort with it. But we start dwelling on single points and it lead you to the next one and the next one. So as the year goes, we'll provide a little more color on that. Thanks, Justin.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Josh, this is Vic. If you go back and look at -- and these are percentage points cuts to market basket of productivity, we started seeing hits in 2011. There was a 0.25 reduction. Then in '12, it was 1.1. In '13, it was 80 basis points. In '14, it's another 80 basis points. So you can kind of run those numbers through and you can see that they're bigger than the upside range we just gave you for '14. So obviously, we've been incurring these cuts to get there. And so, it'll take a little while for that to offset it. The second piece of it, I think, we're not going to go into state-by-state. So obviously, there's still not a lot of data. We've obviously made assumptions. There are not many of our states with Medicaid expansion, but we do get some benefits a little bit in California and Colorado. We're really small in Kentucky. And in Nevada, we would pick up some as well through Medicaid. We're also continuing to be hopeful that we'll see some states step up and expand their Medicaid in out years. But at this point, we're going to kind of hold back in terms of any specific state information.
Victor L. Campbell: Yes. We're not going to that detail at this point. We'll see as we get later in the year. If we learn and have some real-time data that's worth sharing, we'll go there. But right now, those are the assumptions we're willing to put out on the table.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Thank you, team. Thanks all of you for being on the call and Mark is here all day and I may be. So have a great day.
Samuel N. Hazen: Good morning. I want to provide some detail on both fourth quarter volumes and market share performance for the company. Same facility inpatient admissions in the fourth quarter were down approximately 8,000. Three factors explain this decline. First, pulmonary admissions were down 9%, almost 3,500 admissions. We believe the lighter flu season is the reason. Second, Medicare short stay inpatient admissions, though staying less than 2 midnights, were down 12%, almost 2,500 admissions. And third, we believe the implementation of the CMS 2-Midnight Rule spilled over into other payors as short stay inpatient admissions and other payor categories declined by another 2,100 admissions, or 4%. Outpatient observation visits, the alternative category for many short stay inpatient admissions, increased by almost 11,000, or 8.5%. Pulmonary-related emergency room visits were down in the quarter by over 9%, or approximately 23,000 visits. This decline represents approximately 53% of the overall reduction in emergency room visits. The positive story inside our volume analysis is the increased acuity. As you heard, our case mix index for the quarter was strong. This increase was driven by a number of factors. First, inpatient surgery volume grew by 1%. And as a result, surgical admissions were a larger percentage of total admissions in the fourth quarter as compared to the prior year. Secondly, across our surgical business, service lines with higher acuity, such as orthopedics, neurosciences and cardiovascular, grew at a faster rate. And third, within our medical and surgical service lines, the overall acuity was higher within many individual service lines this quarter. We believe declines in short stay admissions explain some of this change. Average length of stay increased by 1.4% in the quarter, reflecting the increased acuity of our inpatient visits. Other inpatient statistics for the company are as follows: obstetric admissions grew by 1%, behavioral services admissions grew by 1.6%, rehabilitation admissions grew by 9%, and census levels inside our intensive care units were slightly up. Same-facility outpatient surgical cases grew 1.6% in the quarter. We saw growth in both our hospital outpatient surgical departments and our ambulatory surgery division. We believe our program to become the O.R. of choice for our physicians and patients is driving this growth and our inpatient surgical growth. In the quarter, 8 out of 14 divisions had growth in inpatient surgical volume and 10 out of 14 divisions had growth in outpatient surgical volumes. Our international division also had solid growth in total surgical volumes. Now let me transition to some market share highlights for the 12 months ended June 2013. Once again, this data is the most current data available for the company and it represents almost 90% of the company's markets. The company's inpatient market share for this period increased by 44 basis points to 23.8%. Inpatient demand in these markets during the 12-month period was essentially flat. For the 3 months ended June 2013, however, inpatient demand increased by 0.3%, which is a rebound from the decline in demand experienced in the first quarter of 2013. We gained share in 13 out of 17 service lines. We gained share in 27 of 37 markets. Our market share in both the commercial and in migration segments of our business continue to grow in this period. Across all these metrics, the company's market share trends are generally consistent with past reports. HCA continues to invest in its growth agenda. As you saw in our press release, we are going to increase capital spending in 2014 to around $2.2 billion, which is approximately $200 million greater than 2013. This increase will go to expanding our operating capacity in existing facilities and to expanding the number of facilities, both inpatient and outpatient, in our existing markets. As part of our capital spending for 2013 and 2014, the company will add approximately 770 new inpatient beds and 270 emergency room beds. Included in these additions are 5 new hospitals, 2 of which have already begun operations; 15 new emergency rooms in outreach markets; and 3 replacement surgery centers. Additionally, we are investing in more technology and organizational resources to improve our quality and service offering, which should make our facilities more competitive and responsive to the needs of our patients and physicians. And with that, let me turn the call back to Bill.
Samuel N. Hazen: Yes. And Frank, this is Sam. Let me add to the answer Milton just gave you around the capital. A couple of things. One, for any large capital expenditures that we do inside of HCA, we have a very specific process that we hold to, to ensure that the expectations around those capital projects are included in our budgets and plans as laid out in those approvals. So there's a natural flow of those expectations in our guidance. The second thing is, on new capital, there is a natural ramp-up. These are long-lived assets and we have a natural ramp-up that occurs on new capital that goes into the market. And some of that is fed into the guidance for 2014, but it's not that material as it relates to the overall performance of the company.
Samuel N. Hazen: I don't have the exact payor mix of all of our observation visits in front of me. I'll say that the short stay admission decline was fairly broad-based across all of our payors. So I would infer from that, that as a result of our increase in observation visits, we saw natural growth in all the different payor classes for observations. I've got it in my office, I just didn't bring it in here with me. And I can get that information to Mark and he can get it back to you. But I think it's reasonable to assume that.
Samuel N. Hazen: Yes. When I think about surgery as a percent of our total business, I think there's 2 components that affect it as you look at that ratio. First, I mean, we are intentionally investing heavily in our surgical growth across the company. We've been doing that now for over 2 years and I think it's having an impact. It's all embedded in what we call our O.R. of choice initiative where we are intentionally detailing each of our surgical departments to ensure that they have the necessary equipment to meet our physician needs and patient needs, that they have the right process, improvement efforts in place to ensure efficiency. And then, we are very specific with our physician liaisons to respond to the individual physician's needs as it relates to scheduling and so forth. And I think, in addition to the capital that we've committed to that, those elements are driving improved performance for the company. And we continue to believe that there is capacity in that effort and opportunities for continued improvement in growth along the lines of what we've seen over the last couple of years. The second thing that affects the ratio that you're referring to is the fact that our emergency room volume has slowed a little bit and we haven't seen the emergency room admissions that we had seen in previous years. And a lot of the emergency room admission activity is medicine-oriented business. And when you put that into the mix, it affects that ratio that you were referring to as well. But when you look inside our market share and look specifically inside a surgical service line, we're seeing solid growth in orthopedics. We're seeing solid growth in neurosciences. We're gaining ground in general surgery categories. And so, I feel very good about that metric bumping up against the effort that I just mentioned to you. And again, I think 2014 is a year where we're still pretty optimistic around what we're doing on the surgical front.
Samuel N. Hazen: I think if you look back over the past few years, we started to see more outpatient demand occur in the last half of the year, especially in surgical areas and some other outpatient service lines. That has been a shift. We've heard it from our physicians and we've seen it in our data and so forth. And I think it's natural to assume that, that's coming from hard deductibles and co-pay requirements that get exhausted as the year progresses and people decide to go ahead and get their procedures done in the latter part of the year. So on the outpatient side, I do see more seasonality toward the end of the year than what we've seen in the past. And actually, in this fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, on a sequential basis, our outpatient surgical activity, I think, grew somewhere around 6.5% to 7%. Last year, it grew about 6%. So it really wasn't changed materially from the previous year as far as the sequential performance on that particular metric. Obviously, the first quarter has variation from 1 year to the next as it relates to flu season activity, I think, primarily. But that would be the only thing that drives uniqueness from 1 year to the next. But clearly, on the outpatient side, we have seen a seasonality shift that is more in the back half of the year as opposed to the first half of the year.
William B. Rutherford: I'll take the first stab and then Milton or Sam add in as necessary. Sheryl, thank you for the question. So we believe by laying out our expectation of 7% to 9% of uninsured gaining some coverage give some insight in how we're thinking about that. We know that will leave 92%, 94% of our current uninsured business that will still flow through on to bad debt. And we know that book has been growing 6% to 8% a year. So maybe hard to see the impact to that on our provision at least on our reported statements. As part of our deduct that we say partially offsets the upside of the uninsured is the conversion of insured into an exchange product. A subset of that population will move into a product that is comparable revenue clearance. There's a subset of that population that will move into exchange product, with perhaps some reduced revenue clearance, either through a discount for participating on exchange product or higher bad debt because of deductible and coinsurance. So that offsets some of that movement on the previously uninsured. And some of that may move into a restricted network. And we'll either see that in an out-of-network position or it be directed around us. So I think it's hard for us to kind of see that exactly show up on our provision of uninsured. There will be some relief with the uninsured gaining coverage. But we'll see some continued growth with the business that remains. And there'll be some offset to that with increased bad debts with the higher deductible and co-pays for exchange-like products. That's my best answer...
William B. Rutherford: Yes, Gary. So we said, admissions -- equivalent admissions would range 1% to 2% and revenue per equivalent admissions would run 2% to 3%.
William B. Rutherford: Correct. That would be 7 -- as we step down enrollment, enrollment in our markets, our share kind of equates to 7% to 9% of our current uninsured volume.
William B. Rutherford: Ralph, Bill. So I'll walk you through and kind of do it before answering [indiscernible]. There's kind of 4 subsets of those previously uninsured. I think as Milton said, we're going to resist giving you our exact assumptions under each one of those, knowing that it's fluid and there's offsets and there's different points. But we know there's a subset of that population that is moving into a comparable product with really comparable revenues, so set that aside. There's a subset of that population that's moving into an exchange product. And there's a discount associated with that relative to participation. And there's likely some higher bad debts associated with that, salary deductibles and co-pays. There's a subset of that population to your question that moves into a restricted network. And a portion of those we may see in and out of network basis, given our footprint in the marketplace. And yes, there's an assumption for a portion of those that we lose because they get directed away from our network. But again, I think we're going to resist giving you the exact assumptions as we break that out, knowing that it becomes fluid. And it's part and parcel of a multiple other assumptions we're using in our estimate.
William B. Rutherford: Yes. Gary, this is Bill. Thanks for the question. So we have about 400 Certified Application Counselors throughout our system that continue to screen and counsel patients in our facilities. We definitely have seen that activity ramp up compared to October and November when there were issues with the website. And that continues to be an active part of our reform effort. We continue to evaluate some other outreach efforts for -- within our marketplace for uninsured as well. But the Certified Application Counselor activity continues to counsel a lot of people. And we have seen the assistance in the application increase here in December and January and hoped to see that continue to grow in February and March. It did have a slow start, just given the website piece of that. On presumptive eligibility, we're still working with our states on there. You know some of our states already have presumptive eligibility. There is a certification process and application process that you go through. We think that, ultimately, will just allow us to accelerate some Medicaid applications versus necessarily increase our net-net yield. And so, we're still optimistic on the presumptive eligibility piece.
William B. Rutherford: Yes. So on utilization, I think as Milton mentioned before, we do have a utilization factor built into our model for the newly insured. That's just one of many variables that's in our model, so I'm hesitant to really kind of talk about what that actual utilization factor is. I think we've all read reports about some increased activity. And so we do have a utilization factor in on that piece as we look at that 7% to 9%. But it's one of many variables that's included in our model. Regarding the outreach, principally, our efforts have been around our CACs, our Certified Application Counselors, as people visit our facilities. We have an effort underway in several -- in a couple of markets to do outreach for uninsured patients that have visited our facilities over the past 12 to 18 months. And that includes both outbound calls and other outreach efforts. So I think it's too early to kind of report on the net effect of that. You also may know that we have fairly robust Medicaid eligibility processes already in place at our facilities. So if an individual shows up, we assist them with evaluating coverage options. And if they turn out to be eligible for Medicaid within our states already, we go through a Medicaid eligibility process to assist them to gain coverage. So all of that is part of not only our ongoing operations effort, but some increased activity relative to reform adoption.
William B. Rutherford: Yes. We're still bullish on Parallon. We're seeing our opportunities in our pipeline continue to be out there and the team is really performing well.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. Allow me to maybe help frame a little bit. If you think about this year, 2013, when you look at our self-pay or uninsured revenue, increased by roughly $100 million over '12. When you look at our provision for doubtful accounts, roughly about 70% of that amount in 2013 was used to reserve for self-pay revenue or uninsured revenue, leaving about 30% for co-pay and deductibles for insured patients. So that kind of maybe helps frame how it's growing most recently coming into reform. When I think about reform as well into 2014, I think it's going to be, the benefits will probably be more back-end loaded. There would be probably some small benefit we'll see in the first quarter, growing maybe into the second. But really, we see it as more a third and fourth quarter opportunity for us, quite frankly. So as you think about modeling that 1% to 2%, I see it more of a back-end loaded number for us rather than early here in 2014. And as far as when we think we'll have more clarity about some of these variables, at the very earliest, and this again is the earliest that I would expect and I'm not sure we'll have it then, is midyear. So when we give our -- into the -- in the third quarter of '14, where we're giving second quarter earnings analysis, we might have some more clarity around some of these variables as we see the first 6 months of reform. But again, because I think it's going to be largely back-end loaded, it may be even later into the year. But I'd say, midyear would be the earliest. I don't think we'll have much color based on the first quarter results, frankly.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes, Frank. As far as acquisition impact, based on the pipeline today, I don't think it would be material impact in 2014. You may have read yesterday, or may have been released late last week, that our hospital transaction with Ascension in Kansas City for a 2-hospital transaction, is not going to happen, could not get the FTC clearance. So that deal is off. Of course, we are integrating our 3 hospitals in the Tampa market that we acquired from IASIS in 2013. I don't expect those -- those are built in to our guidance since we did have those -- acquired those by the end of the year. Those are built in. So right now, I don't expect -- hopefully, something will come up here in 2014 that will be attractive for us. But nothing in the pipeline that I think will be material as of today.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. Gary, this is Milton. I mean, so the stat that Bill gave you is just the coverage statistic and we have other assumptions in the model around utilization from the population that gains coverage. So that's an independent variable from the overall coverage variable.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. Justin, if you walk down the low end and the high end of our guidance, adjusting for the 3 items that we've identified, HITECH revenue, if you back out $120 million out of both sides of our guidance there for 2014, you back out the share -- or add back the share-based comp expense of $168 million to each side. And then, if you use the 1% to 2% of EBITDA, you'll get a range of $65 million to $130 million for health care reform. And so, if you adjust the high and the low for that, what I get -- we do that math and compare it to the adjusted number for '13, is at the low end we've got a growth rate implied of 1.75%; and on the high end, a growth rate implied, about 4.6%. So our -- that would be -- and that would be our core range there. So this year, we've guided ranging from our guidance from 1.75% to 4.6%. Clearly, when you think about the point estimate in that range, it would be in the 3% to 5% zone.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes, Justin. We're not going to disclose the detailed assumptions. What we wanted to do this morning was to give you, obviously, the projected impact on 2014 EBITDA. Bill walked through the 4 main variables of reform, one of which being the percentage in the exchange enrollment that's newly insured. But we're not going to disclose that level of our model. And we want some experience to see how it plays out over time, of course. But we're not going to disclose the detailed assumptions of those key variables at this point in time.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. I think, too, one thing to think about here as health care reform is being implemented across the nation and, of course, we all read about and saw the disruption in the individual market. And so we have factored that in, into our guidance. The question I would have is, is that disruption a onetime event? So it may be an event that may have more impact here in 2014 than in later years. But again, you have to see that play out.
R. Milton Johnson: Let me make couple of comments on Parallon. Bill, I'll ask you to maybe comment, as well, before we go to the exchange positioning. First of all, I think that Parallon, actually, is moving very well, going very well. We think about 2014, we've got The Outsource Group, our acquisition to complete the integration into Parallon and we see some upside there of course with that. With respect to LifePoint implementation, it continues to move on schedule and we should be fully implemented with LifePoint in 2014. And then of course, we are starting to build out of our service center for CHP in Cincinnati and that is on schedule and underway. And looking forward to starting that transition into the consolidated environment for CHP. So things at Parallon are moving very well and on track with our expectations.
R. Milton Johnson: I think, again, we've -- we've added, I think, again, the number of hospitals we have in each level at the lowest or second lowest tier. But Juan, any other comments you have about or knowledge you have about...
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. Let me just add with respect to reform. Obviously, over the coming year, we're going to continue to monitor the actual exchange volume, understand utilization, the bad debt, the capture of the other network share. And also with respect to Parallon, monitoring our revenue cycle capabilities to make sure that we can be effective in collecting the patient portions of any out-of-pocket that is due from this newly insured group. And again, we'll continue to look at opportunities to be in more networks in the exchange as we go through 2014. And then, as we see how our strategy is playing out, we'll be evaluating our strategy market-by-market and could make changes if we feel like that we would be better positioned in the network. So there's a number of moving parts with respect to our reform strategy as we enter in 2014. And I'm sure those strategies will be considered and be constantly reviewed, as well, throughout the year.
