Samuel Hazen: Good morning. As mentioned earlier, volume growth accelerated in the fourth quarter as compared to the previous three quarters of the year. We believe this performance reflects a combination of solid execution of our growth agenda, our operating teams, improving macroeconomic trends in many of our markets, and capital spending that has been invested both to increase access to our networks and to add operational capacity. There were some additional factors that contributed to the quarter's accelerating growth. First, we had a return to normal seasonality trend. Typically, fourth quarter volumes trends are over the third quarter by approximately 1.5%. In 2013, this did not happen, which created a favorable comparison for 2014. Secondly, admissions with the flu-related diagnosis were up 77%, which drove approximately 40 basis points of our overall growth. And finally, the anniversary of the CMS 2-Midnight Rule occurred in this quarter. These factors overlap somewhat, but I wanted to highlight them. Growth in volume was broad-based across most of the company's market and it was also broad-based across the various service lines of our business. On a year-over-year basis, for the quarter, all of our 14 domestic divisions had growth in admissions, both in adjusted admissions and growth in emergency room visits. All but one of our divisions had growth in managed care and exchange admissions and adjusted admissions. All divisions had growth in emergency room visits for these payer classes. All of our divisions had growth in inpatient surgeries and 10 had growth in hospital-based outpatient surgeries. Most of them had some level of surgical growth with notable growth in orthopedics, vascular and general surgery services. Our Ambulatory Surgery Division had continued softness in the quarter. Surgeries were down 2.6%. Deliveries for the quarter were up 3.7%, with 10 divisions showing growth. Managed care and exchange deliveries were up almost 11%. All divisions had growth in these payer classes. Other categories of our business were strong also. Neonatal admissions grew 9.5%. Behavioral health admissions were up 9%. Rehab admissions were up 9.7%. And finally, average length of stay grew about 0.9%, reflecting the higher case mix and acuity of our admissions. Market share trends for the company for the 12 month period ended June 30, 2014, are generally consistent with past trends. Market share grew by 10 basis points to slightly above 24%, with approximately 60% of our markets increasing share across most of the service line categories. Of particular note is the rebound in overall inpatient demand, which increased in the second quarter across HCA's markets by slightly over 1%. Commercial demand was even more notable, with an increase of 3.5%. Demand in the prior two quarters of this 12 month period was down. HCA has a comprehensive growth agenda that we believe is driving results. We continue to invest in it at appropriate levels. In 2015, we will be increasing our capital expenditures to around $2.4 billion. This increase will provide more capital in our markets to add inpatient bed capacity, increase emergency room capacity and add equipment for our nurses and sergeants. In certain markets, the capital spending will be deployed through new hospitals and new outpatient facilities. In addition to the increasing capital spending, we are making investments in other aspects of our business and will require additional operating expenses in 2015. We believe these investments are strategic and will have a positive impact for the company in the future. The three months prominent investments are in the following areas. First, the company is implementing a new human resource model, we call it oneHR, that will leverage the company's scale and consolidate certain administrative functions, such as recruiting and training. Once implemented, we believe this effort will enhance our workforce and help our facilities deliver better care more efficiently. The second area is related to our information systems. The company is making additional investments for information system that we believe will provide a better user experience for our physicians. Additionally, we expect these investments will create more robust clinical data that we can leverage across our business to improve quality, increase efficiencies and drive growth. And finally, the company is making an investment to implement the new ICD-10 coding requirements, which go into effect later this year. These operational initiatives plus a few smaller ones represent approximately $100 million in additional cost in 2015. With that, let me turn the call back to Bill.
Samuel Hazen: Let me add one thing to that. On the Medicaid side, I think that's entirely the case. We haven't really seen a significant change in Medicaid activity and behavior. So the emergency room heavily, they struggle to get access to physicians in some markets. So that dynamic still exists. On the uninsured, who have gained access to commercial insurance products, we have seen less utilization of the emergency room and more availability to other facility opportunities or physician opportunities. And that's been slight, but significant enough for us to notice that when they do get commercial insurance, there is different ability to access care through physician office or possibly through urgent care centers and the like and not through the emergency room. So that has been noticeable. Is it material yet? No. Could it possible develop over time? And again, that's part of the reason we are looking at other alternative facility acquisitions and development in urgent care and so forth, so that we're prepared for that dynamic, if in fact it does occur.
Samuel Hazen: I think if you do short circuit, the volume assumptions at the company had build into its 2015 play and its 2015 guidance. It's really on the particular point. First is that we do think that the market play is going to revert back to sort of normal demand growth. In some of that is the macroeconomic picture, but some of it is normalized activity with respective flus and so forth as we've seen from one quarter to the other. So that's going to generate we think, somewhat between the half of point of growth in overall demand. And then if you look at our market share trends, over the past 24 to 36 months, we've tended to pick up 20 basis points to 25 basis points in market share maybe as a good metric over time. So when you put that together, it puts us in the range of our volume guidance. We have numerous initiatives that should drive growth into marketplace, and Milton touched on them, it revolves around creating sufficient access points to our networks, so that patients can find it convenient to enter into an HCA network. So we have significant investments in additional outpatient access points. In 2015, that will hit the marketplace. Additionally, we are making sure that our networks within each of our markets have a comprehensive array of service line, so that they can take care of a patient, if needed within any particular service line somewhere within our network. Again, we're adding capability there with different kind of service line offering there both deeper income statement and broader in others. And then the third piece is related to our physician strategy, when we're working with our physicians to add physicians to our medical staff or to create better alignment through different technologies and different relationships and so forth, and that we believe is rounding out the growth strategy. So if you underpin that with more capital going into the market, we think those are the basic elements that will continue to support market share gains and industry-leading growth.
Samuel Hazen: In short, we have evaluated the effects of the energy economy, if you will, and what implications it presents for us in Texas. In Texas, economy we believe is significantly more diversified today than it was in years past. Having said that, the Houston market, in particular, is the market that's most susceptible we believe to the energy dynamics are up, but in the face of all of that we've done the diversification in Houston as well. And our overall believe is in 2015, we're not going to have a dramatic impact on trends in Texas. And so we have not factored in any kind of significant trend change in any of our markets with respect to our assumptions in those particular cities. Again, Houston is the most impacted we believe and we think our strategies are very solid there, and we'll be able endure some modest change in their economy. And that has been one of the better economies across HCA, when you look market activity and economic growth and so forth. Houston, that's obviously the most significant economy by itself. And you do see that reducing, but the effect of that is not going to be material. End of Q&A
Milton Johnson: I'll start up with that and then Bill and Sam maybe want to add some comments. Yes, it is at the higher-end of our 3% to 5% growth that we have been stating for a number of years now, which we expect certain years to obviously do a little bit better, maybe other years a little bit less, but we think that's a reasonable zone. And we did guide to the high-end of that range this year. Now, I think it's reflective of our marketplace, as you know, the capital that we're spending, we've increased our capital spend over the last couple of years. Again, we're seeing a macroeconomic improvement in many of our markets. We've talked about that over the last several months. We're seeing our volume in that 2% to 3% range that we're guiding, coming off of year we were 2.9% this year for the year. So we think all those things, the acquisitions we've made and some of the tuck-in acquisitions, the acquisition of CareNow, all those things providing us to I think come in a core growth near the top or at the top of our 3% to 5% expectation.
Milton Johnson: I know there are a lot of moving parts to this, so let me try to walk you through and simplify as best I can. In the third quarter, due to inquiry and payment deferral, we reduced the Medicaid revenues and our related expected receivables that we have previously recorded, due to that uncertainty. The Medicaid program is on a 10-month fiscal year, so our adjustments we booked in the third quarter really related to the September 30, 2014, yearend in what we have previously recorded. As I mentioned, based on the activity we saw on the fourth quarter, the $161 million payment [indiscernible] related to the '14 fiscal year gave us confidence in restoring our estimate for that program here. So what we're really talking about is reducing our revenue recognition for the program years in 2015 and potentially even 2016, depending on how the inquiry unfolds. And so the reduced revenue is about $35 million in the fourth quarter and the effective reduce in our revenue recognition year-over-year is about $70 million from 2015. So how I would think about it is, majority of that reduction that we're recognizing between '15 and '14 is because of some uncertainty around the inquiry on a go-forward basis. We hope to have some insight and maybe even clarity on the extent of that inquiry going forward and will adjust that as necessary, but in essence what we're doing is reducing our revenue curve going forward in light of some of those ongoing inquiries going forward. So I think $70 million is the number used year-over-year, and if that returns favorably, then we'll re-examine revenue that we should record going through the '15 year.
Milton Johnson: It is. And Kevin, as I tried to mentioned, there is a lot of variables that go into it. We try to simplify, just taking our run rate up by a level, and clearly we're factoring it in kind of new contracts, potentially new access. There is also other factors that we talked about in the past, some potential current yield declines or payment declines, as you participate in some of those networks to slight degree, some in fact are Medicaid expansions. So we've factored all of those variables into our estimate. We're trying to just characterize by the run rate plus enrollment. But it is being adjusted for both, the increased network participation and offset a little bit by some yield differentials in payments for the previously insured commercial product as compared to exchange product.
Milton Johnson: Andrew, we key off really what our current experience is and as we talked through before what we do is look back at exchange patients level we've seen this year, look back how we've previously seen them and what was their status when we saw them. And that's what we're coming up with our estimate of about 42% on a yearly basis of the patients we saw in exchanges who are newly insured. We're clearly keeping tack of various reports that are out there about year or two. And one of the key variables will be -- is the new large in year two really be similar on a percentage newly insured, can they potentially be greater than the numbers in year one. And we know that's a variable. But our assumption right now is based on the best experience we have, which is what we're actually seeing. As a corollary, maybe related to your question, we are making outreach efforts within our communities to help people explore gaining access to coverage. And as we did talk about I think on our last quarter's call, we stepped up our efforts this year as compared to what we were doing last year. We've partnered with several national agencies. We've made a lot of outbound efforts in terms of e-mail, letters, even personal contact, helping people register within community events, and helping people explore access to coverage and made it available to them either through expanded Medicaid or health insurance changes. I characterize those efforts as much better than we've had in year one. We sometimes lose visibility in how much of those actually yielded in enrollment, but the patients that were new were very, very impressed that we were able to have some traction on the communities and for our previously uninsured patients that we serve. So we probably know this is a variable keeping track of. If it turns out national enrollment is more favorable than that, then our experienced kind of yields that. Then I would hope our advantage is greater, but right now we're going on the assumption base than based on our actual experience.
Milton Johnson: Of course, Darren, we've been dealing with some paper performance elements in our Medicare reimbursement. Now, for the last few years, we do well with that. Of course, that's a small percentage of the overall Medicare revenue. In our managed care contracts, many of our managed care have paper performance and those contracts typically impacts the amount of the annual increase, it maybe a 0.5% or a certain amount of the increased subject to achieving certain performance metrics. And again, we perform well with those metrics. When I talk about the bigger picture, the value in healthcare, and I mentioned this in my opening comments, we realize that with changes in healthcare, increasing consumers in the healthcare that we need to provide greater quality in service and value. And so if you look at our agenda around quality, our agenda around patient service, our ability to deliver care efficiently, our facilities, the investments we're making in technology, all these things, clinical excellence, all these things I think are reflective of an organization that's focused on improving the outcomes and service to our patients and therefore providing more value for the healthcare dollar. So I feel very comfortable that we're making the right investments to be able to operate effectively in an environment where it's, say, more value-based, based on quality outcomes and delivering value to the patients or to the payers or to the employers. Today not a lot of our revenue quite frankly is subject to that. Again, it's implemental in certain contracts. But we are preparing the organization to be able to perform in that environment, if we see the marketplace change. Number one, it's good business, it's what we should be focused on, quality and service to the patients, as I said is our number one priority and it will continue to be in the foreseeable future.
Milton Johnson: In terms of factoring into guidance, we are only including the states that have expanded Medicaid. So we're not making the guess on where others are. We do have a small physician in Indiana and it appears that Indiana is moving forward, so that's very good moves. Here in Tennessee you're probably all aware that a special session of the legislature began last night. Governor Haslam is working very, very hard and many are working with him to try to help our state legislatures understand how important this is to the state of Tennessee and benefits that would accrue to many across states. So we're hopeful and reasonably optimistically hope that that can get passed here early, but we have not put any of that into our numbers. We'll obviously continue to watch other states and be supportive where we can be.
Milton Johnson: Probably your view is good as mine. There are some who support it and some who don't and we don't necessarily think it happened this year, but your guess again would be as good as mine.
Milton Johnson: Well, as I have said for the last several years, we're interested in the opportunity to grow through acquisitions have the right market dynamics, and recourse with the right pricing discipline. Quite frankly we haven't seen a lot of opportunities, what I call needle-moving opportunities. We've had a few, and in many cases, the seller decided not to pursue other transactions. So we remain hopeful that we'll see some good opportunities. But as I've said many times in the past if we don't have the opportunities to grow through acquisitions, we'll continue to invest in our existing markets and see our capital spend increase for 2015, up to about $2.4 billion. We have opportunities to grow organically. We've been doing that in recent years. We'll continue to do that. We're fortunate to have markets that are growing. We're seeing some improvement in demand for services. And again, with our growth strategies, we feel confident we can continue to have solid organic growth as expressed in our guidance for this year. Also, with our strong cash flows, as Bill mentioned, we do have the opportunity to return cash to shareholders on a regular basis. Most recently, we've been doing that with share repurchases the $1.75 billion that we accomplished in '14, and this morning announcing another $1 billion share repurchase. So we've had a very diverse capital deployment strategy since coming back into the public market in 2011. And we will continue to do that. We try to continue to take advantage of the opportunities that the market presents. And use our balance sheet, the good position we have on our balance sheet appropriately to increase shareholder value.
Milton Johnson: Thank you everyone and we look forward to hearing from you. And Mark will be here all day, if you're willing to chat. Thank you and have a great week
William Rutherford: Let me try to walk you through it and do the best I can on it and I'll try to lay out some detail on the commentary. As I look at reform, we said it contributed about 4.5% of our growth in 2014. That clearly ramps in the second half of the year, leveled out to Q3 and Q4. So a little bit higher towards the backend of that number you can estimate. As we think about watching our reform, 2014 we saw a ramp up of volume, low in Q1, ramps through our Q2, and really leveled out in Q3 and Q4. So a simple way we look at our estimate is, first, by annualizing our Q4 run rate, and that utilization makes up about half of our increase alone. And then we're estimating the new enrollment numbers on top of that. And I know we're all keeping an eye on this. We're roughly keying off HHS total enrollment projection of around 10 million, up from 7 million or so in 2014. That's obviously nationally, so we did try to make some assumptions and distract enrollments trends in our markets. So keying off this, we potentially might see a 40% to 50% increase in total enrollment. We don't expect to see that kind of volume increase day one, so we're back to our assumption on volume ramping through Q1 and Q2, and with this we might see an expected increase, let's say, 30% to 35% on top of our Q4 run rate. So, yes, a large portion of that growth will be weighted towards Q1 and Q2, and then you might see that 30% or so growth overall run rates for the Q3 and Q4. So year-on-year growth is probably a little bit between the first quarter and second quarter. And half of it is coming from or half of the growth is coming from the utilization effect and the other half coming from our assumption around increased enrollment.
William Rutherford: I think cash flow from ops would be in a range of between $4 billion and $4.5 billion. And I don't have minority interest handy [indiscernible]. I'll get to you, Justin.
William Rutherford: If I could add one thing to that, we have been fairly active in outpatient acquisitions and other type of facility acquisitions that complement our networks within each of our markets and we'll continue to be opportunistic in that particular area, because it's very accretive to the local market and it creates better platform for our provider systems locally. And no, that opportunities are not material in and of themselves, but they do add value over time and create different relationships with patients and different relationships with physicians.
William Rutherford: I'll try not to walk into something. I think we tried to walkthrough really some of the moving parts that we have prepared for '15 and '14. And that puts us, as I think mentioned before, at high end of our traditional range of 3% to 5%, perhaps a little bit lower than what we posted in the past year or so. So reform, clearly, I would tell you there is still remain variables on reform. It turned out better throughout 2014, and we anticipate it going into 2014, but there's so many variables that go into it. It's our operational trends, volumes and rates as well as how some of these kind of moving parts unfold on us. And I think there is more probably right now has some of the most variability to it.
William Rutherford: Yes. So in our expansion states, it's leveled off. We saw the majority of the benefit in the third quarter in the state. The uninsured declines in our expansion states are still in that 60% level, so we're kind of leveled off at that. So I'd say they have found their level right now. I think that's contributed significantly to the company's overall uninsured trends. And I'm not so sure what we'll see in a year two in those expansion states in terms of the year-over-year growth. I think there is probably still some more room for uninsured to gain access to coverage in year two in those expansion states. Clearly it won't be as dramatic as we experienced this year. So I think for the most part, it probably found its level. We seem to be in the fourth quarter about where we were in third quarter. So we might see some incremental benefit going into the year with more uninsured gain couch in those expansion states, but its still 60% to 65% decline that we saw in the fourth quarter.
William Rutherford: The remaining uninsured, I can't say I've seen anything different in their behavior. We have identified that cliff, and our outbound efforts this year were trying to help people, in that situation understand access and availability that walk in for coverage. But I don't think we've seen any change in their behavior.
William Rutherford: Let me try to address the first part. As we mentioned, our overall volume guidance is 2% to 3% of equivalent admission growth for the year. You asked specifically around health reform volume contribution to that, we alluded to kind of our health reform build to 50% to 60% year-over-year, a little bit north of that. That is reflecting equalization of the growth, principally in the Q1 and Q2 time, and then anticipating on an average basis about 30% to 35% growth in enrollment. So that has helped fueling some of our increased volume growth for the company. Sam, I'll let you comment on the economic.
