Victor L. Campbell: All right. Travis, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer, and I would like to welcome everyone on today's call, including those of you listening to the webcast. With me here this morning, as usual, our President and CEO, Milton Johnson; CFO and Executive VP, Bill Rutherford; and Sam Hazen, President of Operations. And then we have several other members of the senior management team with us as well to assist during the Q&A. Before I turn the call over to Milton, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they're based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks and uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. And this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Milton Johnson.
Victor L. Campbell: Justin, nice try. You know it's better than that. And actually, we don't do much on the quarterly or the monthly trends. We did do a little bit on the...
Victor L. Campbell: Brian, I'll take that. It appears, as of yesterday, I think most of you were aware of the press conference that was held, that it appears that they have come to a compromise. The conferees have come together. We're hopeful that maybe before they leave on their August recess, they will pass a piece of legislation. I think they're talking about a bill that's around $12 billion. Good news is we're not being asked to pay for it. The largest portion of it's emergency funding. So we think it's good. It's good for veterans. Exactly how it will play out, what the opportunities will be for private care, yet to be seen. As we've told you in the past, we are well positioned in a number of cities and some states, where there is a good veteran population. So we're there to serve. We've got some contracts now. And we would anticipate that we will be participating to some degree once it passes.
Victor L. Campbell: All right, Bill, thank you. Thank everyone. Thank everyone, on the call, and Mark Kimbrough is anxiously awaiting all of your calls. So you all have a great day.
Samuel N. Hazen: Good morning. I'll begin my comments this morning with more detail on same facilities volume for the quarter, and then provide a quick update on market share trends for the company. As mentioned earlier, our volumes improved in the quarter. This improvement was broad-based across most of the company's markets, and we believe it reflects a combination of solid execution of our growth agenda by our operating teams, improving macroeconomic trends in many of our markets and capital spending that has been deployed, both to increase access to our networks and to add operational capacity. For the quarter, 9 of our 14 domestic divisions had growth in admissions. 2 were essentially flat and 3 were down. 9 of 14 divisions had growth in managed care and exchange admissions. 3 were essentially flat and 2 were down. 11 of our domestic divisions had growth in adjusted admissions. Of the remaining 3 divisions, 1 was flat. All but 2 divisions had growth in managed care and exchange adjusted admissions. 13 out of 14 divisions had growth in emergency room visits, and all divisions had growth in managed care and exchange emergency room visits. Growth in inpatient surgery volumes was generally consistent across our divisions. All but 4 divisions, were up for the quarter. Orthopedics, cardiovascular and neuroscience service lines had solid growth. Hospital-based outpatient surgeries were up slightly, while surgeries in our ambulatory surgery division were down 1%. Deliveries for the quarter grew 2.2%, which is consistent with the first quarter's growth. However, managed care and exchange deliveries grew 7.3%, which is an improvement in the rate of growth, as compared to the first quarter. These trends were generally consistent across most divisions. Neonatal admissions grew 9.3% in the quarter, behavioral service admissions grew 6.5% and rehabilitation services grew 10.5%. And finally, average length of stay increased 1.9%, which reflects the increased acuity that was mentioned previously. Now let me transition to some market share highlights for the 12 months ended December 2013. Once again, this information is the most current information available, and represents approximately 90% of the company's markets. Inpatient market share for the company grew 17 basis points to 24.1%. The company gained share in 13 of 18 service lines. We gained share in 54% of our markets, with growth in 8 of our top 10 earning markets. Market share in the commercial segment improved modestly. And then during this period, overall market demand at HCA's markets declined 45 basis points, reflecting the effects of leap year and a softer flu season in the fourth quarter. HCA has a comprehensive growth agenda, and we continue to invest in it with capital, people, technology and best practices. As a result, we believe our local networks are positioned well to continue in competing effectively in their respective markets and delivering high-quality care. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Vic.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, I mean, the fact that most of our divisions had volume growth speaks to the geographic dispersion of our performance, and the fact that it was fairly consistent across the company. I'm trying to think at how to say it any different than I've already said it, Justin. If you look inside the divisions, the one market where we had some difficulties -- actually, we had 2 markets where we had a little bit of difficulties inside of certain divisions from an admission standpoint, and that was DFW in Denver. And we have specific explanations as to what's going on there, and we feel like we're in pretty good shape with our response. But when you look across the states in total though, we had solid performance in Florida. We had solid performance in Nevada. We had solid performance in most of our Texas markets, in California. So we had really broad-based overall performance on most of our volume metrics, which is encouraging. And again, I think it reflects to the factors that I mentioned on the call.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, I need to speak yet to the, I guess, the managed care strategy, I mean, exchange strategy. Again, I think what -- our first year, we're very pleased with the results so far of our strategy for 2014. As I mentioned, in my comments, we definitely will be expanding with United in the state of Texas, with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas also as an expansion of exchange networks there. And I think, as I've said, we're in discussions with all the major plans regarding exchange contracting for 2015. So I think you will continue to see our contracts and our networks evolve over time as we watch the marketplace. So I don't see it as a static, I see it as something that we'll be looking at on a continuous basis, and hopefully being able to improve our position, which I think today is already well-positioned.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, we've said over time, we expect the acuity of our inpatient business to grow simply because there are technologies and other venues for certain lower acuity business that can be moved into the outpatient arena and so forth. So from that standpoint, there's going to be a natural increase, we believe, in our acuity metric, which is the case mix index. Having said that, the company is very intentional about developing more capabilities inside of our service lines, deepening the capability with more tertiary and quaternary level capabilities. And that effort continues to evolve. We continue to invest in that in a very significant way with physician strategy, with the facility investment and technology investment. And so that is an ongoing piece of our business and drives our case mix also. The trends that you saw in the quarter are fairly consistent with what we've seen in the past few quarters. And we're generally in line with our internal expectations on our case mix index.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, nothing materially changed in our growth agenda. I mean, we've been very consistent in how we've designed our growth agenda within each of our local markets. I mean, it centers around creating a sufficient and adequate access to our facilities, creating, as I said previously, a comprehensive array of service lines, and then being very intentional about physician engagement strategies in responding to our physician community in a very substantial way. And those components are getting resourced at a very high level. We've increased our capital spending, as you've heard before. We've increased organizational talent within the company to support these initiatives, and we're building it on a platform that we believe is very competitive around how we've developed quality initiatives, patient satisfaction initiatives, efficiency initiatives and so forth. So the combination of that is consistent and being executed, we think, very, very effectively. We're actually in the process of doing midyear reviews, which is something we do routinely. And we will continue to evaluate and determine what adjustments, if any, are needed in our individual local market strategies.
Samuel N. Hazen: Let me start, and then, Juan, you can fill in the gaps here. At this particular point in time, for 2015, we have approximately 3/4 of our overall commercial book negotiated and contracted at consistent terms, consistent pricing and then consistent network configuration. So we haven't seen any substantial change in our core commercial book. As it relates to evolving strategies with payors, we're always interested in working with our payor partners on developing approaches that make sense for them, that make sense for us. But outside of the exchanges, we're not seeing any significant changes in the overall configuration of our managed care contract. We're actually about 40% contracted for 2016. That, too, is very consistent with past practices and even 2015's strategies. Within the exchanges, as Milton said, we continue to evolve, and we think there are opportunities in certain markets where different network configurations may make sense for us. And as we look today, we probably have about 60% access to all the contracts inside the exchanges within our market. My estimation is that we'll grow some with the United announcement and some of the other payor announcement. And so we are looking to expand that in an appropriate way. And as we study and learn more about how the exchange business is developing within each of our markets, we'll be able to adjust that strategy appropriately.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, I think, clearly, the leverage, the operating leverage of the company will showcase this quarter with a significant margin expansion given the revenue that we had. So our clearance on that incremental revenue was very positive, A.J. Underneath that, though, I'm proud of what our operating teams are doing to drive efficiencies, recognizing that that's just a core responsibility of our team, and we have numerous agendas, as I've mentioned before, where I think we're continuing to find opportunities in our supply chain. We continue to find opportunities. For example, we're expanding aspects of our supply chain into pharmaceutical distribution and pharmaceutical warehousing, where we think we can gain a better control over our drug inventory and our drug distribution within our systems. That frees up our pharmacy managers to work with our physicians on better formulary management and so forth, on our clinical excellence agenda, where we are moving on certain service lines to improve really the performance of the service line. We're finding opportunities to create clinical processes that are more efficient, more effective for our patients, and at the same time, producing cost results. And I think we've gotten smarter about a couple of other agenda items inside the company, and that's helped us manage the cost trends. And in particular, that's with our physician strategy, where we've been able to come up with some creative ways to accomplish our physician initiatives and our overall engagement there, and the combination of all that has been powerful. And then obviously, on labor, I mean, labor management is a day-to-day thing. Our teams are incredibly well-equipped and capable at executing on that. And you saw a very effective deployment of different elements of our labor management strategies to drive margin expansion on that front. And then the final thing I would say is, and I mentioned it a couple of calls ago, where we have deployed our process improvement teams from the corporate office into each of our divisions. And I think that's going to be a very innovative organizational solution for HCA, where it brings expertise in different areas. It puts our process improvement teams more closely aligned with our operating teams in the field as opposed to the episodic approach that we had in the past. And that structure is going to assist us with finding new opportunities, in my estimation, in helping us maintain our cost.
Samuel N. Hazen: Well, I think we need to pull the demand discussion up a little higher than just the exchange piece. And when you look at HCA's markets, and we've talked about this before, I mean, we think we have some great markets. We think the trends within those markets are improving, and we're seeing some of that in the results in the second quarter. And so the demand discussion, I think, is more relevant at the top than it is just inside of the small subset of our overall business. And we're encouraged by the developments in a lot of our markets, and we're hopeful that we'll continue to see positive signs there.
William B. Rutherford: Yes. Justin, on your uninsured, uninsured admissions for the quarter were down 14.7%. And year-to-date, we're down 6.6% for the company. If I look at just the expansion states, and we look at really a year-to-date trend, year-to-date Medicaid volume in those expansion states is up 32%, and our uninsured volume in those expansion states are down 48%.
William B. Rutherford: But we had some calendar differences across the quarter. So we had more business days in the month of June than we did last year. So June was naturally higher as a result of the calendar effects. But if you normalize for that, we had fairly consistent performance across each of the months in the quarter.
William B. Rutherford: Josh, this is Bill. I'll take the first part of the question. As we went through the first quarter, we talked about the progression doubling each month. We saw that continuing to the early part of April. We purposely wanted to give you the monthly ones because it is starting to, month over month, taper off. Part of the uncertainty of where will that go for the balance of the year and what will be that trend line, I think it's fair in our projections that we project that to slow, and in terms of its month-over-month growth, and unclear if it's hit its high watermark yet. But in our outlook for health reform, we are looking to taper that off at least for the balance of the year.
William B. Rutherford: Yes, Texas showed great growth during the quarter, a couple of points, which was higher than the company average. We are seeing Medicaid growth in Texas, which is in line with what the company average is, as you mentioned in line with the enrollment. And a decent amount of exchange volume as well throughout the state of Texas.
William B. Rutherford: Great. Thanks, Whit. So let me give you a little bit of commentary on that. And as you know, we're in the third year of a 5-year waiver program for Texas. The second year ended 9/30 of '13. The payments we've received under the waiver program are funded by these intergovernmental transfers from taxing districts and other district hospitals. And the IGT amounts to fund any waiver payment can vary based on several different variables that we don't always have visibility into. And so we did have an accrual on the books, but the amounts that we received were in excess of the amounts that we had accrued for, and it did relate for the year-end 9/30 of '13. So we view that as kind of a onetime adjustment. We have current accruals that we recognize that are reflective of what we think our best estimate is based on the current payment schedule.
William B. Rutherford: I'll try, and then people can add on. I think that is one of the variables where there's a lot of uncertainty in. And we read about it, that's what we're keeping our eyes on. I think one can kind of argue that as people get newly insured, there may be some pent-up demand. And so in the early periods of coverage, that's where you start to see some of the higher demand and maybe some of the outpatient and others trails off. And I think the uncertainty around the future of health reform is that's just a factor of utilization trends we're going to have to monitor. As we look forward and see really the progression throughout the early periods of health reform, we have seen higher utilization rates than maybe we originally anticipated. Where do they go for the balance of the year? We are making some assumptions that the month-over-month grow will moderate, but will still grow. So I think we'll just have to continue to rely on the inpatient demand versus there might be a trailing outpatient demand for that new coverage.
William B. Rutherford: Kevin, this is Bill. I'll try to answer that. So when we went in and gave our original guidance in January, there were clearly a lot of uncertainties as we went into health reform. Enrollment in exchanges was uncertain at the time, the kind of what the utilization patterns were being newly insured. And we talked through that in our January call. So a couple of things have kind of been updated now that we've got 6 months or so of experience. I think one of the first ones is enrollment was greater than we originally anticipated. At the time in January, we were sitting there with probably 2.5 million, 3 million people enrolled in exchanges and used some assumptions, as you know, bouncing off CBO estimates, and we saw that exceed. So I think that is really a key driver. And then the corresponding utilization and how it ramped up was probably a little bit more. It happened a lot faster than maybe we anticipated. And then I'd say the other third variable would be is in the Medicaid expansion states, the shift into the decline in uninsureds and the increase in Medicaid in those 4 expansion states, even though it's a relatively small percentage of our footprint, about 12% of our beds. I think that change in mix happened quicker than maybe originally anticipated. So those are really, I think, the 3 major variables that as we've got 6 months now of reform experience. And this has caused us to revise what our original estimates were in January, where we didn't have a lot of visibility into those factors.
William B. Rutherford: This is Bill. Your numbers were correct on that in terms of the uninsured in our non-expansion states. And so we did see some developments occur through there. You still have some Medicaid access and health exchanges of newly insured that is affecting the uninsured declines in our non-expansion states as well. So we read those as positive developments as well. Relative to the out-of-network, in-network, still the majority of our exchanged volume is in network. We are seeing some of that on an out-of-network basis. And our kind of collection rates of our exchange population is really consistent with the collection patterns that we are seeing for our entire book of business.
R. Milton Johnson: Well, I think Sam gave a very thorough answer to the question, but I'll maybe just highlight one aspect. And one thing that we're doing today, and I think we're early stages into it, is using data analytics and big data techniques in terms with our clinical agenda. And what we're seeing is improved outcomes, improved quality, but also, I think, improving cost as a result. So it's a win-win. I think we're early into that. Sam mentioned clinical excellence. That's a program. I think that illustrates that very well. And so we're excited about the future as we continue that. We're adding physician talent to support that as well, as well as technology talent. So that's an area, I think, over the coming years, you will hear more about. And we're now seeing, I think, the early stages of the benefits of some of that work.
R. Milton Johnson: Yes. To Sam's point about pulling it up, so let's pull up and think about in our markets the overall economy, and we're seeing improvement in the economy. And I've got a few stats here. These are from national bureaus and the like and data banks. But -- and unfortunately, national data's more current than state and then down to the MSA level, but just to give you a couple. So one thing we look at is sales tax growth. So if you look at our -- HCA's top 6 states, in 4 of the 6, we are seeing sales tax growth equal or exceeding the national averages, are 67% of our top 6 states. If you look at birth rate changes, they're in our top 6 states. 50% of our 3 of our top 6 states where we operate, again, growth higher than the national averages or benchmarks. And then just on the MSAs, and I think these 2 are very important, overall unemployment percent are -- now you go to the MSA level, look in HCA's top 10 markets, 100% or 10 out of 10 of our markets have overall unemployment rates that are lower than the national averages. And if you look at the trend change and how that's changing, in 6 of our 10 top markets, we're seeing improvement faster than the national averages. So I think that gives us some view that some of this improvement may be based upon some underlying improvement in the economies in some of our markets and states where we do business.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. No questions on our capital allocation. And I thought it was interesting. Now this is the third anniversary quarter since our IPO in 2011. And just looking at the amount of cash flow generated and the allocation of that capital, I thought, was an interesting point. Our net cash provided by operating activities since the IPO in 2011 is $12.5 billion of cash flow from operations. Our first priority has been to reinvest in our existing markets, existing assets and expanding our access points in our markets. And there, we have spent $6.1 billion of cash. Acquisitions, $2.4 billion of cash in the past 3 years, most of that being the HealthONE acquisition a few years ago. Special dividends, distributions to stockholders, $3.2 billion. And then repurchase of our common stock, I mentioned in my comments that in the last 9 months, we had repurchased $1.25 billion. But over the last 3 years, that actually totals just under $2.8 billion of share repurchase. So I think that what this illustrates over the last 3 years, the company has been very opportunistic in terms of its capital allocation methodology and approach. And I see that's what we will continue to do in the future.
