Victor Campbell: All right. Cassandra, thank you very much and good morning, everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer and I would like to welcome everyone on today's call including those of you listening to our webcast. With me here this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Milton Johnson; Sam Hazen, our Chief Operating Officer; and Bill Rutherford, our CFO and Executive Vice President. Before I turn the call over to Milton, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they're based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Several of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. On this morning's call, we may reference measures such as adjusted EBITDA and net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc., including losses and gains on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and legal claims which are non-GAAP financial measures. A table providing supplemental information on adjusted EBITDA and reconciling net income attributable to HCA Holdings, Inc. to adjusted EBITDA is included in our third quarter earnings release which I hope all of you have seen this morning. The call is being recorded, a replay will be available later today. So with that, I will turn the call over to Milton.
Victor Campbell: Sam, thanks. Kevin, thank you. Just let me add that, as you can clearly hear from Sam's description, we clearly understand the issues in the quarter with respect to labor cost. I can tell you the organization is highly focused on making as many corrective actions as possible, as quickly as possible. Productivity, we can react to that more timely. Contract labor, more of a mid-term, intermediate term and we expect to make short term improvements. But to get back to where we were may take more of an intermediate term but we are definitely understanding issues and I think we are doing everything reasonably possible to address them.
Victor Campbell: Sorry, Frank. I will go ahead and do this. I guess number one, I think everybody has probably seen or heard there was a bill proposed, put together last night. It's our understanding that the house will likely vote on it this week and send it next week. I really haven't read all the 144 pages, I haven't read hardly any of it. But I have seen few synopsis here and there. I guess on the front side, number one, it is still proposed so we will see where it comes out at the end. First, we don’t like any reductions in Medicare payments ever. But having said that, we also know that on more than one occasion we have to help for the better good of whatever. The one reduction which is in there which we have seen before is the extension of the sequester now going out to 2025. And then I think the only other Medicare reimbursement related reduction or going forward relates to some outpatient, off campus changes. And I guess what I can say there, number one, they are prospective as to future transactions. So that’s what's a good thing. It's not anything retroactive and it's not a straight cut. So we will study that closely. But I never want to say it cuts good but I have seen worse cuts.
Victor Campbell: And Brian, I would add, I think most of you saw HHS, they have put projections which are pretty conservative I think, going into next year. But the good news is, they also cited that they were going to put increased efforts in five different markets. The good news is three of those five happen to be important market to us. One is Houston, one is Dallas and one is Miami. We don’t care much about their New Jersey effort or wherever their other one was, but those are three good ones for us. So thank you.
Victor Campbell: All right. Paula, thank you very much. And I want to thank everyone and hopefully I didn’t offend anybody from New Jersey with my comments earlier. It was not intended. Anyway, you all have a great day.
Samuel Hazen: Good morning. I am going to concentrate my comments on a little bit more detail around our volume for the quarter. As mentioned earlier, volume growth was solid in the third quarter. We believe this performance continues to reflect growing demand for healthcare services in HCA markets and further gains in market share for the company. We believe the gains in market share have been driven by combination of solid execution of our growth agenda and increased capital spending that has been invested to improve access to our networks and to add operational capacity. Our growth in volume was broad-based across most of the companies markets and it was also broad-based across the various service lines of our business. On a same facility, year-over-year basis for the quarter, all but one of our 14 domestic divisions had growth in admissions and growth in adjusted admission. All domestic divisions had growth in emergency room visits, seven divisions had growth in managed care and exchange admission and nine divisions had growth in adjusted admissions for these payer classes. Managed care and exchange ER business grew by 3.5%. 12 divisions had growth in emergency room visits for these payer classes. Nine divisions had growth in inpatient surgeries. Surgical admissions accounted for 27.3% of total admissions for the quarter, consistent with the third quarter of the previous year. This quarter is the tenth straight quarter with growth in inpatient surgeries. Ten divisions had growth in hospital-based outpatient surgeries which were up 0.8% for the company. Hospital-based outpatient surgical volumes have grown in nine out of the last ten quarters. Surgeries grew by 1.8% in our ambulatory surgery division. Surgical growth was strong in orthopedics, neurosciences and cardiovascular service lines. Other categories of our inpatient business were strong also. Deliveries for the quarter were up 0.9%, managed care and exchange deliveries were up 5.7%. Neonatal admissions grew 1%. Behavioral health admissions were up 7.4%. Rehab admissions were up 9% and our average length of stay grew by 1.6%, reflecting the higher case mix and acuity of our admissions. Market share trends for the company's inpatient business for the 12-month period ended March 2015, were slightly improved over past trends. Our market share grew by 31 basis points. As a result, the company's composite market share is at 24.6%. Approximately 79% of our market increased share and gains were achieved across most service line categories. Overall, inpatient demand across HCA markets continued to show sequential strength during this period. Demand growth accelerated in our markets in each of the last three quarters of 2014 and the first quarter of 2015 with the first quarter showing growth of 3.9%. Commercial demand in HCA markets was stronger for this period with an increase of almost 5%. We believe inpatient demand in both the second and third quarters of 2015 were also strong. We will report on these quarters when the data is available. So with that, let me turn the call back to Vic for questions.
Samuel Hazen: Okay. Yes, let me answer this. And let me frame our physician discussion a bit. We have about 37,000 active participants on our medical staff, physicians. Of that, about 10% are employed by HCA. Our employment numbers on a year-over-year basis are up about 15%. About 40% of that is related to the acquisition of the urgent care company in Dallas, Fort Worth. So we are up roughly 7% to 8% on employees positions. That trend is generally consistent with the previous two years and so we continue to add to our medical staff both from the standpoint of employed positions as well as affiliated positions. Our medical staff in total has grown about 2.5% so far this year which is a really good number for the company. And so we are not seeing anything unusual with respect to physician compensation elements inside of our business. With respect to the emergency room specifically, we do have a number of companies that we work with across the country. We have various relationships with them. But for the most part, that component of our business is managing at a normal trend and we are not seeing any kind of unique changes to our relationships with those organizations. Nor are we seeing it in anesthesia or radiology or any of the other hospital based areas. So that issue is really not presenting a significant challenge to HCA.
Samuel Hazen: Yes. Let me say this from the historic. I don’t think in any of our markets there is any structural changes that have occurred with our relationships with commercial payers that would suggest we are in any significant way begin steered away from or out of contract or any of that. That is not the case. The company is locked in on the number and the available contract today just as we were last year and as we look forward to 2016 and 2017, we are roughly 75% contracted on '16 and 50% contracted on '17 at very consistent terms with recent past year. So for the quarter we were up what, 1.8% on adjusted admissions. That is slightly down from where we were in the first part of the year. I think the first part of the year Sheryl, benefitted from the first quarter in particular where our exchange comp against last year was quite a bit positive. And so our trend of about 2% in this quarter is not that far off where we expect it to be. We actually grew our revenue at almost 6% in the third quarter compared to 7.7% year-to-date. So it is off a bit when I look at that, but there is nothing to suggest that the economy across HCA's 42 markets has dramatically changed or any other competitive dynamic has had an impact on our business. There is a normal ebb and flow to our business and sometimes it's hard to discern exactly why it trends down a bit. But I was reasonably encouraged by the fact that we still saw volume growth in our commercial book of business in the third quarter of 2%. That was a positive indicator for me. And it suggests that there is still growing demand in that particular segment of the business and it's very important as you know. So I can't put anything on it at this particular point in time. Obviously, if we get the second quarter market share data and we start to see early reads on third quarter market share data, it will give me some better insights into whether or not we had a market share loss potentially in the third quarter which I don’t believe is the case. So right now there is not a lot to point to. I will reemphasize that in my comments, I mean our managed care delivery volume was up 5.7%, that’s a very strong number. Our emergency room visits were up 3.5% and within some other outpatient areas we had solid growth on the commercial side as well. So that’s sort of my take at this particular point. As I get more external data sources, I will be able to check my thinking on those particular assumption.
Samuel Hazen: Clearly the oil economy have had some impact on Houston in particular and then some sprinkled impact across other Texas markets. However, the Texas economy is so strong that there still reported job growth even in Houston and obviously in the other markets and we are seeing that in the demand that we are studying within the Texas markets.
Samuel Hazen: No, I don’t think so. As we know Q4 is generally one of our strongest quarters that I don’t see '15 being any seasonally different then maybe what we have experienced in the recent past.
Samuel Hazen: Yes. On the corporate initiative and so forth -- this is Sam -- the third quarter was a high watermark for the implementation of a couple of our initiatives. On the HR side as I said, we are deeper, almost halfway through our rollout. Maybe even two-thirds the way through our rollout on our One HR and we did have a significant cost variance compared to the third quarter last year and our overall HR cost center. And then on the clinical IT side, again, the third quarter was a fairly large quarter with respect to a number of company initiatives to improve our clinical IT capabilities and put ourselves in a better position with our physicians and enhance our nurses ability to deliver care and then just to improve our clinical data warehouse. So those are all components of the third quarter. It presented some comparison and challenges. We are pretty much at a high watermark on our HR spend and that will level out. IT continues to be an opportunity for the company and we will have some incremental growth there and we are going through our planning process for 2016. As we speak to make sure our priorities are lined up with where they need to be for the next few years.
Samuel Hazen: Both of these components of our business continue to perform very well for us. And keep in mind they only represent about 7.5% of our total admissions. Behavioral representing about 6% and rehab representing about 1.5%. We have ongoing development of new units in expansion of existing units in motion as we speak. In some instances that’s to actually add service line capability in certain markets and then in others it's to add capacity in order to deal with our occupancy levels and the constraints that we have got for growth with respect to that. They both are very central to service lines for HCA. The behavioral health service line is very central to being able to manage our emergency room service line very effectively. And then rehab is very central to our neurosciences and trauma program. So they are very complementary on that front. And we will continue to leverage components of those strategy in a collaborative way, if you will, to advance our position. The capital investment on these is small in the overall scheme of HCA's $2.7 billion of spend that we intend to pay for next year. So it's not a very significant component of that total spend but it is significant with respect to those particular service lines.
Samuel Hazen: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, we have seen over the past recent years a growth in the patient liability related to co-pays and deductibles. And we still see that. I call that a net 10% to 12% on a per account basis. But our collections have remained relatively stable. We have said and we validated this recently about a 30% of our write-offs were attributable to kind of deductible and cos and the balance to uninsured. That really has not changed and the data that we have seen. So I would tell you that the deductible and co-pay environments have been relatively stable for us, relative on a material way to our trends.
Samuel Hazen: Well, we have routine studies. This is Sam. We have routine studies that we do within each of our markets twice a year in order to understand our competitive positioning with respect to wages. And as we sort through those analysis and those different issues, we try to make timely adjustments. So as a routine we are making market specific adjustments to remain as competitive as we possibly can. So those are specific market issues. Across all HCA markets I think it's reasonable to assume that there will be some increase in wages in our trends over the next few years. I don’t think it is anything that is overly material or something that we cannot manage through effectively. We obviously try to short cycle our commercial contracts in a way to line up with any acceleration in wages so that we can adjust our commercial pricing to sync up with overall pressures on inflation, mainly in the wage and then secondarily on the supply side. So I think from that standpoint we are in a pretty good spot as well. But right now we are of the mindset that our trends are generally reflective of current market conditions with maybe some modest acceleration in a few pockets here and there. But we think it's manageable in the short run.
William Rutherford: Yes. I will just try to add. We did go back and look at last year to see whether that changed. We think the growth of that 480 admissions has grown about 320. So roughly 130 or so in the prior year. So it moved up. If you look at that as a percentage of our total exchange activity it’s roughly 3.5% which may fall in line with some of those macro studies that we see.
William Rutherford: And Sam, too, I think we had a really tough comp to last year. We had a favorable comp in the first quarter but the third quarter of last year I think was a, created a more difficult comp with respect to the growth rate over prior year.
William Rutherford: Yes. A.J., let me try to address the other questions that you have. One, specifically on what we cited as what we think is a slowdown in processing some Medicaid application in Texas and Kansas. We are hopeful those are temporary and as the state kind of goes through processing those then we will begin to see those covered on Medicaid. But that’s really reflecting itself in a low conversion rate in both Texas and Kansas. And again, we attribute maybe a quarter of our 4000 or so uninsured growth relative to that issue. So we are hopeful that does correct itself going forward. On kind of broader uninsured trends in the ED, we are seeing a growth in ED volume and that has a corresponding growth of uninsured ED but you had as Sam mentioned a lot of other kind of commercial and uninsured ED growth to kind of offset that.
William Rutherford: Pretty [possible] [ph]. When you look at uninsured as a percent, it still gets to around that 20% level. So it hasn’t materially changed on us. And then Texas oil. Texas oil, I have not seen anything. When we look at Houston uninsureds, it's no more pronounced than any other markets that we have across the company.
William Rutherford: And then one last one, A.J., I think you asked, the freestanding ED strategy we have really does not impact in any of our uninsured trends.
William Rutherford: Well, I think our guidance states it pretty clearly as far as the expectation goes. As far as the...
William Rutherford: Well, I think at a high level, John, we clearly as you just heard, I think Sam described we are expecting to see improvement in the productivity. Again we have already, we have implemented actions. We will continue to implement other actions during the quarter that we hope will show results here in the fourth quarter. So I mentioned in my earlier comments, some around the implementations of actions around contract labor. Maybe more the intermediate term, certainly hope to have some impact in the fourth quarter. But that’s solving a turnover issue is a little bit longer term issue. You know basically we see continued top line growth that gives us lot of encouragement about the fourth quarter. And then we think -- we have taken actions around some of the initiatives that Sam mentioned. So I think the outlook for the fourth quarter is reasonable and I am comfortable with our guidance.
William Rutherford: Yes. Well, on Texas waiver program, we really haven't seen any material changes in that program. In the quarter we recorded about $87 million of waiver revenue which is really consistent and almost exact same that we recorded in Q2. So that’s remained consistent for us. The $142 million you mentioned was an adjustment we recorded in the second quarter of last year and we have kind of adjusted for that. We did anticipate earlier in the year a potential reduction in the waiver revenue but we set, I believe in last quarter we no longer anticipated that. So our waiver revenue accrual we are recording this, is really consistent throughout 2015.
William Rutherford: Yes. Thank you, Brian. This is Bill. Last year we stepped up our efforts in our communities. We partnered with several agencies including Enroll America and others, to try to reach out inside our communities where we believe still uninsured people have the opportunity to participate. We are going to continue to do that in our enrollment period. We have a team and a committee of people that are working with our local markets and some third party agencies where we will be sponsoring community agencies, participating with other community events and trying to reach out to the uninsured volume in our communities that we think still are able for subsidies. We are trying to target that very thoughtfully in some of our key and larger markets where we have data that suggests there is still opportunity there. So I would characterize that we are active in that space and we are working diligently to try to reach out to that community.
William Rutherford: Let me try kind of your bad debts and Ralph thanks for the question. As you know we have historically looked at the total uncompensated care which includes bad debts and uninsured and charity. And from period to period you can't get some movement from one or the other. With our slowdown and pending Medicaid conversions we saw this quarter, that does put a little bit more in the allowance through doubtful accounts which flows through for bad debts. But our total uncompensated care generally is moving in concert with what our uninsured trends are. We have seen recent growth or continued growth of co-pays and deductibles. That’s not recent. Our collection rates are staying really consistent with where they have been in the prior years. So we are not really seeing any erosion in collection. So even though the co-pays and deductibles have grown, our collection rates amounts have remained stable. And so the largest factor on our uncompensated care continues to remain the uninsured growth. On the inpatients data, we need to get back with you on that -- we need to flow through on that.
William Rutherford: You missed it. I will be happy to give it to you again, Gary. Let me pull it up. So our same facility charity care and uninsured discounts increased $525 million. Charity care totaled 914 which was a decline of 117 from the prior year. Uninsured discounts totaled 2.755 which was an increase of 642.
William Rutherford: Yes. Let me just try to clarify. So we have a charity care policy that if you meet our charity guidelines, we do write off 100% of your bill. If you don’t meet our charity guidelines and you are uninsured, we apply an uninsured discount which is basically reflective of what you would be billed if you are insured. So it's not 100% but it's a substantial portion of your bill is written off on uninsured discount and then the residual then goes through kind of the bad debt line item. But you also have movements going on with Medicaid and pending Medicaid that affects those items as well.
