Victor L. Campbell: Thank you very much, and good morning, everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer, and I would like to welcome everyone on today's call, as well as those of you listening on our webcast. With me here this morning, our Chairman and CEO, Richard Bracken; our President and CFO, Milton Johnson; and Sam Hazen, President of Operations. And then we have a number of other members of our senior management team here as well to assist during the Q&A. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they are based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of these factors are listed in today's press release and in our various SEC filings. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict in light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or future events. This morning's call is being recorded and a replay will be available later today. With that, let me turn the call over to Richard.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Kevin, I'm going to ask Juan Vallarino, I don't -- we really don't have the stats down because the numbers didn't change a whole lot from the previous quarter when we sort of walked through how many markets and contracts, whatever. And we sort of looked at that and, I'd say, no material change there other than 85% of our hospitals with the contract. We are at 90%. But Juan Vallarino is not here at Nashville, but I think he's on an outside line. Juan, you just want to share anything that you can because there's not a lot of specifics.
Victor L. Campbell: Let me do the DSH and then I'll let these guys talk about the cost-cutting and how it rolls, Sam, you probably want to do that. I think DSH, we know what you know. We've seen the proposed rule, and we would expect the final rule very soon within the next few days. But we know nothing more than that, and we'll wait until we see a final.
Victor L. Campbell: If I could add. We have a pretty successful component of conversion today. I mean, we monitor our conversions on Medicaid very closely. We benchmark against our vendors. And we think those lessons will apply as we move through exchange enrollment as well. And Eric and his team have a very robust set of metrics and systems underneath all of those efforts that give us confidence that we can use those same approaches, and hopefully, get the same kind of results as we move through the exchange. The difference though is you get retroactive approvals on Medicaid. We don't think we'll be able to get retroactive approvals on the exchange.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Ralph, that was pretty good, 1 question, became at least 3. I'm not sure we get to that last one anytime on this call, but you want to start out, we'll just talk about volume, Sam.
Victor L. Campbell: I think that was the primary one. And Milton, I don't know if you want to talk x reform, how we're looking at it.
Victor L. Campbell: All right. Everyone, I thank everyone on the call. I know Mark is here all day, and I'll be around. So give us a call if you need anything. Have a great day.
Samuel N. Hazen: Good morning. I'll begin my comments this morning with more detail on the company's volume trends for the quarter and then provide an update on inpatient market share. 8 out 14 domestic divisions had growth in year-over-year same facility inpatient admissions. Our international division also had growth in inpatient admissions. 9 out of 14 domestic divisions and our international division had growth in same facility adjusted admissions. Overall, the growth inside our portfolio of domestic hospitals was similar to the first quarter. In the second quarter, 60% of our domestic hospitals had growth in inpatient admissions and 57% had growth in adjusted admissions. As Milton indicated, emergency room visits were soft in comparison to past trends. Only 6 out 14 domestic divisions had growth in emergency room visits. EMS transports to our hospitals were up almost 1%, with 8 out of 14 divisions growing. We have seen a general softness in the lower acuity emergency room business, and there has been some increased competition in a number of markets. We feel these 2 factors are part of the reasons for the slower growth rates. The company continues to invest significantly in the service line to increase accessing capacity, to improve operational efficiency and to enhance quality and service. All of this, we believe, positions us well from a competitive standpoint in today's market and into the future. Total surgeries for the company were up slightly in the quarter, with hospital-based surgeries up 1.1% on a same facility basis, and our ambulatory surgery division down 2.3%. This is a good improvement over the first quarter. Inside our ambulatory surgery division, overall cases, which include certain endoscopic and pain management procedures that are not counted in our surgery volumes, grew by 4% as a result of some recent acquisitions and new facility development. As indicated, acuity this past quarter was strong. Average length of stay in our adult and neonatal intensive care units was up 2.7%. This continues at similar trend we experienced in the first quarter. Behavioral services admissions were up 2.6%, and acute rehabilitation admissions were up 11.3% in the quarter. These metrics are generally consistent with the first quarter. And finally, deliveries were up 1 point -- up 1%, and the first quarter deliveries were down 1%. Now let me transition to some market share highlights for the 12 months ending December 2012. Once again, this is the most current data available for the company, and it represents almost 90% of the company's markets. First, the company's inpatient market share during 2012 increased 56 basis points to 23.7%. Overall, inpatient demand in our markets increased in 2012 by 0.4%. This is a slight weakening from 2011, which had market demand growth of 0.8%. Inpatient demand, however, in the fourth quarter of 2012, was up 1.1%, reflecting a busy flu season. Sequentially, market share increased in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. This follows sequential market share gains in each of the previous 5 quarters. We gained market share in 14 out of 17 service lines. HCA had market share gains in 29 out of 37 markets, with growth in 9 of our top 10 earnings markets. Market share in both the commercial and in migration segments of our business grew, reflecting continued success with our outreach efforts in these 2 distinct markets. Across all of these market share metrics, the company's trends are generally consistent with past reports. This pattern reflects solid execution of our growth agenda. As you already heard, expense management in the second quarter was very strong. Our management teams executed very effectively. We will remain focused in the last half of the year on the same areas that we shared with you during our first quarter earnings call and we believe these efforts should put us in a good position to maintain our cost structure in the last 2 quarters of the year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Vic.
Samuel N. Hazen: Yes, there was more than one question there. Let me start with the geographic performance of the company. We had a very balanced performance across the organization. We had many markets that performed better than planned. So for the most part, the performance across the portfolio in general was very balanced, with most markets accomplishing what we had hoped they would accomplish in the second quarter. We had a few markets where there were some struggles. But they weren't material, and we were able to overcome those with the ones that did perform well. It's important to understand, for HCA, Las Vegas represents maybe 5% of the company's earnings. And so from that standpoint, it's an important market, yes, but it's not a market that dictates the overall performance of the company. Having said that, Las Vegas performance this year and last year has been very strong for HCA. We have seen reasonable market share gains over the time period. I think in 2012, we picked up decent market share in Las Vegas and our financial performance has been solid because of a very disciplined approach given the economic pressures that exist in that market and some of the underfunding that exist within the Medicaid program. As it relates to the largest payor, as a routine, we do have discussions with them. We haven't at this particular point in time, reached any agreement that would reestablish relationships between HCA and Sierra inside of that market, but we do have ongoing discussions given our long tenured relationship with them.
Samuel N. Hazen: AJ, it's Sam. I think the company moved really timely in the first quarter of making adjustments once we sense that volumes weren't where they were going to be. And most of those efforts around our adjustments to costs were accomplished in the first quarter and benefited the second quarter. There's -- were some residual efforts that occurred throughout the second -- part of the second quarter, if you will, that will have some incremental benefit as we move forward. Again, our cost performance depends heavily on our volume, and as we achieve where we think our volumes are going to be, as Milton indicated, we believe the cost structure is in a pretty good position. Having said that, we have a host of cost initiatives across the company that can produce some incremental value month in and month out and they're centered around supply chain initiatives, ongoing sharing of best practices through our process improvement teams, clinical excellence initiatives that yield improvements in performance across the company. So those things continue to yield value and will bleed in as those initiatives get executed. But for the most part, the substantial adjustments that we needed to make were accomplished in the first quarter. And we won't see the same kind of adjustments today that we had at that point in time.
Samuel N. Hazen: Yes. I think one thing, and we've said this for years and we still believe that it's relevant to the discussion is that HCA has a unique portfolio of markets where it does business. And when you look at population trends and you look at the economic performance of this market, it's unique, I think, across the industry. And that's part of why we believe we have maybe different volume metrics in some respects than others. Having said that, we think our organic growth strategies are effective in yielding market share gains as we've talked about with a pretty strong market share gain performance over the past few years, and so there's execution also that we believe is yielding some inherent growth. As it relates to the urban, rural, the only point of reference I can give you is we monitor what we call the in-migration of business from the rural markets into these major metropolitan markets. And that segment of our business is the fastest-growing segment of admission activity on the inpatient side. The composite growth in 2012 was actually 2.8%. And as I indicated, for 2012, overall inpatient demand was only 0.4%. So you can see that at least in rural markets surrounding HCA's urban markets, there is a growing in-migration volume that's taking place, and that's why we're so focused on rural outreach in efforts to affiliate with rural providers to drive growth for HCA. I don't remember the other questions, Vic.
Samuel N. Hazen: We look at our ER business inside of the different levels of acuity. And we've talked about some of the acuity levels in past calls. And when we look at our business -- and really the first half of this year, but in particular, the second quarter of 2013, we actually had a decline in the lower level, the lowest levels of acuity, and that was fairly broad-based across the company. But we did have slower rates of growth in the other levels of ER volume, except for our most acute component of the ER business where we actually had faster rates of growth there than we had in the first 6 months of the last year as a comparison. When we look at the geography for our performance, we performed better in Florida, in the East Florida and West Florida in particular, on emergency room business. We think the tourist business in Florida has been stronger this year than in the past, and that's part of the explanation, but we do have a very robust emergency room growth plan across most of our markets. And that's yielding reasonable growth in other parts of the country. For example, in California, last year we struggled with emergency room activity. This year, we're actually having a very strong level of performance in the emergency rooms in California. There are increased competitors in both the urgent care space, as well as the emergency room space in a lot of our markets, whether that's coming from hospitals or freestanding entities, and we think that is yielding some pressure on the overall demand in this particular area. Having said that, we're still very bullish on our emergency room strategy. We believe there are opportunities to continue to differentiate in the market and gain market share and be a key part of access to the HCA system. And we're investing in capacity. In certain markets, we are investing in different sites. In certain markets, we are adding program capabilities across the company with trauma and stroke capabilities, which are important to other aspects of our business. We reach out very effectively with our EMS partners and work to resolve their problems. So we've got a lot going on in this area, and we still believe it's going to be a very needed service across a lot of our markets. And we don't know if this is a trend yet. It could be. But we think the aspects of this business will continue to yield solid growth, and we don't want to take our eye off the ball off this area.
Samuel N. Hazen: I'm not sure exactly, Gary, what specific certifications you're talking about. I think that's such an ongoing effort with our facilities to gain accreditation where we meet certain quality standards and community standards. And that does have an impact, and that's a very good process for us because it forces discipline around performance and outcomes and so forth. But given that, that's happening on such a routine, I don't think it's incrementally changing the volume trends within the company. There are certain service lines where we add capacity and we do it and add capability because we don't have that service in a particular market, I'll use Nashville as an example. Our network in Nashville is very solid with geographical positioning and general capabilities. But a few years ago, we felt we did not have the full array of services to really accomplish what we wanted to accomplish as a network. And we've added more substantial children services, as an example. We're just opening up a level 2 trauma program, and that helps to round out the overall array of services in our market here in Nashville and makes us more competitive with respect to payors. It also attracts higher capability from a specialty standpoint. It really enhances our position in the communities. So those things are going on in multiple markets across the company and are incrementally there. But I wouldn't say they substantially change the overall performance of the company's volume metrics.
Samuel N. Hazen: Let me speak to the size of the hospitals and then someone else could jump in here on the capital as we need to fill. This is Sam again. These hospitals are in demographics in major metropolitan markets where there are opportunities to introduce an HCA facility and round out our network. As Richard mentioned, we usually start out with 40 to 60 beds, inpatient beds, as an example. And typically, you will see a younger population in these markets. So they're not demanding as much inpatient health care as you might in a market where there's a different kind of demographic. And so we'll start out with basic services on the outpatient areas, clearly emergency room capability, outpatient surgery, a lot of imaging, and then we'll have a lot of women services in those facilities because they're connected to a younger population and in our obstetric service line and so forth. But what's important is that they now are connected to a larger network and when there's a need for more sophisticated or tertiary service, we can work with our physicians and our other hospitals to transfer patients to more tertiary level hospitals and deliver the services that those folks need. Then over time, it grows. We add beds, we add services, we bring in new physicians, and we start to get the certifications that we just spoke about, and we put ourselves in a position where it becomes a much more substantial hospital, and they move to different levels of capability over time. And that life cycle can vary, it can be 10 years in some cases, it can be 5 in very unique cases. But it's typically a 10 to 20 years kind of cycle where these hospitals will move into a much more sophisticated level. But as it relates to these networks, they're very complementary and very helpful to rounding out those capabilities. And in addition to the 2 that Richard mentioned that are under construction, we're evaluating 2 to 3 other ones that we think make sense for us, and we will weave those into our capital plan as appropriate once we get through the due diligence on those analysis.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. I don't think we should address comments on the M&A activity in the public traded market right now as those transactions are still ongoing and incomplete. But overall, as Richard mentioned, we have signed some agreements to pursue acquisitions in our existing markets, we like that approach, they help round out in existing markets, improve our position in markets. We have transactions that are pending, subject to regulatory approval in both Kansas City and, as Richard mentioned this morning, in Tampa. We're looking at some other opportunities that would be similar. Too early to tell whether those will work out and lead to an agreement. But we are actively pursuing acquisitions in the markets where it makes sense to us. We think that's a strategy that we will continue and excited about the opportunities. But as you all know, those opportunities for acquisitions tend to come and go in the marketplace at a certain pace. And we certainly are tuned to the market and looking forward to participating where it makes sense to us.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. Well, as Richard said, it's really not a lot of change in our outlook since last quarter. I'll maybe describe it this way, the uncertainty of health care reform, there's 2 main drivers where we still have a great deal of uncertainty. One, and to your question, what's going to be the ramp-up or the uptake on health care reform? In other words, how many -- at what rate and how many of the uninsured will sign up for coverage in the exchanges. That's a significant uncertainty for us. And then second, of those that do come into the marketplace and go into the exchange, how many will recapture? What would be our market share in the exchange? Are the payors which we have contracts with, how successful will those contracts be in capturing share? Those are 2 main drivers, of course, of health care reform impact on HCA, and we need some more time to try to get some clarification around that impact. And once we have that, I think we will factor that in. And as far as timing, right now, we want to keep flexibility with respect to the timing. Only we plan to give guidance on the health care reform impact. But right now, I would say, it would be no later, we think, than when we give guidance for 2014, which is expected most likely to be in February of 2014.
R. Milton Johnson: Sure. Good observation there. Although we're still -- we are reaffirming our guidance and, as I said, we are on plan with respect to our EBITDA guidance. With respect to the details of how we may arrive there, now that we're halfway through the year, I think that it's more likely that our adjusted admission growth for the year will be somewhere around 1% versus previously, I think, we'd guided or given details somewhere around 2%. Here it's halfway through the year, we're up 0.3%. And as I think about the overall revenue growth, I still think we'll be in that 3% to 5%, 3% to 4.5%, 3% to 5% zone as we stated before, because I expect that our net revenue per adjusted admission growth rate will also be higher than we first thought. We -- in May, we said it would be 2% to 3% on our call. Now I'm thinking more likely in the 2.5% to 3.5% sort of growth rate, making up the shortfall from the change in outlook on our volume growth. Year-to-date, we are about -- we're at 3.6% growth. That excludes, of course, the 2012 rural floor settlement out of the first quarter of last year in that growth rate. And then we still think our expenses for the year will come in, in that 3% to 3.5% sort of zone. In the first quarter, our expense growth, excluding HITECH expenses, grew 4.8%, and we're up 2.6% here in the second quarter. And that averages out to about 3.7%. So we still think our expense targets of 3% to 3.5% for the year is still reasonable targets. So our revenue, total top line revenue outlook is still the same in that 3% to 5% zone. But getting there, a little bit different mix between volume and revenue growth than we talked about in May.
R. Milton Johnson: Well, just -- let me just maybe look where we are year to date, there's some moving parts in the numbers. Let me just kind of real quickly walk-through and kind of get down to what we think is a normalized EBITDA growth, at least where we are through the first 6 months. So on a reported basis, all in, our EBITDA is down 4%. Where this year, you were at $3.257 billion for the first 6 months versus last year at $3.392 billion. But of course last year, we had the favorable rural floor settlement that was a net $170 million in EBITDA. If you back that out, then we're actually up 1.1% for the first 6 months. And then, if you consider HITECH, the impact of our HITECH income and expenses impact from EBITDA, so we've got less revenue from HITECH as you know in the first 6 months of this year and we had spent a little bit more on HITECH expenses rolling out the program this year. The net effect on EBITDA is that this time last year, we had a drag of -- I'm sorry, an impact of $88 million positive this time last year because of the HITECH revenue. And this year, we have a positive impact of $32 million into EBITDA. So if you normalize that, we're 3.3% up. And so, we're in that kind of low to mid single-digit range, which is kind of where we expected when you normalize for these moving parts, HITECH and the Medicare adjustment.
R. Milton Johnson: I'll make this one last comment to wrap up. We have a very good process and discipline around our capital allocation process. Sam and Jon Foster and Chuck Hall operating teams are, of course, heavily involved in that. And one thing I think that we have done very well over recent years is being able to match our capital spending with capacity and growth opportunities. And I think our process is very good around that. It's flexible maybe to your point, depending on market dynamics. And going forward, I expect we'll continue to be very flexible and take advantage of the market opportunities.
Richard M. Bracken: I just add -- this is Richard. I would just add that we still think that given health care reform and over the longer view that there will be consolidation in the industry, we think our platform allows us to participate very efficiently in that process. As we've said many times in the past, we are disciplined about where we acquire, how we acquire. And so, that will be our thinking as we assess possibilities. The pipeline, specifically to your question, is unpredictable. It happens when it happens. We generally are aware of most things that are going on in the marketplace and consider them. But short of that, we are pleased with our efforts to date. We add that to a strong position where there's organic growth in markets, and we think we have a pretty good growth story going forward.
Richard M. Bracken: I wouldn't think that our position has changed from what we have shared with you in the past. We take a look at our cash flow and obviously after our CapEx, I will say this, we do see opportunities for perhaps increasing our CapEx sum. There are a lot of opportunities for growth within our markets. And we are evaluating those as we speak. So I do think there's some opportunity for some CapEx increases as we go forward. We continue to obviously, as you mentioned, to rate strategic acquisitions as a very high priority use. And as we just mentioned, we've been doing that. And then of course the other uses of cash are to be considered after those 2. And I really don't see that lineup changing anytime soon.
Richard M. Bracken: And let me just add. This is Richard. As we think about enrolling folks in the exchanges, there certainly is crossover with the skill set of the employees that are enrolling people in Medicaid as we speak. And so, as we look forward, there's opportunities to be, what's that, a training organization. We're certainly interested in that, so that we can use existing employee resources when we in-source to not only do Medicaid, but to do the exchange products or to the HCA and then also outsource where we need to supplement. So we think we have a pretty good plan. This is all developed -- this is in process as we speak right now and really will unfold over the next 30 to 60 days.
Richard M. Bracken: And I would just add that I wouldn't expect this to change the overall sort of distribution of how we spend our capital. We have had large projects come through the system in the past. They take different forms as they work their way through. But for the most part, I wouldn't see this as dramatically shifting the distribution of how we spend money within the company. We generally think of it sort of a facility percentage, a technology percentage. And with the one exception, I would think that perhaps, and as we mentioned on the Parallon acquisition, no, not particularly a CapEx comment, but we do see more opportunities around that space and cap investment in that space where we haven't, historically. So I just think maybe that's where it might shift some but not overall distribution.
