Sam Hazen: Let me give you a sense of what we're seeing and what we're calling a reboot that's our term. And obviously we have each day implementing different policy decisions about social distancing, elective care when certain businesses start and so forth that's the first point. The second point I would add is that we are working with our physicians to understand their needs as they reboot also. We've got a task force with surgeons and others on our team developing a work stream to assist them. So once we get a better sense of their backlog, a better sense of what's allowed from local government and state government, we’ll be able to start a scheduling process and ensure that we have the resources necessary to address their needs. We also have a work stream around our patients and making sure that we can reassure them that we have a safe environment. We've implemented universal precautions. We've implemented advanced lab testing. We've stepped up our PPE controls and patient cohorting processes. So again we can reassure them. And then finally I think it's about how we bring on capacity. We won't immediately reopen with the existing capacity that we had in the middle of May. So we're determining ways to reopen our capacity very efficiently. We think this will result in some early consolidation of existing operations until we get to the next phase. As I've said in my comments, we're hopeful that the reboot process will be accomplished across all of our markets by the end of the second quarter, but that’s still to be determined based upon some of these other hurdles that have to be cleared.
Sam Hazen: Let me add to that Bill, if I may. This is Sam. I would like to acknowledge a number of the payers. In particular, I'd like to acknowledge United Health Group. I think they took a very significant leadership position in relaxing some of their claims edits and so forth and sped up payables in a very significant way, for our company as well as for the whole industry. Also other components of the health insurance industry, I think relaxed aspects of their pre-authorizations and other type of controls to allow for a smoother process in a more efficient turnover of payables on their side as well. And that helped I think the industry as a whole. It helped us as well and we will continue to work with them, I think in a very collaborative way to address issues that we have as well as issues that they have.
Sam Hazen: I don't think we're in a position to give you any kind of percentages at this particular point. When we defined the first phase as the reboot that's basically getting over the hurdles that our state requirements getting over some of the backlog, if you will, on the elective cases that have been postponed and helping our physicians and others get back in business, that's what we mean by the reboot. The recovery period is really difficult to determine at this point. We don't know what the full effect and the damage to the economy are going to be. We don't understand clearly what the uninsured levels are going to be. So we anticipate the effects to vary by market. We also believe that there will be major areas that influence our business results. As we've talked about, we think patient confidence is very important and it's incumbent upon all health systems to create that reassurance that patients can come to a health system as they did just two months ago with confidence and that their safety can be protected. So we have universal precautions, as I mentioned, patient cohorting sufficient PPE, different lab testing capabilities to support this effort. We've also got to manage through the possibility of COVID-19 recurrence, so we're maintaining our surge capacity. So all of this converges on trying to understand a recovery process, and we don't feel like we can predict that at this particular point in time. Some of that is going to be determined about the factors way outside of our control, whether or not there's antiviral therapies that work, or a vaccine that's developed at a timeline that's more current than what's out there today. So all of this is part of what we're calling the recovery phase. So as we get some visibility into the variables associated with that, we can make adjustments in a more informed manner, and that's how we're thinking about it. So we're not in a position at all to estimate percentages or timeline. So that's why we had to pull our guidance, that's why we took some of these other capital preservation tactics to ensure that we have the flexibility to make those adjustments in an inappropriate way.
Sam Hazen: I think the health system industry in Tennessee, Texas, Florida, Colorado, all these different states is connected to the government's office. If you think about social distancing and the objective around social distancing, it was to prevent and overrun of the healthcare system. While many of our markets, the initial forecast were to sobering to be honest with you and they have come in significantly less. And so we have ample capacity and we've learned a lot over this past five or six weeks, and that's what we shared with the different governor's offices and local officials' offices is that there has been significant learnings already that have come from this particular experience. There has been increases in lab testing capacity. There has been improvement in PPE supply chain inventory levels. And there is a better understanding by our teams and our physicians on how to manage COVID-19 patients. So all of that is going to serve us well we believe and serve our communities well down the road as we battle this particular event. With respect to our physicians, it's mixed as you would expect. Many of our physicians are eager to go and want to address their backlog. Others still have questions around patient safety, their own personal safety and how all of that is going to be managed. Again, we have a very specific work stream of multidisciplinary team that includes surgeons on there to ensure that we have the right procedures in place to deal generally with the issues that we have. But we're excited about the reopening in Texas. We're excited about Tennessee and we anticipate other states starting to relax some of these procedures and policies just as we mentioned over the course of the next few weeks, allowing us to start back on some of the care that's needed in the community. So we'll just have to wait and see how all that ramps up again. It's variable and we'll just have to process it Frank and hopefully, have it behind us at the end of the second quarter.
Sam Hazen: I'll let Bill answer the question on the Cares Act. When we think about structure, we're thinking about the demand side of the equation and the supply side of the equation. And on the demand side, we're trying to judge fundamentally has there been a demand curve shift as a result of the COVID-19. By that, we mean have income levels drop because of unemployment and uninsured that starts to influence buying patterns and healthcare services demand. Do patient preferences, with respect to concerns about COVID-19 cause patients to avoid the health system? Has telemedicine structurally changed certain buying patterns? We don't have a sense of that yet, but those are variables that we're trying to understand. On the supply side, we're trying to understand what happens with certain providers. Will we actually exit the marketplace and start to again think about a shift in the supply curve? Will physician changes occur and create changes to the supply side of the equation? There could be government regulations that create implications also on the supply side. Many of these we think create opportunities for HCA as we move forward. And so those are the big structural variables with that we're trying to study, stay close to, have responses in our different phases of our plans, allowing us to respond appropriately and capitalized as well on opportunities as they develop.
Sam Hazen: Let me answer the first question, I’ll let Bill answer the second question, A.J. We do have substitute settings as a variable on the demand side that we're studying. Does that mean our women's hospitals are across the organization are better positioned than commingled women's services we have across many of HCA markets dedicated women's hospitals that are separately controlled, if you will and does that create advantage for us in obstetric services? Possibly. Will we see more activity in ambulatory surgery centers? Again, that's a possibility. But it's incumbent upon us in our hospitals to create the same kind of safe circumstances, safe environment for outpatient surgical patients, outpatient cardiology patients and so forth. But substitute settings are something that we are studying, and we are thinking about as we go through this transition. And obviously, we believe we're already well prepared to respond to those. And again, it may create opportunities down the road, but there are levels of risk as well. So we have to balance all of that out. But we think again HCA's diversification of services, diversification of facilities, diversification of markets give us opportunities to navigate through that transition better than most.
Sam Hazen: Well, obviously this crisis is not a parallel necessarily to any other recession that we've been through. It's got public health connected to it as well as economy. And the third variable, as you just mentioned, is energy. So we have three pressure points, if you will, that we're trying to sort out. I don't know that we have a read on the energy implications for Texas at this particular point in time. Again, Texas is more diversified today than it's ever been. Obviously, energy in that particular industry plays a huge part in the economy but not as much as it did 10 years ago and clearly not as much as it did 20 years ago. For us, we have 43 markets in the U. S. Texas is clearly significant and we will continue to pay attention to those detail. But across the portfolios, one market in Huston is less than 10% of the company and won't necessarily fully influence the company's results. But those are difficult for us to ascertain at this point in time and we really don't have any visibility into it and cannot speak to the implications just yet.
Sam Hazen: Steven, thank you so much. Marcella, I think we're finished with the call. Listen, I want to again thank everyone for joining us today. Those of you who are shareholders of the company on the call, I want to thank you for your support of the company. And I will be around obviously to answer additional questions that you might have. So feel free to give me a call. Have a wonderful week. Thank you.
Bill Rutherford: Well, first as Sam mentioned, we think partnerships was a good, was an important guiding principle for us. And we've been in active discussion with our payers, and we are very pleased with their support during this process. And I think our normal kind of AR process is continuing on there. So we're thankful for their efforts on that. Relative to cash flow, I don't know if April is a proxy. As we've said, we think the second quarter will be probably the most pronounced quarter and then hopefully we will begin to see some recovery throughout the quarter. I think the steps that the company has taken and I mentioned regarding liquidity, position the company very well not only from where we finish the first quarter. But you look at the additional actions that we've taken with the share repurchase program, adjustments to our capital spending. And then as I mentioned with the administration support to the Cares Act, our cash position is very strong from where we sit right now. So, we believe we're in a very strong position from a liquidity standpoint and our focus has really been working through providing the necessary response during this timeframe.
Bill Rutherford: Scott, this is Bill. Let me try and answer that. One, we are appreciative of that 20% add-on for COVID patients as part of the Cares Act. I don't think in a net-net of all the things we're experienced and that will be that material. I think the most significant part of the Care Acts are the items that are mentioned regarding the accelerated Medicare payments, as well as distributions from the fond and there's other aspects of that that I think will be beneficial for us. So, we are appreciative of that 20% add-on. I can't tell you we've actually seen it yet, but I fully expect it will play out in our claims as we adjudicate it. I think the MA plans will adopt similar reimbursement programs that the federal government does. I do not know about Medicaid programs that yet, we can follow-up on that. But given the COVID activity that we've seen in that amount, I don't view that being that material. I think the most significant things going on with the Cares Act are things that we've been in discussion with the policymakers about understanding just the overall impact to the healthcare system and the additional costs that healthcare providers are experiencing in their preparation, and then just this potential movement with uninsured patients. So that's where our focus has been. 
Bill Rutherford: So I think the [$7 million] once we go through our processes will show up in revenue in Q2, and we’ll see what other fund distributions may occur. Regarding the other aspects, obviously I mentioned the two significant. The sequestration aspect, we believe will be approximately $100 million for us between the balance of the year at historical Medicare volumes. So that number would be adjusted with our Medicare volumes be in a little shorter than where they historically been. The DSH was really just a continued deferral, which we had already in our plans anticipated that would be deferral. So I think the sequestration, the fund distributions and the accelerated Medicare payments, would be the most significant things we call out.
Bill Rutherford: On the Cares Act, if I said long-term, I didn't mean long-term. I think we view the Cares Act activity that we've seen really being more immediate term. Clearly, through the accelerated payment program we received that was in a short-term item to recognize the impact to the industry. And we know those funds have to be repaid starting in August over an eight month period of time. I think the distributions from the public health fund is a great for start and is recognition of the impact on there. So we see most of the Cares Act activity being much more of an immediate term impact to recognize the disruption that's going on with healthcare providers across the country.
Bill Rutherford: On the cost side, I think it's too early to try to quantify the impact of all of these. Clearly, we identified some of the stage one actions, which is really more focused around some of our immediate discretionary spending in our stage two that we're in. Now as we begin to reboot process basically goes deeper into our cost structure, mostly around discretionary spend giving our commitment to our employees. And then you look at the stage three, which we really aren't implementing yet but we'll be prepared to if the circumstances require. We really get more into some of the changes to our fixed cost structure and going deeper into our cost side. But all of that and we'll pay some will be dependent on how we see the volume returning as we go through these different phases.
Bill Rutherford: Gary, first thanks for your comments. And yes, you're correct on both of those. They're cash flow items only. There will be no P&L impact of the accelerated Medicare payments or the deferral of the FICA taxes. We will continue to accrue the expenses associated with the employer sponsor FICA taxes or P&L, it just the payment gets deferred and the accelerated payments will just go on the balance sheet until we go through the repayment cycles.
Bill Rutherford: At the end of the day, we do not have the visibility into the formula of the distribution of the remaining funds. We stay connected. We have given our views of different fomulas. We understand there is a lot of constituencies that are also doing the same. So as of today, we just don't know what that formula will be. We understand there’s some discussions on different metrics that will be tie to either going disproportionately to certain areas of the country and/or considering uninsured or considering some disruptions on there. We think position we've outlined is that almost every institution is impacted regardless of the number of COVID patients. So we'll just have to wait to see on that. I think on the payer mix changes, you're right, that is obviously an important variable that we are modeling. I think today is different maybe than in past eras were, because we have some states that have expanded in Medicaid and that we have subsidies available for people to purchase coverage in the health insurance exchanges. Those are two different dynamics today than were in place the last time we went through an economic cycle. So we'll have to see how that plays out. My sense is those are longer term implications, much more than they are shorter terms. Even as COBRA gets extended and as we are working with various community agencies to try to help people understand the potential coverage options in the event they find themselves unemployed for a period of time. So I do believe that will be a longer term impact, and we'll just have to wait to see how that plays out.
