Sam Hazen: Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us today. Earlier today, we reported our second quarter results. The results were driven by positive trends in the following areas, solid volume growth, cost metrics that were mostly in line with our expectations and good performance from our acquisitions. These positive results were offset by slower growth in revenue per equivalent admissions which resulted in reported revenue and adjusted EBITDA that were slightly below are our internal expectations. Adjusted EBITDA grew by approximately 3% to $2.3 billion, with adjusted EBITDA margin at 18.2%. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $2.25, which was down 2.6% from last year. We have carefully reviewed what drove this lower revenue growth and importantly we don't believe it represents a headwind with respect to achieving our four years earnings guidance. Bill will provide the details in his comments. Revenue grew by almost $1.1 billion, a 9.3% increase. This increase was driven by volume growth broadly across our markets, service lines and by revenue generated from our recent acquisitions. On a same facilities basis, revenue grew by 4.3%. Inpatient admissions and equivalent admissions grew 2.1% and 2.6%, respectively. Emergency room visits grew 3% and total surgeries were up modestly. We have now grown same facilities inpatient admissions in 21 consecutive quarters. Inpatient market share trends remained positive for the company. Based upon an analysis of our results and year-to-date performance, we are confident in the second half of the year. We have not seen any major structural changes within our markets from a competitive standpoint, physician standpoint, payor standpoint or execution standpoint. The fundamentals in our markets remain strong with growing demand for healthcare services. We continue to believe we are well-positioned for growth as we execute our operational initiatives, improve the overall competitive positioning of our local healthcare systems and integrate our acquired hospitals. The strategic investments we are making to expand the inpatient and outpatient capacity within our networks and improve our clinical capabilities create more opportunity for patients to access high-quality convenient care in an HCA Healthcare facility. With that, let me turn the call over to Bill.
Sam Hazen: Thank you Bill. Before we go to Q&A, I want to make four more points. First, our management teams are relentlessly focused on executing our agenda as we have always been. Secondly, we are confident in what we are doing and our outlook for 2019. Third, periodically we have quarterly results that don't reflect our longer run beliefs. The first quarter was that and the second quarter was also that. That's why we believe year-to-date performance is more indicative. And fourth, where appropriate we are making adjustments to our cost structure as we historically have done. So with that, Ian, let's go into questions-and-answers.
Sam Hazen: All right. Pito, thank you. This is how I would answer that question. We had 12 of 14 domestic divisions that had admission growth. We had 12 of 14 adjusted admissions or divisions that had adjusted admissions growth. On the managed care side, we had eight divisions that were up, two that were flat and four that were down. On surgeries, in total we had nine divisions that were up, one was flat and four was down. So generally speaking, our portfolio performed pretty well. We did have a couple of markets that were softer than we anticipated. We understand what those drivers are. We think we have the appropriate responses in place to deal with them and we will continue to execute on those. To give you a few more statistics on the volume side, which again, the company had a very productive volume quarter. Rehab admissions were up 8%. As Bill said, our emergency room visits were up 3%. Our trauma was up almost 15%. We had tremendous growth again in our cardiac volumes with our PCI volume, our cardiac CAT volume up 2.5%, electrophysiology up 4%, CV surgery up 4.5%. So we had a very broad based, as I mentioned in my comments, service line growth and also division wide growth. The issue is, we were a little bit softer in total for our managed care admissions, as Bill alluded to and that did put some pressure in the quarter on our revenue. I don't think it significantly changes our thinking around investments. As I mentioned, we believe our strategy is appropriate for the market. We continue to invest in it in an appropriate way in my opinion and we think it will produce opportunities for the company to generate growth in the future.
Sam Hazen: A.J., this is Sam. I don't know that we have anything that would suggest the seasonal patterns are changing on us. I mean we went through a period of time, as we have discussed on these calls in the past, where we felt there was some migration to outpatient procedures in the last part of the year because of deductibles and holidays and so forth. So we tend to see some outpatient surgical activity and procedure activity increase in the fourth quarter. But as it relates to the first half of the year, I don't know that we have any indications that seasonality factors are changing on us. I think my point was that, you know, the first quarter was incredibly good for HCA and had tremendous, like mid teens same stores growth, if I remember correctly and we just felt that we had a perfectly good quarter that yielded tremendous bottomline results. And then we looked at the second quarter and it just didn't play out as we had anticipated entirely. Not that far off, as Bill indicated. And so, when we sort of pull up and look at the business and then look at our markets and we just completed our midyear reviews with our divisions, we feel pretty good about where we are on a year-to-date basis and we think that's fairly reflective of our business and how it should play out over the remainder of the year. And so, that's why we sort of called it out that way. But we will continue to study. We will hopefully get a good indicator here in the third quarter and move through the year as we think. But there is nothing to suggest that seasonality has played into this in any material way.
Sam Hazen: Well, clearly, with an extra business day, we will have more procedures most likely because of that. So whether or not, over the course of the whole quarter that will have a material impact, we will just have to wait and see. But business days to influence our surgical activity and some of our procedure activity.
Sam Hazen: Well, I would say, it's a bit of a blend. It's not one or the other. I don't think the second quarter is necessarily reflective of commercial volumes. We have had, I think, six straight quarters where we have had adjusted admission growth in our commercial activity. I think five straight quarters heading into the second quarter where we had inpatient commercial admission growth. So we don't necessarily see anything changing within the markets, as I have mentioned, that would suggest that the second quarter is the marker for us as we move forward. But when you do bump up our expectations for some rebound there plus some cost initiatives where we think we have some incremental opportunities for improvement, those two combined, I think, Justin give us a reasonable level of confidence as we look to the last half of the year.
Sam Hazen: Yes. Let me just add to that, Bill. I think a couple of things. Over the past five to 10 years, we have been on this journey to try to narrow the band amongst our payors so that there is not a large delta between the lowest payor and the highest payor. And we have a delta but it's not significant and we have narrowed it significantly over time. So that's point number one. Point number two, we think we are competitive in the marketplace. Otherwise, we would not be accomplishing contract renewals at the pace that we are. And for 2020, we are about 80% contracted. And for 2021, we are about 60% contracted at what I would call normal inflationary trends. Therefore, I believe we are generally competitive. To Bill's point, there could be a market here or there where we are under a competitor. We believe that in a handful of cases, there could be a market here or there where maybe we are in a better position from a he pricing standpoint and we will just have to sort that out over time. But at this point, we are focused on the patient and getting the patient the necessary information for them to understand their cost. So we are going to go through this comment period that CMS has offered and make sure we push forward appropriate thoughts and appropriate ideas on dealing with the patient and it will determine whether or not there is an appropriate way to deal with other kind of pricing that is embedded in the proposed rule.
Sam Hazen: Yes. We are in a turnaround, I would say, in Houston. We struggled for a couple of years, as we have called out on this call in the past. And I think this year, we have started our recovery and we are seeing pretty good results from some of our initiatives to grow our business. We have seen some results with respect to consolidating some excess capacity. The new acquisition we did in the Northwest side of town is going to be a nice acquisition for us. So all-in-all, the branding, I think, the re-purposing of some assets, the focus that the team has put forth in that market is starting to show results. We think the macros in Houston have turned a little bit where we are starting to see job growth again and see a slightly better payor mix in that market than what we have seen historically. So we are pretty pleased with the first six months of the year's performance in Houston and believe some of the other initiatives, strategically, that we have in place including branding are going to be productive for us. The graduate medical education program that you speak to is in an early stage and has really not yielded anything yet but we think over time, it will be a valuable program for us in the Houston market.
Sam Hazen: Well, I will try to generalize it as best I can. Obviously, it's market-to-market and somewhat competitor-to-competitor. I think the unique thing about HCA and we have mentioned this before, is we don't compete against the same systems from one market to the other. We believe fundamentally that creates competitive advantage for us as we look to deliver best practice solutions from one market to the other or allocate resources in a more timely manner. I think generally speaking, most of our competitors are trying to do a lot of what we are trying to do. They are trying to attract physicians. They are trying to create outpatient capabilities that are responsive to the markets and so forth. And so I think from that standpoint, those are always won and lost in my opinion, when it comes down to execution, when it comes down to detailing your business and your relationships with physicians and so forth and then really creating a compelling offering for the patient. And we think that's in HCA's wheelhouse. And so we have been about that for many years and we will continue to be about that. And we think it's that level of execution and such that ultimately delivers market share gains. Again, we are growing our market share on the inpatient side, as we have mentioned. We have actually grown our market share from a commercial standpoint. We don't have the second quarter of 2019 yet. So we have fairly broad-based market share performance. When you look at the most recent available data, which is all of 2018, we had two-thirds of our markets grow their market share. The company, in total, is at an all-time high on both overall market share as well commercial market share. So we think our approach to building out comprehensive and clinically capable networks that are easy to access for our patients, very responsive to our physicians and produce a positive outcome for our payors, for our patients and others is yielding results and we will continue to focus on that and we will continue to resource that as we move forward and we think that's going to be a successful model for us.
Sam Hazen: So let me speak to outpatient surgery. This is Sam. So our hospital-based outpatient surgeries were up 1.9% in the quarter. Our ambulatory surgery center surgical volumes were down 0.6%. And then, our U.K. surgery volumes were down and that influenced sort of the composite. But when you look at our hospital-based outpatient surgery, up almost 2%, that's a pretty good number for us. Some of that was a migration from inpatient in a couple of service lines, as Bill alluded to, but it didn't influence, I think, the aggregate number in any significant way for the company. In the ambulatory surgery center area, we actually categorize our surgical cases into three tiers, Tier 3 being the most significantly reimbursed, Tier 2 in the middle and Tier 1 at the lowest. When you look at our Tier 1 volumes, they were down significantly. That's some ophthalmology cases, some pain cases and so forth. And that's what influenced the metric for the quarter. I don't recall the specifics in the second quarter of last year. But we feel pretty good about what we are doing with our surgical growth initiatives and our quality and investment initiatives inside of our ORs and we have had a fairly good pattern of growth. Over time, it does go up and down a little bit from one quarter to the other. Some of that could be calendar, some of it can be this transition that we spoke to, but generally speaking, we had a pretty good metric this quarter with our outpatient surgeries. Again, inpatient surgeries were the metric of concern for us. They were slightly down. Flattish, if you will, domestically, but down with international. And so that created a little bit of pressure. We will have to continue to work on that and monitor that as we move forward. But all-in-all, our surgical activity on the outpatient side, I think, is yielding pretty good results for the company.
Sam Hazen: Well, I answered that, I think earlier. I don't remember who asked it. It may have been Justin. But I do think we are not of the mind yet that our commercial volume growth is flattening out. Again, we have had five quarters in a row, heading into the second quarter where we had inpatient admission growth on commercial activity and six quarters heading into the second quarter and now, seven, if you count outpatient where we have had adjusted admission growth. And so, we don't see anything, again, from a structural standpoint whether it's payor, physician, competitor, what have you that would suggest that our trends should just immediately change. As it relates to pricing trends, as we sequentially move through the rest of the year, we do typically run about third quarter and second quarter very close. And then we ramp up in the fourth quarter through normal contract provisions that we have and so forth. And we don't see anything at this particular point in time preventing us from being able to ramp up in the fourth quarter as we typically do. Obviously, some of our Medicare increase has come through in the fourth quarter as well. As we mentioned earlier, we do have a calendar day advantage in the third quarter that tends to produce more commercial activity because of the type of volume we get typically from commercial activity. So there could be some influence there as we work through the quarter. So we are pretty confident in what I will call the structural aspects of our business. And none of those issues suggest that anything has changed in any material fashion that would cause us concern. And that's why we are reiterating our confidence in our outlook for the rest of the year.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Pito, this is Bill. Let me try to address that. As Sam mentioned, our teams are making adjustments every day. We have great operators and we are obviously proud of the work they do. We manage productivity daily, even hourly matching our labor trends to projected volume. And I mentioned our productivity gains in the comments. We have process improvement teams throughout our operations who work in a variety of cost efficiencies such as throughput in the emergency room and OR, also working with our clinical teams on clinical efficiencies. We benchmark ourselves to our best performers on a wide range of metrics and identify improvement opportunities. We continue to strive for cost efficiencies in our support structures and continuing to leverage size of scale, which we have been doing for some time in revenue cycle, supply chain, information technology support, human resources and the like. And then as Sam mentioned, we will look for fixed costs and overhead reductions, where appropriate and where we believe we have the opportunity. So we continue to believe we have appropriate control systems around managing our cost structure. As we step back, we don't cost management was the issue for the quarter. We continue to make adjustments where we believe is appropriate and will continue to do that in the future.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Thanks Steve. Let me start. So on the supplemental payments on there, we did not expect that to reoccur. We didn't call it out in 2018, because it wasn't really an issue on a year-over-year basis because we had at least two of the three programs we mentioned in 2017 and 2018. As we went through our budget process, we knew those wouldn't reoccur. So they were not in our internal plan as we went forward in 2019. So that's why our internal plan, we weren't that far off on our performance for the level. On the managed care volume, as Sam mentioned, it's a handful of markets. We did see our commercial surgical volume decline in that area. That did flow through on the acuity in a couple of service lines. But as Sam mentioned, we don't think that we see any structural or significant changes across the marketplace. So that influenced both the volume and the flow-through to acuity related to that.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Ralph, let me try to take some of those. When we look at the service lines, it was in some of our spine surgical procedures, orthopedics and some women services. We think on the orthopedic side on the commercial, we could have caught some of that as they moved into the outpatient area. But it's mainly in the spine and women services and the same metric spread among a handful of markets on there. On the collection rates, we are not seeing any material change in our collection rates. Our net days actually had declined on us for the year. So we continue to feel very comfortable with our revenue cycle operations. And the net revenue per admission for our commercial side was running 3.5% on a revenue per admission in the second quarter.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. This is Bill. I will take a stab at that. Obviously, it's early. We just got that last night. We are still interpreting that. We have been on record that HCA supports price transparency and we believe that's helping our patients gain a reasonable understanding and estimate of the cost prior to service. So we support those efforts. We will have to see an implementation in terms of the specific procedures out there our approach to complying with that and we think HCA will continue to show good value. We don't know exactly where we stand relative to others in the marketplace and we think that will create some opportunities, maybe some challenges there. But we think, again, the HCA system will stand up well on a price transparency view.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Frank, let me try. The quarter, you have to align, we mentioned it before, on our business days. April had a favorable business day. June, you had one less business day. So I normalize for that. But I don't think we, you know, see any intra-quarterly trends of any material nature in the trends that we are talking about. Relative to surprise billing, I don't think there is any new developments out there. We have, you know, worked with various policymakers and industry leaders to express our views on surprise billing and we will see where that ultimately finalizes. But we don't think that's an issue for us in the near term as we as we look at various proposed legislations that out there.
Bill Rutherford: I think it's pretty consistent. When we look at the overall labor trends, as I mentioned in my comments, josh, our productivity improves. We improved just under 1% for the quarter. Our wage rates at 2.6% are in line with our expectations. Our temporary and contract labor has remained stable recent. We are very proud of the efforts our operators are making on that front. We are running nice turnover ratios in there. So again, when we step back and look at the cost trends and when we manage our per unit basis, they are very consistent with our trends. We recognize per as a percentage of revenue, they are showing some growth. But just as in the first quarter when you got really solid commercial growth it helps the per revenue stats and the opposite occurred in the second quarter. But when we look at how we are managing the cost on a volume basis, they are remaining relatively and stable in our view across all categories, labor and supplies, at that standpoint.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. This is Bill. See, we do not comment on the current quarter. So we will leave our comments to the period ending June 30 in the second quarter and year-to-date.
Bill Rutherford: This is Bill. I will try. I think that's the point. I don't know and I don't have any data in front of me to suggest that if we move to reference for the state employees that it would have a major impact on our North Carolina operations. But I do think from a precedent standpoint, we don't believe having government dictate fixed pricing, especially Medicare pricing, is an appropriate kind of response to managing health care demand. So I think that's where our focus will be on that topic. I don't view it will be a material issue to HCA as we run it up. And as we go through our 2020 planning, if it becomes an item we will disclose it. But I don't think at this point, that particular issue will be a material issue for us.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. Kevin, this is Bill. Let me try to take that. After the first quarter, we feel that a lot of questions about our guidance adjustment that we made in the first quarter which, you know, we raised our guidance after first quarter $100 million, which was primarily due to that favorable payer settlement we recorded in the first quarter. We indicated we typically wouldn't raise guidance further after just one quarter, but we did just for that settlement. So obviously now the half of the year is behind us. Well, in essence, we did was tighten our guidance by raising the previous low and about $150 million, which obviously effectively raises the midpoint by $75 million. So as we look at our year-to-date performance, it's an appropriate benchmark, we think, as we have said several times throughout the call for our full year guidance expectations. And if you look at year-to-date, once you adjust for the payor settlement for us, we have grown EBITDA just over 9%. And so our new midpoint suggests just over 9% growth for the second half of the year when you adjust for last year's insurance settlement and the Harvey settlement that we had. So we believe that tightening the guidance range after the second quarter, looking at the midpoint is really consistent with what our year-to-date trends. And so that was really what was behind the tightening and the raising of the midpoint of our guidance after this quarter.
Bill Rutherford: Yes. This is Bill. Let me start. So we are very pleased with the performance of the acquisitions and they did have a good quarter. As you mentioned, we anticipated them in our guidance to contribute about 3%. That's what they had in the first quarter. They ran stronger in the second quarter. Year-to-date, we are running about 4% contribution from our acquisitions. Mission, in particular, continues to perform very well. We are ahead of both our internal expectations and plan at Mission. As did Savannah. Savannah is progressing nicely and had a nice growth in the quarter. So overall, the performance is very strong for the acquisition. I think when we look at the full year, we still think 3% to 4% contribution is probably a good number for all the acquisitions. And the Houston market is on track as well with our plans. We have made some adjustments in Houston. Our North Cypress acquisition in that market is performing very nicely. So are overall pleased with the performance of the acquisitions in the quarter and a little ahead of our expectations on a year-to-date basis.
