Samuel Hazen: All right. Thanks, Bill. Good morning to everybody. I'm going to provide more detail on our volume results for the quarter as compared to the fourth quarter of last year. My comments will focus on our on same-facilities domestic operations. Nine of 14 divisions had growth in admissions. Growth was especially strong in our North Florida, Tennessee, North Texas, and Capitol divisions, and conversely our East Florida and Far West divisions were weak. All other divisions were slightly up or slightly down in the quarter. Eleven of 14 divisions had growth in adjusted admissions; 12 of 14 divisions had growth in emergency room visits; freestanding emergency room visits grew 20%, while hospital-based emergency room visits increased 1.6%. Once again, growth was stronger in higher acuity visits, but we did see some solid growth in lower acuity visits also. Admissions through the emergency room grew by 2.5%. The company ended the year with 72 operational freestanding emergency rooms. We had 63 at the end of last year for 2016. Currently, we have 12 more that we expect to open at 2018 and another 21 in 2019. Trauma and EMS volumes grew by 6% and 3.5% respectively. Inpatient surgeries were up 1.1%. Surgical admissions were 28% of total admissions in the quarter, consistent with the prior year. Surgical volumes continue to be strong in cardiovascular and orthopedic service lines. Nine of 14 divisions had growth in inpatient surgeries. Outpatient surgeries were up also 1.1%. Volumes were up in both our hospital-based and freestanding ambulatory surgery centers. Behavioral health admissions grew 3.2%. Rehab admissions grew 5.7%. Cardiology procedure volumes, both inpatient and outpatient combined were up 2.5%. Births were down 2.4%, which was consistent with the trend we have seen for the entire year. Neonatal admissions however increased slightly at 0.6%. Urgent care business for the company were up 10% on a same-facilities basis and 29% in total. The company ended the year with a 123 urgent care centers in its networks, up from 80 at the end of the last year. We anticipate another 15 centers to 20 centers will open in 2018. To recap the year, volumes across most categories and most divisions continue to grow. 2017 was the 10 consecutive year of same-facilities admissions and adjusted admissions growth for the company. Growth this year, as you heard, was slightly off our plan, most of the variants was explained we believe about low birthrates and less growth in emergency room visits. We remain confident about the prospects for long-run growth across HCA's portfolio of markets. As I have stated before, we believe healthcare demand for services in our markets will over time grow on average around 2% to 2.5% annually. We believe this demand is driven by the following factors: First, population growth; second, utilization increases driven by the aging of baby boomers; third, growth in chronic conditions; and fourth, strong and diverse market economies resulting in job growth. As you heard, we are investing more in our growth agenda with a planned ramp up in capital spending. We believe this increase in spending is compelling for a variety of reasons. First, we need to address inpatient capacity constraints. Inpatient occupancy levels for the company ended the year at an all-time high of almost 72% of operational beds. Over the past three years, we have added approximately 1,350 inpatient beds to our markets. We expect to add approximately 2,000 beds in the next three years. Second, within our existing markets, we are adding more outpatient facilities and creating a comprehensive and diverse array of facility offerings. Currently, we have approximately 1,800 outpatient facilities and clinics across the company; we estimate that we should have over 2000 by 2020. And finally, we are investing more in clinical technology and other types of technologies to enhance quality outcomes and experience for our patients, to improve the environment in which our nurses deliver care, and to make our facilities to preferred place to practice for physicians. In sum, we believe capital spending should allow us to capitalize on the growth and demand, drive gains and market share, and yield a positive return. I said this last quarter and I want to say it again, we continue to refine and enhance our efforts and our execution systems to improve and grow our business. We believe these refinements and enhancements will deliver value for our patients and physicians, create a better environment for our employees to work, allow us to compete more effectively in a dynamic marketplace, sustained growth, and thus drive shareholder value. With that, let me turn the call back over to Vic.
Samuel Hazen: We are assuming at some level, Frank, that there will be a slight rebound in both of those areas. And that will help prop up the overall demand. We do believe, however, that there are other factors driving our guidance with respect to volume. And that is capital spending. Yes, our investment in outpatient facilities and physician strategies also and numerous other initiatives that have been sort of our core approach to the market all along. And we think those elements will allow us to recover market share gains again and ultimately compete, I think, in a marketplace that we believe is starting to recover slightly from where it was over the past 18 months and that's sort of our thinking.
Samuel Hazen: First, let me say this when you think about the total spend that the company is incurring and forecasting over the next few years at 3.5 billion, obviously the biggest component of that is on our inpatient chassis where we have to add beds and other infrastructure capabilities, the aspects of outpatient facilities and such is obviously low capital cost per unit. And so, I think in the overall scheme of our capital budget, outpatient will never supplant - not never, institution is strong, unlikely to supplant sort of our spending on our inpatient facilities. It's important to understand that HCA has roughly 180 hospitals across the company. And like I said in my comments, we have about 1800 outpatient facilities already. And expect that to grow to about 2000 in 2020. The way we think about our outpatient strategy is looking at the hospital as an individual entity with outpatient offering if you will, for example, free standing emergency rooms attached to certain hospital, physician clinics attached to certain hospital, urgent care wrapped around all of that attached to certain hospital and certain components of the market. So, we look at all of these micro systems if you will. And they are centered around this notion of us needing to be comprehensive including ambulatory surgery and certain imaging capabilities in an outpatient environment. The outpatient space has always been competitive. In many markets, there is no certificate need on outpatient facilities today. And we continue to be, we think, responsive to the marketplace with our approach and our strategy. Our belief is that having a fully integrated network of inpatient facilities, emergency room, outpatient facilities, physician clinic is a very synergistic platform for achieving a growth, for better patient experience, for technology and information flow and so forth. And so, the care coordination process becomes a better method inside of an integrated system. And that's how we are thinking about it. And that's why we are investing, I think, consistently on both the inpatient side as well as the outpatient side. And I'll end with this, as we grow our outpatient facilities and activities, we have to have downstream capacity available in the inpatient space in order to receive the business that may start somewhere else in our network. That has been an ongoing effort inside of HCA to improve care coordination and try to keep the patient in the HCA system when they need further care downstream. So that's our approach. That's our strategy. We think it's responsive to the consumer, our physicians, and the marketplace as a whole.
Samuel Hazen: Well, we haven't really changed our process on capital spending for the last five or six years. I think we have a very comprehensive approach and a very detailed approach that we believe yields positive returns. And we have got a history of proving that, we believe. The process that begins with what I'll call capacity and utilization metrics that indicate to us where are we approaching a constraint that might prevent us from being able to grow in a particular market and like I said on the inpatient side, right now, we're running at almost 72% on average, which includes weekends when obviously hospitals do not have as many patients in them typically. Inside of our emergency rooms today or in 2017, we averaged 88% of our utilization target. That was our capacity utilization there. And so those are fairly tight metrics that we start with. The second thing we do is look at the growth opportunities within the particular market, whether it's a population trend, a physician group opportunity, a particular service line opportunity, a technology requirement, whatever the case may be to support our initiatives. We're evaluating that in the context of that particular market's dynamics. And then from there, we go through a process that still base initially, works its way up to me and the team up here, where we incorporate corporate perspectives before we sign off on a particular project. Our approach, like I said, has been to deliver sufficient capital to ensure that our facilities are maintaining their equipment and their curb appeal appropriately. That's our routine bucket as we typically call it and that average is probably 1.2 billion to 1.4 billion, let's just say. Then, we have about 250 million or so that we have for our IT initiatives that Milton alluded to in his comments and then the balance typically is centered around execution of our growth agenda, whether it's capacity on the inpatient or outpatient facilities. Again, we think our model is diverse. We're not investing in any concentrated fashion in any particular market. It's very distributed across HCA number one. Number two, it's distributed across hospitals within those markets. Number three, it's distributed across service watch, so we have a very conservative approach to capital allocation we believe across the portfolio of the markets. And then finally, I'll say this. Our belief is that adding capital to existing businesses, existing facilities, especially our inpatient operations is very synergistic. The fixed costs are largely intact. The medical staff is already there. The clinical reputation is there competitively in the market and then we have the network around it to support those investments and those projects tend to produce very positive returns for us. We did a study just recently where we went back and looked at all of our major projects over the past three or four years and with the exception of a couple of scenarios, we were exceeding our expectations, including an embedded organic growth component. So we're very pleased with the outcomes of our projects. It gives us confidence as we go forward and expand the overall spending levels for the company.
Samuel Hazen: We did not perform well in the fourth quarter. It was a little bit below our expectations and you're right. We had a better third quarter than previous first half of the year, but unfortunately, we had a really difficult December in London and our results on a year-over-year basis were down $12 million when you look at it in US dollars. So it's not that tremendous. But we do think we're approaching, I'll call it the bottom and have the right strategies, both on the top line as well as restructuring our operations over there from a cost standpoint to respond to the marketplace and create a more stable environment for us as we go into 2018.
Samuel Hazen: Sure. The flu contributed somewhere around 0.5% to our admission statistic in the month or in the fourth quarter. Most of that did occur in December. And then, for our emergency room visits, I think it was about 0.9% of our activity was attributable to flu. So there was some modest element of flu activity in the quarter, but what was interesting, the non-flu volume, as Bill and Milton just spoke to was incredibly intense and acute and that's how we were able to deliver case mix index growth in the face of flu growth in the quarter. So really spoke to our core business being very strong in the period.
Samuel Hazen: We're not getting in the short run any significant change in negotiations with the managed care companies as a result of tax reform. We think there is still certain trends in our business, certain trends in their business and we don't believe that's going to radically change the discussion there. And as Milton indicated, we're 85% contracted in 2018 already. We're roughly 50% contracted in 2019 and around 25% to 30% in 2020. So we do have some open contracts out there, but we think that the discussion is more centered on the core business, and not necessarily the tax reform.
Samuel Hazen: We don't, at this particular point in time, have fourth quarter market share data, so it's difficult to say exactly how the quarter is stacking up from a market share gain standpoint. Our market share, as I've indicated in the past, and as the current data which is through the second quarter of 2017 indicates, it's stable and it hasn't been growing like it did in the previous periods as we've indicated in the past. So we're anxious to see what the third and fourth quarter data will show. We do believe that we have the right approach, however, to delivering market share gains again for the company, some of this is connected to all the points we've been making throughout this call. So we're very confident we think in our approach to our systems from one market to the other, being able to compete and hopefully gain market share. What was the last question? I'm sorry. I think that you're right. Most of our competitors in HCA's markets are tax exempt systems that aren't benefiting from the tax reform act that was passed. And so for us, it does create an advantage by comparison to them and we think we're trying to utilize that advantage appropriately as Milton indicated with investments in our communities and investments in our workforce, so that we can deliver a better service to our patients and have the necessary capacity to really benefit from the growth strategies that we have.
Samuel Hazen: Gary, when we look at our domestic operation - our same stores domestic operation revenue in 2017 grew by 4.2%. And this was on sort of a slower growth platform that we've experienced in past years. So I think from the standpoint of total revenue growth, we're in a pretty good spot we believe with the guidance and with our experience. I'm not sure I understand your point vis-à-vis our actual performance this year.
Bill Rutherford: Yes, with respect to the pipeline, AJ, we continue to have a lot of potential transactions that we are looking at. As you know, from following HCA, we are very disciplined with respect to acquisitions. We set pretty high bars as far as the characteristics of the market and asset positioning within the market. So - but we do have a pipeline. We are pleased with the number of transactions we were able to complete in 2017. Of course, we have the Savannah Memorial Health coming online probably within two days, on the 1st of February. And we are very excited about entering that new market and the prospects for our future in Savannah. With respect to some of the other consolidation activities, we don't see that having at this point a major impact on our outlook. We are not - when you think about those consolidations, we are not adding new competitors in any of our markets. They do may get benefit from scale. But again here over the intermediate term, we don't foresee those transactions that have been announced having an impact on our outlook.
Bill Rutherford: And Justin this is William, the interest deductibility and the EBITDA year, we don't see any phase out the of the interest deductibility of any material nature in the first five years of the tax and jobs cut.
Bill Rutherford: The acquisitions will contribute roughly 70 to 100 basis points of growth next year. We've factored that in to our guidance. In the first year, they will come in at modest margins and so there will be a slight dilution effect overall as a company, we still anticipate around a margin maintenance after those acquisitions.
Bill Rutherford: Ralph, this is Bill. I'll start. And then Sam or Milt can add on. We're duly pleased with the fourth quarter. We did see an improvement in the payer mix. As we mentioned, we had 0.5% growth in our managed and other on an adjusted admission basis. I would say going into 2018, we would expect a modest improvement in our commercial trends for next year. We've got that factored in to our guidance. You're right, the fourth quarter on a revenue per adjusted admission was high, it was all driven by acuity and case mix as we mentioned. I think over the longer period of time, as we indicated in our guidance that will settle in more in that 4% to 5% range over a period of time and that's pretty consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years. So that's what I think is best case to model our commercial book to look at.
Bill Rutherford: And Peter I would just add that the managed care companies are benefiting from tax reform as well. So it's not just one side picking up the benefits. And on the M&A model, it's a factor in there, but as Milton talked about, our primary thing on the M&A is making sure we're in a strong market with a strategic asset. That's our primary focus in the acquisition side. Clearly, there might be some incremental benefit with historical versus perspective taxes, but that's more secondary in our analysis.
Bill Rutherford: And Gary, can I add one more, you threw out kind of the health reform years, but recall on those health reform years, not only do we have the benefit of health exchanges, but as we said throughout that period of time, our organic non-health exchange was really robust during those period of times. So I'm not so sure, if you exclude those periods, we're below the 4 as a starting point holds up for us.
Bill Rutherford: I think on the CapEx, I think as Sam was describing the different types of capital investments, we clearly go through a pretty rigorous review of those looking at kind of the market demand, financial returns, and I would say that every project goes through its own analysis in terms of financial returns and internal rate of returns. Generally, when you're characterizing those growth investments that are either in patient capacity or even expansion of our outpatient network, they're meeting above company standards returns. And again as we look at it as a portfolio, we think we've got this consistent kind of track record of growing return on invested capital. So there is really no hard and fast kind of one threshold that we use. Each project and each type of project would generally stay on its own, but all of them generally would come with attractive returns that we factor in to our decision to go forward with the investment.
Milton Johnson: To break it down, I mean, Justin, with the performance we had in the fourth quarter, obviously, the contribution - the improvement in volume, the acuity of that volume yielding a very good break on the volume on top of I think a highly effective cost management quarter contributed to the upside. And it's hard to maybe parse it out and break it, but it is one of those quarters where we really were pleased with the performance across all those metrics that are important to kind of produce this sort of result and beat the expectations for fourth quarter. But again, I am very pleased with the management team, our operators in the field and others that really like I said in my comments, we saw softer volumes in the first part of the year. We faced the hurricane and then in this fourth quarter to see solid volumes on top of really effective cost management, and again, the acuity growth in terms of that volume contributing to rate. So across the board, I think you would have to give credit to all three dimensions for the success of the quarter.
Milton Johnson: Our commercial rates are consistent and '18 versus last couple of years. So again, the case mix in this quarter obviously was a boost to that rate, but as Bill said, we think somewhere in the 4% to 5% zone would be a reasonable expectation.
Milton Johnson: Yeah. I mean, I think we currently believe that we can grow our business a net 4% to 6% EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA zone. The capital that we're investment - these are long term investments in our markets. We expect them to continue as we have in recent years produced solid returns in yields for us. And if we can accomplish that again, that's how we intend to grow that 4% to 6%. And you follow us for a year, historically an organic growth company and as Sam has mentioned in his comments, we operate in really very good markets for healthcare. We see population growth, increase in chronic conditions, all the things that Sam mentioned and with the capacity constraints that we see in our markets, to continue to grow organically, we have to invest and I think we will drive very good returns off of those investments in the markets we're in. So, yes, we are increasing our capital spend, but I think the opportunities for us to sustain reasonable growth for our shareholders remains intact and not changing our growth expectations, but again, we've been saying for a number of years now, we think 4% to 6% is a reasonable zone for us. With respect to tax reform, as you know, the free cash flow we're generating, we're able to now with adding the dividend, as you think about returning cash to shareholders, we have been historically doing that with share repurchase. This further diversifies our approach to returning cash to shareholders. Now with a dividend being appease of that, very pleased with that, but also as you can see, our first priority remains reinvesting back in our existing markets. And so with the step up in capital spending, again, pleased to do that and pleased to have that announced too. So I think it's a very well rounded approach to capital allocation and one that I think will yield very good returns to shareholders over the years ahead.
Milton Johnson: Steve, let me just say one thing. We don't provide guidance in a mid-quarter. So we won't really get into the flu for the quarter. Obviously, you can see the stats out with CDC and what have you, they're pretty strong. But we don't provide interim quarter guidance.
