Victor Campbell: Carla, thank you and good morning everyone. Mark Kimbrough, our Chief Investor Relations Officer is here with me this morning and we would like to welcome everyone on today's call, also to those of you that are listening to the webcast. Here in the room with me this morning are Chairman and CEO Richard Bracken, President and CFO Milton Johnson, Sam Hazen, President of Operations, and then we have a cast of other characters here, senior officers of the company that can help us during the Q&A. Before I turn the call over to Richard, let me remind everyone that should today's call contain any forward-looking statements, they are based on management's current expectations. Numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those that might be expressed today. Many of the factors that are listed in today's press release are included in our various SEC filings. Many of the factors that will determine the company's future results are beyond the ability of the company to control or predict. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on these statements. The company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or future events. This morning's call is being recorded. A replay will be available starting later today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Richard Bracken.
Victor Campbell: Alright. I thank everyone. Carla [ph], if you can please come back on and we will call for questions. I do want to ask today that people really try to hold to your questions to one at a time so we can get people. We do want to be respectful knowing that many of you need to be on a call, another earnings call in about 30 minutes, so with that Carla [ph].
Victor Campbell: Alright, Kevin thank you. With that apologize to anyone who didn’t get a question in, but I do know there’s a call now and there’s another call in another hour. So thank you very much and Mark and I are here happy to answer any other questions. Have a great day.
Milton Johnson: Yes. Well, basically our overall revenue for adjusted admission was basically flat the third quarter over a year ago and basically looking at it by payer for the third quarter on a same facility basis. Our traditional Medicare was down 0.7%, again reflecting the lowercase mix index that we reported is well down 1.8%. Managed Medicare was basically flat it’s actually down 0.1%. Medicare, I am sorry, Medicaid excluding UPL was down 2.5% for adjusted admission and our managed care and other book was up 3.8% third quarter over a year ago. And as I mentioned, that managed care and other rate growth was adversely impacted by a very unusually low rate in July of under 3% and the saw it rebound to up to 4.7% by September, but the average came in at 3.8%.
Milton Johnson: Well, I think – right now our revenue growth is being driven by volume and that's where we are seeing the top line growth was primarily driven by the strong volumes that we are seeing in the third quarter. We are optimistic about our volumes in the fourth quarter. With respect to rate, although we did receive about 1% Medicare rate in October. We continue to see the impact of the cuts from Medicaid relative to the net revenue per adjusted admission rate increases. So I think as you look at the fourth quarter, again the hard part is this acuity trend and how it will play out in the fourth quarter, but assuming it continues – it stabilizes and continues where it is. I think you'll continue to see as be [ph] flattish rate maybe up or down a few points, but primarily top line driven by a volume in the fourth quarter.
Milton Johnson: In the contracted rate, that's correct. We are continuing to see our contracts, we are about roughly 65% to 70% through the 2012 revenue book on our managed care contracts and we are at a rate of approximately 6% increase from managed care.
Milton Johnson: Nearly about $250 million additional EBITDA next year over the – EBITDA will pickup for the last two months of this year.
Milton Johnson: Yes. So with respect to as I said, with respect to the fourth quarter we're expecting to book HITECH revenues of $310 million to $340 million during the fourth quarter. The expenses in the fourth quarter related to that would be anywhere from $15 million to $25 million in the fourth quarter. And again, that revenue range that I gave you did include an expected $60 million accrual. We are converting from basically the recognition of the revenue when we attest to meeting the HITECH Meaningful 1 standards to an accrual basis starting now with the effect of October 1st. Now we are in year two Stage 1 Meaningful Use and we're going to accrue the revenue associated with the year two starting October 1st. We estimate that accrual to be about $60 million of additional revenue and we haven't included that in our guidance for the full year 2011.
Milton Johnson: Sheryl, this is Milton. Let me try to take on that. First of all, I refer to the timing issues, it had to do with that accounts payable and salaries payable and accrued expenses that – the way the cut off dropped and happened in the – a year ago, we realized more benefits on the cash flow in the third quarter and then this year the way the cut off occurred, the timing of it, it is such that we didn't see it. So, I think that those are just timing issues as opposed to a real change in an annual run rate of our cash flows related to those working capital items.
Milton Johnson: I'm not sure, Sheryl, right now. I haven't looked at that whether – I think our second quarter cash flows were pretty strong that I can't say that it is best attributable to that reason. But for the point, I'm getting at, for the full year if you think about cash flow for HCA, I don't think that this is going to be a drag on the full year. Relative to HITECH, we do expect – I'm not exactly sure of the timing obviously, we haven't ever received these funds before, we are receiving cash from certain states with respect to the Medicaid associations that we have made in certain states. With respect to the larger Medicare and the federal money, the way we're planning for – we to expect to receive some of that money in the fourth quarter of this year and there is some that we have about $100 million or so I think we have planned to receive in early part of the first quarter, but that's our best estimate. Again going through this as we try to understand the timing, with respect to the $60 million accrual that I mentioned though for the fourth quarter of 2011, we would not expect to receive that cash until the fourth quarter of 2012. So as we accrue this revenue throughout the year we will be building up the receivable that we will not receive towards the end of the year.
Milton Johnson: Yes. The reason is we have systems in place, dashboards in place, tracking mechanisms in place that we know where we stand relative to meeting the requirements of meaningful use.
Milton Johnson: And so, we can – as we see the – we will have to adjust of course our accrual, as we see a hospital or two fall off and we can’t – we then believe they cannot meet the requirements, will have to adjust our accruals for that hospital. So it'll be a fluid accrual throughout the year, but based on our performance for the first 90-day period of Meaningful Use Stage 1 year 1, we believe that going through the accrual method is a better accounting recognition method than the lump sum.
Milton Johnson: Maybe the acuity question. The 74 million that you referenced, that my belief was the total Medicare revenue attributable to all of the factors we described, including prior-year cost report (inaudible) and alike. I think at the end of the day we attributed about 25 million of that 74 to the acuity issue. We were down I think 1.4, 1.2 –, 1.4 in acuity and the second quarter we were down 1.8. So I haven't updated that number but I would assume it's going to be something around the same probably financial impact of $25 million to $30 million for this year as far as the acuity impact would be my best estimate based on the work we did the second quarter.
Milton Johnson: Well let me just, just generally on cost. We get a lot of questions. Our cost performance has been very good and how sustainable is it. And let me just give you a couple of broad thoughts and how we think about it. First of all, our cost agenda is not static, it’s not like there are certain things we can do and that’s it. It continues to grow, there is new ideas all the time and we develop these ideas from different sources. The most fundamental source of course is 160 hospitals out there, all trying to solve many of the same problem and we get ideas and we move them across the system as you know and it’s been very, very productive for us as a company over a time. We look at benchmarking externally, of course and as Sam mentioned during his remarks, we are adding technology, he mentioned the example of technology to help us do our forecasting as the label lines and alike. The fundamental issue for us is that we know that the cost agenda is flexible, there are new ideas all the time. We are continually harvesting it for what ideas can we deploy across the company at large. We invest in both short term and long term solutions. The EHR and all this effort to get it up and running, at the end of the day it’s not only going about better care, that’s going to be about more efficient care. These are longer term solutions that we are putting in place. And you know, the general answer I would offer is that it’s our approach to managing cost both in the short term and the long term have provided – have we had a good track record around it and we expect that that’s going to continue to be situation going forward. We are going to take a look at all opportunities as they present themselves and we are going to continue to manage through the different aspects of the business cycle.
Milton Johnson: Well, I mean, the HITECH is going to – revenue – what we don’t know yet about 2012 is the fourth quarter of 2012. And of course, at the end of September of 2012 we will be at the end of year two stage one incentives. And then how will stage two incentives work, will they be postponed? Will they be effective? And we don’t–, I don't know those numbers yet. So it's very hard at this point in time to give guidance for the full year 2012 because there is still some uncertainty about the fourth quarter of next year.
Milton Johnson: Yes, so if you think about the revenue we are accruing $60 million here in the fourth quarter, I would expect that number might move around a little bit, but I would use that as a proxy for the first second and third quarters of 2012 as the amount of revenue we will accrue.
Milton Johnson: And fourth quarter is the one that we're going to have more visibility before we can clarify. With respect to UPL, Texas UPL in the third quarter of this year, we had about $48 million of EBITDA net from the program down about $15 million from a year ago.
Milton Johnson: The revenue in the third quarter of about $129 million versus $150 million a year ago, down about $20 million to $21 million.
Milton Johnson: Well, Gary, it’s Milton. I think you are referring to the favourable progression that we saw around managed care and the underlying trends there. I am quite seeing – well we started off below three and progressed up to I think, up to increase of 4.7. Gary, it’s very hard. Some of the – July was no doubt, adversely impacted by the business. We had one less business day in July this year than a year ago, that’ going to affect surgical volumes, especially in managed care surgical volumes and it’s going put some pressure. So we did see that – that’s probably a piece of July downturn. But, as Sam mentioned, and the service mix overall, we are just continuing to see our growth come from the medical admissions – medical volumes and less surgical volumes and that’s what is I think is putting pressure on our managed care to push it below the contracted rate. We expected about 5.5% this year and we are running year-to-date, slightly under that at around 5%. So, I think that’s just most reflective of the service mix that Sam mentioned at this point in time.
Milton Johnson: A J, this is Milton. I think we will use our free cash flow to take leverage down here over the next several months. We are looking for transactions, we are looking acquisitions that fit our strategy, fit our market. The one that’s mentioned in the quarter down in Colorado, that’s going to – even if that occurs that’s much down the road. So our strategy right now, after taking on the BofA repurchase and HealthONE purchase would be to reduce our leverage at this time.
Richard Bracken: And Milton, you may add, we have really haven't seen material changes at managed care pricing as we go forward.
Richard Bracken: I think, yes one we can talk, we have sort of talked a little bit about, but Justin we're not going to get into this the pieces for guidance for next year and I know everyone would love to do that but we will do that on our next quarter's call. So, we have laid out the Medicaid that we know about because those changes took place both in Texas and in Florida. I think we’ve talked about HealthONE, Milton.
Richard Bracken: Yes. And then obviously the Medicare payment rates are out there in terms we saw that rate October 1 at roughly 1%. But the other parts are obviously moving, we know it is piecemeal, but we want to come back to you with the very comprehensive look at next year with appropriate guidance. Same way with HITECH, we do have – you may want to readdress that accrual just a little bit to make sure they understand that item as it relates to the fourth quarter and we'll have better guidance to on next year on HITECH.
Richard Bracken: And I guess my last comment, Richard, reminds me, I mean, we are just in the midst of our budget process which really runs up end of December. And so, we have an, very expensive budget process that we need to go through before we get to the guidance level.
Richard Bracken: Either Sam or John you want to talk – I guess, the question is really about the waiver in any updates on the status of the waiver.
Richard Bracken: And, I think it goes back to the intent is to try to keep the transition (inaudible) key hospitals hold, we just got to see the final rules and regs, whether not that flies out or not. So, we will be suspect until everything is in writing and once it’s been in writing we will deliver the best prognosis that we can give you on where we think those numbers will go.
Richard Bracken: I would just say that we really haven’t seen any material changes in the structure of any managed care contracts that we have executed.
Richard Bracken: And I think also underlying those keys trends around those metrics would be volumes that we continue with our fixed cost structure to leverage the current volume that we’re seeing and to drive towards a 0.5 or lower sort of a target. Volume is going to be a part of the equation as well.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay great. Thanks.
