Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Well, thank you, Anne-Marie, and thank you, everyone for joining us today. Before opening the call for questions, I just would like to say thank you to all my colleagues here at Kraft Heinz for delivering another solid 2023 results, and at the same time, making the strategic investment for the future. And frankly, all that while navigating some persistent industry pressures. I am very enthusiastic for our next chapter here at Kraft Heinz. And in 2024, we expect to drive top line growth, return to positive volumes, expand gross margins and operating margins and continue to reinvest in the business and an iconic brands. With that, I have Andre joining me today. Let's open the call for the Q&A.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. And frankly, Andrew, if I think about Q4 -- let me start with some of the positive, which is we also saw the return to growth of our Ore-Ida business, driving both growth and share performance as we continue to leverage kind of the new partnership we have with our Simplot and really being able to service the business to its full potential. Now on the kind of headwind side, I think we saw some challenges in our mac & cheese business. Frankly, it's a business that is driven disproportionately by our SNAP exposure. So that affected some of the business in Q4. However, as I think about going forward, there are three key things we're doing to make sure we improve the trajectory: One, we're also making -- we are investing further in our new campaign behind mac & cheese and driving new innovation behind it as well. So, you'll see from us additional areas around bringing new SKU flavors. We're bringing variety packs and we're bringing, you may have seen a new plant-based option with mac & cheese in a partnership with NotCo. We're also making sure we continue to drive even better value with mac & cheese by leveraging the fact that we have in our portfolio, partnership that we can do with brands like Oscar Mayer to offer truly a complete meal solution for consumers, plus offering multipacks around 12 packs and 4 packs in different formats to different types of consumers who are looking for value. And then finally, we're also making sure we're partnering with retails, we're actually improving the overall assortment to optimize the traffic down the aisle. So, I feel very good about the fact that the team have been able to acknowledge what happen and taking -- creating a new plan for us into '24 to improve the performance of Easy Meals.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Glad to. Let me start by clarifying something you said in your question. In our Foodservice business, we are growing both ahead of the industry in North America and International. So, I think that we actually feel very good about our performance on Foodservice, and we see that as we go forward into 2024. So, we see Foodservice growing up -- growing in 2024 in our long -- appropriate with our long-term guidance. So high single digits. So, we think actually it's going to be a continued driver of our performance as we go into 2024. And frankly, we see that us having even more coming as we go forward because we are not only performing well where we are, but we also are improving by getting into new higher margin channels like independent and non-commercial channels, plus driving big innovation, leveraging our technology, leveraging the iconic brands that we have. So until now, we have seen the beginning of the potential of Foodservice and that is actually driving faster growth than we have seen in the industry. And we actually believe that between the innovation that we have between us going into new channels that are higher margin and more attractive, we can actually make that even a faster growing part of our portfolio as we go forward.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me just say, I think you are looking at the slide incorrectly, and happy to follow up with you …
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Right. Let me just -- let me unpack that a little bit. First, as you -- as Andre mentioned earlier, there is some factors specifically affecting our Q4 performance in terms of trade as well as inventory that we're not going to repeat as we go forward. As we go into 2024, if I think about, first, the top line, we are going to continue the progression of emerging market at Foodservice. And then emerging markets already growing volume. We have seen the progress of our Foodservice business growing faster than the industry. And in North America on the top line, we actually expect to recover share as we are now making all the payoff of the innovation investments we have made, we'll start seeing that coming throughout the year. So I think that idea of us continue to invest in the right things behind our insights in North America, it's paying out with innovation. And then it also to have the right business plans with our retailers. Those factors actually are going to help us drive the top line with confidence. If I think about kind of the -- specifically, you talked about volume. One of the things that we are looking at is we are anticipating a return to the historical activity levels. And in fact, we are seeing that already. So, we are expecting volumes to turn positive in the second half in the year because as I mentioned, the idea of us continue to invest in innovation that actually will give us the right tailwinds as we go into the year, plus we no longer will have some headwinds associated with both pricing that we took in Q1 of last year as well as the SNAP benefits cycling that as we go into the second half of the year. So that also -- that all together gives me the confidence that we can see that us coming together with a better performance we're going to '24 in a way that actually allows us to exit the year in an algo for us as a company.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The one thing I would add too is as we go into -- those of you joining us in CAGNY, we'll be able to unpack to a little more of our investments we're making. I mentioned quite a bit about innovation, about how we are going to continue to invest in our brands, making sure they are superior to our competition. So I think you'll see a little more details that from myself and the team when we're together in Florida.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yeah. In our business, frankly, a lot of our business can is, is really focused on front of the house. And we're actually seeing solid performance for our away-from-home business, both in the U.S. and as well as outside the U.S. And if you think about the fact that outside the U.S., we use that channel very much as a way for us to drive awareness and build their brands. That continues to drive positive growth for us. In the U.S. as well, we see that even within the context of QSR, we continue to see progress and improvement. But at the same time, we're also expanding into new channels that allows us to continue to drive the growth, whether that is from our vending opportunities into new hospitality areas. So, we also are having a little bit of a broader view of how we define our away-from-home business to go into new spaces that we know are margin accretive and not be dependent on just one channel in order for us to drive the growth.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me start and give you a sense for how we see the consumer today. And then maybe, Andre, you can go deeper into the specifics about the Q4 and how we are -- how we see that playing as we go forward. But I guess the place that will start would be that what we're seeing in the data is regardless of the income levels that consumer is looking for value and they continue to be under pressure. And what we see is low income consumers are actually shopping more at places like Dollar Stores, higher income consumers, more club stores. But mostly, we are seeing them looking for overall, smaller trips to stretch their dollar further. So for us, it continues to be about how do we continue to deliver value in different ways to that consumer who are very much focused on value through intentionally investing in our brands making sure we have a longer value offerings and increasing the distribution in different channels to be what we have done in the past. And let me just be specific before Andre give you the details on the Q4. And if I think about club channels, we have introduced a number of brands into club from Capri Sun to Lunchables Classical Pasta Sauce. In fact, we also tested new innovation in our club channels. And in 2024, we'll have 20% higher number of offerings into club that we did in 2023. Now if I think about the enterprise points in the category and the SKU that we can have in kind of areas around Dollar Stores, we're actually making sure that we're driving things like improving on assortment of barbecue and mustard or crab of mayo and salad dressing as well as new items around Taco Bell and our partnership that we have in order for us to drive expanded use of our Mexican initiatives. So if I think about Dollar Store, we actually have today over 300 SKUs. And year-over-year, we're going to be increasing about another 10% versus what we had in the past. So, we are making sure that we are in the right channels with the right assortment and continue to invest in our innovation in order to make sure that we could absolute consumers looking for value independent of where they're looking for different occasions, different formats, different shopping behaviors. And now, Andre, if you want to give a little more context on the Q4.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: And I think you will see is that how the investments we have been making in technology, the partnership we have been making in digital are basically fueling a lot of that efficiency in a way that actually creates some benefit for us for now and to the future as well. And again, will impact that even further when we are together in Florida.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Happy to. I think if we think about what we have mentioned in terms of value and how consumers are looking for value in the U.S. is similar as well, too, in terms of consumers in Europe. I mean, they are looking for that value as well. And we are continuing to make sure that we're bringing that value through the critical brands that we have, like our Heinz business in the U.K., for example, and how we continue to bring the products to the market that bring a number of improvements on our quality of our products as well as focusing on the benefit that we bring.  So, for example, a product like HEINZ Beanz and the fact that brings kind of such a benefit around protein, that's something that is kind of now shifting in terms of how we think about that product. The fact that we're also bringing within certain part of our categories, new entries by leverage to our brands. So, in baked beans we will have not only the HEINZ Beanz, but we also have HP baked beans. And that allows us to actually play in a couple of different areas with consumers, both at a more mainstream as well as to more value. And then in places like Germany, we're also introducing new benefits to consumers as they are looking also again for value, whether that is Heinz Mayonnaise in new channels in the discount spaces, but also making sure that we continue to bring the innovation consumers are looking for from us. Like our Heinz Tomato Ketchup with zero sugar. So, we are approaching it with the same sense as we do in the U.S., which is let's make sure we're in the right channel with the right assortment. And at the same time, let's focus on bringing -- and focusing on the benefits that we bring with our products.
Andre Maciel: Sure. Good morning, again, Andrew. So, we -- as Carlos said, we do expect similar numbers from Q4, but coming from different drivers. So, on North America, we do expect better performance because we should not repeat both the trade timing and the inventory deload. We think we're going to be at a healthy level at this point and sellout. If anything, maybe it will be in line or slightly better getting to Q1. Now when you talk about emerging markets, we do expect a shipment phasing that will affect Q1. So, we do expect, instead of growing double-digits like we have been doing consistently, emerging markets should be growing the mid single digit territory. You might remember that last year, we had a very strong performance in Latin America. Brazil grew 40% in Q1. So, we're going to lap it that, but nothing wrong with the underlying sellout trends both in North America and emerging markets.
Andre Maciel: Sure. And good morning. So yeah, as you pointed out, we were able to deliver a very solid cash flow conversion in 2023, above 80%. And we do expect a small progression also as we head into 2024. We still going to be in the 80s territory because we do expect another year of solid CapEx investment like we have been doing in the last two years. There's a lot of good investment opportunities for us in the organic business. Yeah, and we have some taxes step-up that we also mentioned it's affecting earnings as well. So those two factors go against that. But on the other hand, the working capital should expect to continue to improve as a consequence of the investments we have been making.
Andre Maciel: Sure. So, we expect gross margin to expand again and is part of our long-term algorithm, we feel proud of what we have done so far. Remind that we always have been pricing to offset inflation in dollar for dollar, and that's what we have done in the last two years. However, in 2024, we are expecting to price approximately at 1% level, which is below the inflation that we're expected at 3%. But -- so the main driver is really coming from the gross efficiencies. We have been delivering ahead of what we outlined to you a couple of years back. So 2023 are very solid year, almost 4% of gross efficiency as a percentage of COGS. And in 2024, we expect another solid year. So, this gross efficiency is helping us, not only to offset a component of the inflation, but also is helping us to expanding gross margins and investing a little more in the business on the SG&A side. And that's something that you should expect to see from us.
Andre Maciel: Sure. So North America net sales declined 3%, and approximately 140 bps is linked to the trade accrual release from last year into -- probably 2022 and from inventory deload year-over-year. But in fact, it's not that we saw a deload happening in 2023, that in Q4 2022, as we started to recover, services start to ship ahead of consumption. So we are lapping that effect. So there's nothing really on that regard affecting 2023, it's just a lapping effect. Now the sellout was negative, and it was softer than what we anticipated. We underestimated the impact of SNAP in Q4. It turned out to be more than 150 basis points stronger than we thought. If you remember, there was a concentration of emergency allotments at the end of 2022. So, on a year-over-year basis, there is benefits declined close to 40%, which is substantial. And that's what affected a lot of sellout. We should continue to see some of that in Q1. So, on a year-over-year basis, Q1 '24 will still be about 20% less SNAP than last year. So, we're still going to suffer a portion of this effect. But on the other hand, our market share has improved in Q4 as we anticipated, which is a very good sign. We are living -- exiting the year with the best share performance of 2023. So that give us a lot of good momentum heading into this year. Hope that helps.
Andre Maciel: Yes, Absolutely. Yeah. Because there is a concentration of emergency allotments considered in Q4 of -- in '22. So, there is SNAP a benefit in Q4 '22 were actually higher than Q2 and Q3 2022.
Andre Maciel: Sure. Good morning, Robert. Good to hear from you. So on the inflation side, as we said in prepared remarks, we do expect inflation again into 2024, low single digits on the 3% territory. Even though ingredients as a whole, we see quite a few commodities that are deflationary. We still have the impact of maybe tomatoes and sugar affecting us negatively. So, there is a little net increase in terms of commodity inflation. And then -- but the biggest bulk of the inflation is really coming from labor. We continue to see a relevant higher than pre-pandemic level on wage increase as well as transportation making 2023, the transportation costs were quite low, and we are seeing some signs of rebound on the transportation cost side. So, this is where inflation is mostly coming from. On the second part of the question about the $25 million. So not 100% of that is the system write-off, even though it's the majority of it. And this has to do with us deciding not to maintain investment in a certain technology that we think will not be relevant for the future. So, we decided to stop that investment and redirected issue, something that we think will be more relevant towards future agenda [ph]. As you know, technology is front and center of our strategy. And we have continued to make decisions to make sure that we can turn it into a competitive advantage to us. So -- and if this might require us to make decisions in between a quarter that we do not initially anticipated because we saw that that's the right thing for the business for the long-term. We're not going to hesitate to do that.
Andre Maciel: Great. So thanks for the question. As we said, 2023 are very solid year. We delivered close to 4% of efficiencies as a percentage of COGS. And we do expect 2024 to be another year where we will be delivering ahead of the 3% COGS that we have outlined. I want to make sure that you understand that not only this is a consequence of the complete ways of working changes that we have done in supply chain, more focused on variable costs and continuous improvements. But also we are -- we still have some efficiency opportunities that are coming through as a consequence of the pandemic and all the inefficiency generated by that. That helped in 2023, and that is still going to help a little bit in 2024. But beyond that, there are a lot of things happening on the supply chain space, difficult to name only one because given the share size of our COGS, but we do have initiatives coming from network optimization in the U.S. We have a very complex distribution center network, more than 80 distribution centers overall. We do have initiatives in automation. In fact, we have a very strong partnership with Microsoft trying to do -- using technology to allow us to make faster decisions. And if that improves labor usage and reduce yield losses. We have a lot of opportunities on value engineering to continue to make sure to offer the right type of attributes to consumers. So, there is a lot of different levers. We're going to touch on a few of them next week in CAGNY, but I think we are very pleased with the quality of the pipeline we have in supply chain now.
