Paulo Basilio: Alexa, thanks for the question. This is Paulo. So as we're sitting here, as well, when we see our Q4 results, we expect very similar year-over-year performance versus -- as we saw in Q3 versus prior year, both in sales and EBITDA. And this is pretty much driven by, we have divestitures, FX, higher commodity costs that we expect in Q4, and we'll be lapping a strong vol/mix comp, mainly in U.S. And in the positive side, we're going to have all the results from the price actions that we're taking. And the best -- better visibility in cost and net inflation. So we are expecting pretty much in sales and EBITDA similar year-over-year performance as we saw in Q3. And below the line, we are expecting roughly $0.10 -- up to $0.10 headwind versus prior year. So pretty much that's how we're seeing Q4 performing in this year.
Paulo Basilio: So Alexa, first of all, I think investment-grade status for us is -- continues to be very important. We've just declared the dividend, as you saw. And again, we are in a very solid position in terms of liquidity after the recent refi we did and also in the cash flow generation that would allow us to reduce our leverage over time. But now we are going to a very deep strategic review of the business, understanding how we're going to see the future performance of the company. And in this analysis, in this review, a capital structure is going to be a very important chapter. So we expect to come back to the market with our full view and full picture of how we're expecting the company's performance, the company's strategy for the future, including capital structure at the beginning of next year.
Paulo Basilio: Sure. So thanks for the question. When you go back from our peak 2017 margins. And again, when you bridge these two, let's say, our last 12, as I said, pretty much we have two big drivers, two big areas of decline, right? 60% of the decline roughly is coming from gross margin. And this -- you could split this in mainly the inflation we have in our supply chain with not enough initiatives to offset that; investments that we had in service level for the customers; an unfavorable product mix that we saw in the launch of the business, and this is part of the type of incrementality, the innovation that we had that Miguel was talking about. And also, the fact that with all of this inflation and not enough savings or efficiency initiatives to offset that, we were slow in moving our prices. So I think this is pretty much 60% of the gap. The other 30% of the gap is driven by SG&A. So 60-plus around gross margin, 25% to 30% around SG&A. 70% of that was pretty much commercial investments we made. We had international go-to-market initiatives, new areas inside the company like digital and also additional market investments that we put that is -- because of our fragmentation of innovation, ended up going too much to nonworking piece to support the innovation pipeline. And the remaining, also we have like of 30% of the 25% from the SG&A is pretty much lapping bonds accrual that we didn't have in 2017. So a 6% gross margin, 30% SG&A, with 70% of this 30% coming from these commercial investments that we made that we are assessing now. The other 30% of the 25% decline, driven by bonds that we didn't have in 2017. I think it's -- on that, I think it's -- and we, internally here, and myself specifically, we reflect a lot about this, the performance and the root cause of this performance. And we had big leaks of key learnings here and things that we're going to go after and things that came from the outside. That's pretty much at the base of all these initiatives, near-term projects that we have. But at the end of the day, pretty much we were not kind of fast enough to move from that first initial integration stage to build this organic growth plan for the company. In a moment that the industry had a lot of big transformations, right, both from the customers' lens, from the retailers' lens.  So I think that was the combination of the things that I think drove our past three years' performance down. But now I think the offense is that we built these work streams with Miguel to address those things through -- again, we had a lot of costs inside the business. And now we are reassessing each of them the ability for us to get back them to be able to help to fund all the investments that we are identifying as opportunities in the business. And what we can share also here is that so far, we found a lot of opportunities to invest, as Miguel was saying, behind media, behind higher support from a more concentrated set of innovation. And so far, we were able to find the sources inside the company to fund those investments. Again, of course, we are still working on the strategy and later price, that we expect to find more areas of opportunity and also more areas of savings to support potentially those investments.
Paulo Basilio: This is Paulo. Let me try to address how we're thinking about that. So in the cash flow information, and I know that we're going to see these later in our Q. In -- for example, in Q3, we generated a free cash flow to equity after CapEx of $860 million. So sufficient to pay the dividend at roughly below $500 million. But the important thing here is that now, what we are doing that, as Miguel mentioned, we are discussing the future of the company, the strategy of the company, how we're going to, where are we going to invest to grow the business for the next 3 to 5 years. And developing this plan, for sure, as you can imagine, like capital structure is a key chapter of this as I said. And for us, being an investment-grade company is -- remains very, very important. So our time line here is that we are going to develop our strategic plan, we are going to set our future expectations for our performance, addressing our portfolio, our categories, our brands, our regions and also our capital structure to support that and share with the market early next year.
Miguel Patricio: Andrew, thank you very much for your question and I think we think alike. From day 1, when I looked at the past and I saw that there was a pretty big deterioration of gross profit because of decrease of COGS, we made -- we defined supply as a big area for improvement for 2 reasons. First, because we had pretty big disruptions in the past with our customers for -- because of low service levels. But second, because COGS has been increasing in our company. And I do not see a reason for that. I think that if we changed the mentality to the company for a mentality of continuous improvement, if we invest on that, on people, in our factories, in our way of thinking on believing if we change the mentality from basically cost-cutting into continuous improvement, I think we can do it and we should do it. And as you said, I see it as a great source of -- for investment in the business. I was very glad to see that in this quarter we could stabilize cost of goods sold. And this is big for us. We are all relieved with that. It's just the first step. Everything to be proved, but the first step was good and gives us a lot of faith, a lot of hope that we are in the right direction.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Jonathan. Specifically, let me start specifically with the SKUs that you are mentioning, and then I go -- I'll tell you overall my point of view about that. I think we -- the company has been on a frenzy of innovation in the last 2 to 3 years and trying through launching new products to compensate the decline in net sales. We have not been successful on that. We really have not been successful on that. Yes, we brought a lot of complexity to the system but this innovation was not translated into additional sales. It was very cannibalistic and brought much more complexity. And as a consequence, a lot of supply chain losses and lower margins. Many of this innovation was done through third-party manufacturers. So of course, that's, for me, when I arrived and with fresh eyes, I asked the obvious questions and one of them is, let me understand profitability by SKU, let me understand volume by SKU, and there's a big tail of SKUs that, yes, actually, with a negative margin or are not important at all, very, very small or both. And that can just generate a lot of complexity in the system. And so yes, we are going to reduce this, we are going to reduce.  We have to have the discipline that, at the same time that we innovate and we put new products in the market we have to have the discipline to clean the tail of low margin, negative margin or a low volume, very low volume, that are really not [indiscernible] just creating more complexity in the system. And this is a capability. So going back to your point about capabilities. I think that innovation is an area that we have to increase, we'll have to improve dramatically. There are other areas that I think that we have to improve our capabilities. And -- but I think that innovation is one that I'm very focused on. It is a big driver for growth for the future, has to be especially in the food industry, but we have to do bigger innovation. We have to do fewer innovation. We have to do bolder innovation. We have to do profitable innovation and has to be incremental instead of doing everything and old products innovating and vouching and throwing new products in the market that will not really generate extra profitability to our company.
Miguel Patricio: Yes. So two very different questions. Let me answer first the first one, Robert. I'm working at the same time in the -- well, in delivering the results for 2019 on building the budget for '20 and on the future, right? For 2020, I need the strategy, but this -- 2020 is going to be more about continued stabilization. And then this is what I aim, is that 2020 is a year that we stabilize the business and that we build the foundation for growth in 2021. So the answer to you is yes, when we present the strategy that we are working on, that is going to be a long term with a long-term view. So we -- our 3-year plan will be addressed. Regarding customers, yes, I've been talking to customers and learning a lot from them. And I can tell you that their biggest concern is what you call the disputes and then that translates into service levels. So we had problems in the past, several problems in different types of products with our service level. And that although we haven't had any big problem this year, so we are in a much better year in terms of service level, there are still scars from the past.  And then when they remind us of all the problems that we had in the previous years in terms of service level, they questioned that if this is sustainable or not. They also -- so this, I would say, that is -- their number one concern, really, service level. But they're also concerned about planning and strategy. So we need to be better on our planning with them and adapt our planning cycle to their planning cycle. I think there's a big opportunity to do that, and we are going to address that. At this moment, because of the way we are planned -- that we plan on our budget cycle that doesn't tie with their budget cycle, the feeling I have is that we are always late and the feeling that they have is the same. The other part is related to strategy that they want to see us communicating to them and teaching them and is training them in a more strategic way on a long term. And then I would put a fourth point that the -- that is about execution, that we can have better execution in their stores. So I would say that these are the four items that we -- that I'm -- when I think about customers that I'm focused on, really, service level, planning, strategy and execution.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. So a very good question. And I'll tell you, I think that there's a fundamental change that -- or we need to do a fundamental change in the company, from a company that was much more focused on today and probably pursuing a strategy that was more focused on inorganic growth to a company that needs to pursue organic growth and needs to understand the future better than anybody else. That's a big change. You need to change, you need to put first the mindset in a direction. Second, really a strategy, where do we think that the growth is going to happen? So we need to transform this company into a much more consumer-driven company in a much more looking-forward type of company rather than just operating the present. It's not either one or the other. We need to do both. And I think that we can and we should do both. So as a consequence, I think that the innovation was we did a lot of plan extensions. We were relying too much on things that were not really incremental and we need to do more things in areas that we believe are going to grow. The last call, I gave the example of Boca, and I think is a good example. We were the first company introducing veggie burgers 15 years ago. But because we didn't have a good vision about how the world would progress, Boca has not been a focused brand. And as a consequence, we never really took advantage of everything that is happening in this area.  So understanding the future, understanding the consumer, I think, is the way to go. Of course that -- for that, we will need much more better insight, much better creativity. We'll need a more united R&D. So we didn't have a Head of R&D. R&D was in all departments of the company. We are now unifying R&D in the company, having one head of R&D. We are defining our strategy. We also appointed a Chief Growth Officer. Pull things into this direction, right. Hopefully, I was -- I gave you the answer you were expecting, John. I don't know if you want to ask anything else related to that.
Miguel Patricio: So on that, we also have to work on process to speed up innovation. In my previous world, in my previous role and previous company, we reduced the development of products from a 2-year to 6 months by changing process methodologies, basically introducing the agile type of building innovation. We're going to do the same here. So we need to be much faster. And that is also what I previously said, John, that in 2020, needs to be a year of stabilization to give us the time to be working on the pipeline for the future, for the years to come. What we have in the pipeline for 2020, it's still, of course, not under the strategy that we are going to present to you at the beginning of the year. During 2020, we will have to define and develop the pipeline for the future.
Miguel Patricio: Can you help me giving you exactly what you have in mind, Steve? I want to address your question in the right way.
Miguel Patricio: Steven, just repeating what Paulo said. I think that when we define our strategy, we'll define what are the areas that we think that we can have substantial growth. What are the areas that we don't think we can have substantial growth but can generate very good cash to support the growth? And what are the areas that our products or categories that actually could have a better fit with somebody else. And I think that with this in mind, we can identify categories that we can have divested in the future.
Miguel Patricio: And now I think that your question is very important, but let me tell you that, yes, I love ZBB. I really do. In my previous company, I worked for 22 years and I learned to love ZBB. But for one reason, because ZBB was a big lever or made it possible to grow the business throughout the year. So when I look at ZBB, I look at it as a discipline to make things every day better, so we can free up resources to invest in other products. I don't look at ZBB as a way to basically cut costs and cut costs. I see it as a way to do things better every day and have -- the consequence of that is to be more efficient and to free up resources to invest in the business. But addressing your second point about how are you going to invest in things that today are small, and tomorrow can be big, are you going to have that discipline? I think that question is very, very important. I think companies tend to invest on what's big and not what it will grow, and I think we need to do both. And then we really need to understand what will grow and bet on it. It may be smaller today, but you need to have the patience to nurture these categories, these products, these brands to be big one day. I'm looking at this right now, not only brands but also channels that today may not be so representative, but have a great potential for the future. So I tend to agree with you, and I don't think that, that has to do with ZBB. It's just the opposite. I think that ZBB will free up resources to invest in these categories.
Miguel Patricio: Yes, sure. No, I wanted to tell you about baby food, that I think it's -- we have a business that if you look at -- in baby food, if you look it individually at the countries where we have baby food, it's not very meaningful. We have baby food in a lot of countries, in Russia, in China, in Australia, in Italy, in U.K., in New Zealand, in Canada, in Colombia, in Mexico, all tiny business. Maybe the biggest one is in Italy. But all very tiny business. But when you put them together, it's $0.5 billion business, it's sizable. We are declining in the majority of these countries. And I tell you, I think that is basically because it's not very important in each one of the countries and also because we really do not have expertise, really expertise, big expertise on baby food.  And if you look at the countries individually, we don't even have the scale, I think, to have this expertise. Now with the changes that we made in structure, with the appointment of Rafael as our Zone President International when we put Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe together, then he will have all this business or basically all this business together and becomes meaningful in his portfolio. He will put a team working on baby food. Understanding what moves baby food, understanding these sites, understanding the trends, understanding the needs of the moms and the babies that, because of scale, we didn't have today in each one of these countries. So it's a good example of capabilities that we have to build that by changing structure, we can get there. So that would be my comment about baby food.
