Miguel Patricio: Thank you Paolo. To quickly summarize what we have seen and what we see going forward, our momentum remains strong as we rebuild our company through a mindset of growth. We are now moving to offense, able to reinvest savings and realize near-term upside in a purposeful prioritized way. And we expect to continue performing ahead of our strategic plan.  Now, we would be happy to take your questions. 
Miguel Patricio: No, thank you. And thanks for the question. So, I think the way I think about in terms of capacity is there are some pockets of capacity constraints, but really nothing that should be holding us back in a significant way. We have been making significant strides on improving our capacity in those lines that we have constrained. I think you have to talk about the fact that in those constraints line, we've actually driving 20% more out of those lines that we have ever done. So, it's also both making sure that we address that. But also is that we are also more agile to making sure we put the capacity that we have where we need it and working with our customers in collaborative way.  And some of that agility that also translates on how we actually working with our partners differently. Because we know that for example, let me just take one, which is Mac & Cheese. Well Mac & Cheese really the only constraint we have within Mac & Cheese cups. So what we have done is work collaborative with our retail partners, so that we can actually flex our marketing and promotion so that we can emphasize our box Mac & Cheese. And that kind of segmentation and focusing with our partners into the places where we do have a lot of capacity that actually has worked well. And it also is part of the reason why you're seeing that translating to improved share performance.
Miguel Patricio: Yes. I complementing what you said. He means the national the International zones, we are seeing stable for [indiscernible]. The most remarkable growth is coming from Brazil, from Russia, and from the Middle East. In Canada, we are actually gaining share in 70% of the categories that we operate. We have problems with coffee, especially because of Mac FX. That is not in the face and that’s very representative for Canada. It was about 5% of the net sales for business in Canada. But generally, this will no longer be in the base. So, that complements the great momentum we have in US [indiscernible] things in reference in some of our products [indiscernible] very good momentum. 
Miguel Patricio: We know we talked about it a bit, tried to give you a maybe a little more color in terms of how we think about our demand, and making sure that that it does stick. We do see, and we saw this in Q3 with consumers coming back to our brands in a much stronger way.  So the fact is that when you look at the results, we're really encouraged about the rate of new buyer repurchasing a product that it's two or more times. So, it's know that they're coming back, but they're actually coming at a higher rate than we have seen in the past. And we are also seeing that, particularly in a big brands. So, let me give an example of Philadelphia, the repeat is up 23%, as users really are looking for more user location, what to do with whether that is not just baking, but actually breakfast as well.  And we're seeing places like Oscar Mayer, where people are preparing more at home lunches and they're using our products in new occasions now that they are spending more time at home. So if you take it all together, then you say, okay. First, our big brands that really resonated with those new consumers. Those consumers are actually now that they are trying our brands are seeing the great taste, quality and value advantage that we bring. So, they're actually coming back at a higher rate. And when you can bring it all together, it just shows that, to me that the best way to exemplify this is that you see in the sequential improvement that we're seeing in our share performance.  So, that gives us quite a bit of confidence. I spoke earlier around, the capacity. And I can say again, we have seen pockets, but at the same time there's nothing that should be hidden in a significant way as we go forward. And I'm very pleased with that [indiscernible] this organization is doing in order to make sure that we work collaborative with our customers to ensure that, we have flex where we need it. But that actually has been something that we feel positive about as we go forward into Q4. Thanks for the question.
Miguel Patricio: Well, we are not in that. We have great momentum in emerging markets. And I don't see any reason to think that these will change in the short-term any signs of that. Actually, some countries go heavy record sales like [indiscernible]. We believe like in Brazil, the momentum is [indiscernible]. 
Miguel Patricio: Okay, well. Thank you very much for your presence here with us and [indiscernible]. And I just want to finalize and repeat some of the things we said during this call. We had stronger than expected Q3 results, and that is already reflecting the agility that we are creating in our win rates.  We have been able to manage this shift at home versus away from home consumption and at impressive speed. We are holding on to new households and consumers in a greater rate that we thought and the result of that is that our market share is showing pretty good times of improvement.  Our strategy is really moving or already moved from organizing really to watch. We are investing in the business, investments are ramping up. We have today a much better team and performance in all levels and this better-position Kraft Heinz to sustain gain. We, are as I said before, confidently optimistic in the near term performance. And that’s why we raised our 2020 outlook. And in 2021, the financials are ahead of what is expected growing our strategic plan.  So, with that thank you very much. Have a great day. Thank you.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes, Miguel. So, I guess let me just go back to something that I said during Investor Day, which is not so much about fighting with private label as it is co-existing with private label. I think at this time, what consumers are looking from us is to make sure we continue to emphasize the value that we can bring. And we certainly do that with our brands. If you think about all the recessions, big brands tend to win as well as some of the private label. But then smaller brands actually do not perform as well. And I think that's playing out that way. So, if you look at our Q3 results, our shares actually improved throughout the quarter. And as we go into Q4, we can continue to invest behind our marketing. We've seen that continuing in the next quarter as well. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Andrew, and we do appreciate you recognizing the changes we're making. And let me start with giving you a little bit of context about how we rethinking our sales organization. And for us, it was around how do we actually build agility in the organization and in three different pieces? How do we reorganize our structure, upgrading our processes and really stalling grid discipline and how we spend? So, I mean I think you speak about the reorganization we have made. We have brought new talent, and I think what I'm most proud of is the huge amount of experience and diversity of thinking that we're also bringing into Kraft Heinz. And we're also making sure we are changing how our account structure so that we can focus on those critical partners. And then internally, we have also centralized our customer development and revenue management teams to make sure we really leverage our scale in a different way. So, as you said, some of the key times we have not only a new Head of Sales, but people under him actually account for over 50% of our overall sales in the US. So, that is a significant new leadership that we have put into critical places. And then as we work with our customers, I'll tell you that one of the things that they also think to be noticing is that we have also upgraded our processes. So we are pulling forward planning cycle to make sure we better match their timelines, which something that we haven't done in the past. And then making sure we have that greatest discipline that I spoke about, which is, make sure we have clear planning timelines that we commit and deliver. And we have the clarity to drive accountability and speed internally.  And if you take a step back, Andrew, I think what you see is that that kind of improved execution is showing up both in terms of our growth, as well as the sequential improvement we're seeing in market share.  So, I am very pleased with the talent that we bring in the organization, again with the discipline, with the experience, and the diversity of thinking that I think is going to continue to make us a stronger company as we go forward. Thank you. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: If I can take that one at least for the U.S., and then if there's anything else, Miguel, you want to come in for performance on share. What I will say is that if you look at the way we're now thinking about our business. We’re looking at how we go from 55 categories to the six platforms that we identified during Investor Day. I think the thing that is very encouraging for us is that we are seeing strong performance across all six growth platforms. Particularly the two areas we designated as growth platform around taste, elevation and easy meals made better. Those are adding really strong penetration rates. So, it is not only the fact that we are driving, improved share, but also is that we actually continue to drive the penetration in the places we really are going after. And that is done because of the work that we're doing. So for example, there are things we're doing taste elevation. And let me take the example the Heinz brand, we are benefiting as we are actually focused on those co-schools that we identified during our Investor Day, whether that was burgers and fries and nuggets, and those locations are actually driving even higher.  So, the places that we said that we're going to be focusing on are actually the behavior that we've seen consumers actually doing more of as we go into this in most recent quarters. And then if you look at things like eating meals made better, we have areas like mac and cheese. We also seen how they continued to come back as they are now understanding how good the product is. How they're doing more prepared meals at home, whether that is with mac and cheese, or with our classical plasticizer, or either potatoes. So, it's a combination of us improving on the way we think about our consumers with a stronger focus on the consumer platform, as well as continue to drive improved focus on our penetration of our brands and driving with better marketing.  Before I get to your questions about the overall inventory levels, I don’t know Miguel anything else you wanted to comment in terms of share. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thank you, Miguel. And then Rob, I think the other part of your question was around the inventory levels. I think that what we -- let me just -- I guess, put it within the context first of all, we saw in Q3, which is we did see some rebuilding of retail inventories, when you look at year-over-year. But that would really as a result of the drill down that we saw in Q1. So, it does vary by customer. But overall, I think we are seeing that progression of most of that recovery happen for what we saw in Q1. Now, the reality is that, we don't know what the precision is of where retailer are going to end up in terms of the number of days of inventory they're going to be carrying as we go forward. So that still to be known. What we -- what I can tell you we're doing is we actually working very collaborative with our customers to make sure that as they are preparing for a holiday season that I think in many ways would be unprecedented.  And then secondly is in places where we know that our consumers are looking to expand maybe into non-traditional categories. So we are seeing things like in our mid-business that actually recover in Q3 and we saw the improvement in share with some of the mid-business that normally wouldn't sell as much in Q4, we've seen already the improved performance in consumption as we go into the holiday so.  So net-net I will tell you is that we are working collaborative. We are seeing some improvement in Q3 in terms of retail inventories. Where exactly it's going to land? Not as clear yet. But we're going to be there with our customers to make sure we do the right thing.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes, thank you Paulo. In the U.S., what I will say is that we're beginning to now return to more normal levels of promotion and activity. I think you saw effect some of that already at Labor Day time period. And if you look at not only the actual Labor Day weekend but also overall, you take a step back and look at back to school performance. That back to school was actually pretty in line to what we saw last year. So that shows, I think that we are returning back that our customers want to make sure that we have the right pricing as we go into the remaining of the year.  So it was both in terms of us seeing that, we are ready in terms of having an availability of capacity to make sure we have the right promotions back in place, as well as working with our customers to make sure that we're there when we know consumers are going to be looking for our brands regardless of the channel whether that is in brick and mortar or ecommerce. And again, I think that -- if you look at it again, you see, just to finish the thought there is that. What you see is the market share performance, I think will show that kind of returning to promotions at the right level that we're doing as we go back and have the availability and the right investment with our customers.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Just to build more than in branding adding, I would say building U.S. meal. What I would say is that -- well, it's difficult to say how the customers are going to stay in terms of levels of inventory and SKU levels. There are things that we are doing internally to make sure that we have the most agile supply chain organization. And that includes us reducing the number of SKUs as we go into next year. So from what we had a year ago, to what you'll see in 2021 is about down 20% of number of SKUs. That actually is something that as we work collaborative with our customer shows that we’re able to then make sure that we respond with the type of service they need in the core SKUs that they’re also looking for. So, now that doesn’t take away from us being able to also stay focused in the kind of innovation that we want to bring. So we are doing both reducing our SKUs by 20%, to make sure we have that gilt in our supply chain. At the same time, we also are still focused on innovation as we go into 2021 in which we actually feel very prepared. And the reason for that is, we have reduced a number of innovations in ‘20 by half of what we had in 2019. And as we go into 2021, it’s another third that we’re reducing. And at the same time, that innovation is actually going to have a bigger impact in terms of overall drive in sales since we go into 2021. So a much more fewer -- much more focus on fewer, bigger, better innovations. We’re also focused on the right SKU so that we can better service our customers. Thanks for the question.
