Chris Jakubik: Good afternoon and thanks for joining our business update for the fourth quarter and full year of 2014. With me today are John Cahill, our Chairman and CEO, and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking comments that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. Now, I'll hand it over to John, who will outline our agenda for today.
Chris Jakubik: Sure. Absolutely. So McCafe it launched in December in the US. It added a couple of points of growth to our beverage business in the fourth quarter. We're quite excited about the national rollout across the US and keep in mind we also – it's been in the market in Canada since late September. In Canada we've gotten good distribution but unfortunately its a little bit early to have any repeat numbers to pass along, but we'll certainly update you as we move forward.
Chris Jakubik: Yes, I think Jason, I think you have to appreciate that on a number of fronts as we're going through the process here, we certainly don't want to front run any of the good work that’s – that its going to happen by the team. Obviously we've been out there with a strong dividend and that's been there since the outset. But I don't think we really want to start giving guidance on growth rates et cetera.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much and thanks for joining us today. For any of the analyst who have follow-up questions I will be available after the call and for anyone in the media who has further questions call in Tony Ryan and Basil Maglaris, will be available to take your calls as well. So, thank you and have a good evening.
John Cahill: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm delighted to be speaking with you today as Kraft Foods Chairman and CEO. And while it's still early in my tenure and I'm deep in the learning cycle, and I'll tell you upfront that I'm not far enough along to be able to answer all the questions you may have about our plans for the future today. I will certainly share my perspective on the current realities facing Kraft and our industry. But it's early days as I begin to work with the team to map out our path forward. So this afternoon we will review Kraft's performance in 2014 and some of the factors that are likely to shape our outlook as we head into 2015. And at the end, I'll touch upon my preliminary thinking on our biggest areas of opportunity. By now you will have seen the announcement we've made today regarding some leadership changes, and that Teri List-Stoll will be stepping down as CFO at the end of this month. I'd like to thank Teri for her contributions to our company, her dedication and her professionalism, and her leadership of Kraft's strong financial team. So let me now turn it over to Teri to discuss our Q4 and full-year financial results, as well as some thoughts on 2015.
John Cahill: Let me answer Chris the second aspect first and then turn to Teri to talk about Q4 and 2014. With respect to productivity in longer-term, in my comments I mentioned that we have – we really do see we have more opportunity there than we've captured so far. And I mentioned our plans and so forth. We do of a good bit of excess capacity which we're mindful of. So, let me stop there and say that just wait for the – let me develop these plans and come back to you at later time, but I'm confident we have more opportunity. So let's talk about 2014.
John Cahill: Well, I will say Chris, again, and [indiscernible] maybe give you a little glimpse, my view is marketing remains paramount in it's important to Kraft, and we would like to spend more money, but we want to do it in an intelligent way. And so we've got to develop the programs that are worthy of substantial dollars and that's where we're headed.
John Cahill: Thank you, David. I think that my perspective at least at this stage is that, that there is plenty of opportunity to spend intelligently and to boost the performance of our brands. What we believe, what I believe is that there's a lot we internally at Kraft can do to improve that around execution. And so that's why I really focused enormously on that in terms of my prepared comments. I think that we need to bring – we have the resources, we need to bring the right ideas and the right decision-making to bear to apply to these brands. We need to be more intelligent. We need to be faster. We need to be more fact-based. And so that's what I am focusing on with George – will be focusing on with George and the team.
John Cahill: Well, so Brian, you know my view of Kraft was – mostly as being a chairman and a board member, so I – but I certainly watch the industry carefully and the industry has changed. I wouldn't call it dramatic, I'd call a continuous. And so I certainly expect the industry to continue to change. What remains and that is in terms of what's happening at the retail level, what's happening with additional brands in these categories and so forth, and with respect to consumers desire to find great value and high quality. And so I would tell you that, I don't think that Kraft has done as aggressive a job in this regard as we need to do and will do going forward. And so, I don't view the changes in this marketplace to be daunting or problematic particularly for company like Kraft with its incredible trademarks. We just need to execute better.
John Cahill: Yes. When I look at the portfolio Brian, I would tell you that, my primary focus is on how we spend our resources. And we have wonderful brands, but they are not all created equal. And so our intention is to resource those brands that have greater margin potential and have great margins to start with and have great upside – top line potential and where we have great ideas. And so, with respect to what we own or we don't own, we'll save that for another day. But suffice to say, we've got our eye on the world. But at the end of the day our brands are phenomenal brands as they are. And so our first and foremost focus will be on making them work.
John Cahill: Well, let me be clear on this subject Andrew. Certainly I was around at the spin and I'm very mindful of the story that was told at that time and I think it was a good story and in many respect we're staying with the same story. But we'll have more clarity around that in more detail in the second quarter when I display our plans. But conceptually I will tell you that, we're not departing. I don't think we'll depart from the main line of that story and that is we have fabulous brands. We have great opportunities to invest in them intelligently, but you used the term earlier in your comments discipline, I would say we've done fine. This is not a broken company by any stretch. But we do need to adapt a turnaround mindset in many ways and that is going to be mostly around, as I said earlier this pace of change, this focus on execution and this return on investment. And we can do a much better job with that I'm quite confident. And so, stay tuned and we'll have more to tell – talk about that in the second quarter.
John Cahill: Will, certainly I mean, cutting into the bone doesn't really make sense at the end of the day for consumer products company. I won't opine on what Heinz has done or not done. But with respect to Kraft, I will tell you that as I see it today there remains plenty of opportunity to become more – to take cost out without jeopardizing in any way our top line opportunity. So that's what's exciting to me.
John Cahill: Well, I think the answer Jonathan is that you could look at this from a macro or micro level. I think the root of your question is from the more macro perspective and the good news is we have tools and data to look at this from the micro perspective. When we look at trade spending, we the look at advertising spending and the like. And so when I talk about the need for improved discipline and improved focus on returns it's using that information both to look at specific promotions and the like and then to learn from those and to apply them in the next go around. We're good at that, but we need and can be much better.
John Cahill: I think that, let me point on that a little bit Ken just for the moment, but as a matter, go back to what I said a moment ago. I do not believe all of our brands are the same. I think that the different brands have different roles in our portfolio, therefore we will have different resources applied against them and we will have different expectations for them. And so that's really the focus of where we are. We are mindful of what's happening in the outside world and what may be opportunities or us and we'll watch this very carefully, but our primary focus is on applying the right resources to these brands.
John Cahill: So Alexia, I'll wait mostly on the answer to your question until we get together in the second quarter. But I would say in addition to the list that you articulated, I want to make sure we don't lose the productivity aspect of this. There is – it's very important that we become even leaner than we are today and we have an opportunity to do so. And so that will be an enormous focus and very important and powerful element of our plan going forward. With respect to our brands, we will certainly – categories have different margins associated with them. We're very mindful of that and want to optimize this from a shareholder perspective over time and we'll talk more about that in the second quarter.
John Cahill: Well, I'd point Matthew to a couple things and answer your question. The first is, I'm delighted that Chris Kempczinski is taking this job. He is a exceptionally talented strategist and thinker, as well as an executor. So, he – he has great marketing background and will help us along these lines of linking consumer insights to innovation which is not been necessarily linked as well as they might have been in the past and Kraft in my view. The second thing is to say that, that as I've dug into this in the last couple of weeks, I've found that our consumer insights have – frankly our resources against that particular area have not been a strong as I thought they would be and they have, they've not sort of lessened over time. And so, I think you'd expect that we'll be getting a better consumer insights as the base and the foundation for a lot of these decisions going forward.
John Cahill: I said no, let me be clear, I said about the dividend in that regards, so no one should read anything into, anything upset about that absolutely not.
John Cahill: Really, beyond those comments, the answer is that I'm a cash driven guy and a very mindful of the desire and need to supply ample dividends to our shareholders and we'll talk more about that when we get together.
John Cahill: Well, let me be clear. First of all, on Chris Kempczinski title and his role, certainly I do like the linkage of consumer insights and strategy and innovation and he's the perfect guy to do this. And with respect to international, no we have a Canadian business and we have and export business. And the export business is actually is doing quite well and it go back to the Form-10's and you will see we have brands returning to us from Mondelez over time. And so, its suffice it to say that I have an interest. And now, that export business is roughly by 2% of our sales, so it's a huge at this point by any stretch, but it's nicely profitable and I could see that growing quite well. So, that's what you should read into to his title. I'm not going to speculate or comment on what you read or don't read it with respect to particular deals, my focus is on the base business, let's just put it that way.
John Cahill: First of all David, as we said we're not in a position to provide any guidance today. I think as we get closer to the second quarter and we can talk about the fuller plan, we'll give you more detail. I think you named a good number of the negative headwinds. Obviously you have the unrealized hedging gain – unrealized hedging loss that came into play this year, can't really forecast that. And then as Teri talked about we had some of the recall costs and missed execution if that doesn't repeat that will be a good degree of favorability. So don't really want to start taking it apart and adding it up or adding it down for you, but we'll provide more details in due course.
John Cahill: So, just one thing on that Eric, as you think about it, as you put in the pricing in Canada you'll probably see the volume impact of that significant pricing come into play in the first quarter.
John Cahill: Well Eric, I appreciate the question and I remember that session in Boston very well and I do think the world has changed. We certainly didn't expect the kind of top line compression from an industry standpoint at that stage, subsequent three years but it is what it is. But I'm not going to opined today on these long-term targets and the approach. Its suffice it to say though what remains is these brands are incredibly powerful they deserve innovation and support. We continue to have very substantial productivity opportunities and I remain a very cash oriented person executive with the intent of providing intelligent and ample returns to our investors. So stay tuned and we'll give you that answer in the second quarter.
John Cahill: Well, I can assure you that we have had ample discussions with the Board and they have endorsed our strategies, but from a – in all respects certainly from a cash orientation and cash free standpoint, yes.
John Cahill: Well, I'm not going to say that. All I am saying is that, all of our plans are reviewed and approved by the Board and you'll have to stay tuned and see what we come forward with in the second quarter. Having said that, I don’t – I personally don't at this stage do not see substantial change in our financial policies. I mean, I think they are very sound and appropriate for business of this type.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. So as we said, our gross productivity was about 4% which is still a very strong level of gross productivity, but our net productivity was much lower and what we really need to be focused on is sustaining that delivery of the gross productivity, but translating it into the margin accretion that we need the lower unit cost that we need from those productivity savings. So that's what we're focused on, but the gross productivity continues to be certainly strong on a relative basis.
Teri List-Stoll: So, just to be clear, these were actually benefits that were realized in the quarter and on the year. So it is a function of the annual actuarial evaluation that's performed. We did make some planned design changes a few years ago and we've been benefiting from those as they've rolled to the plan and since we're kind of at the tail of that, that's why we don't expect these to be recurring in the future. But it's all very – it's not something that was unexpected. It was part of why we made the design changes, but we wanted to be very clear that the benefits have rolled through and to what degree it creates a headwind for the future.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, and most of it, because the valuations occur once per year typically unless there are other events that's why they come in in the quarter.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. I don't know if you really wanted detailed review of our analytical tools. We have the ability for both trade and advertising to very reasonably precisely see the amount of lift that came from the spend and we can use that to then adapt and adjust future program. So the tools are there as John said. We just need to use them in a more disciplined fashion.
Teri List-Stoll: So, as John indicated we'll certainly have more to say in the future, but at this point as we look at our debt rating we do see the benefit of investment grade, so that remains an important consideration for us. We have the upcoming debt maturity this summer. We have quite a bit of cash on hand. We have an untapped commercial paper program. We have share repurchase under way. We purchased $740 million there. So you can see as John said we're very mindful of the cash this company can generate and putting it to the best use for shareholders.
Teri List-Stoll: We don't have a specific amount for you, but as you can imagine from the results our compensation is a pay for performance basis. And so the actual bonuses were down versus target.
Teri List-Stoll: You know, I think what we would say is that – so debt restructuring spending is a function of how we generate some of the productivity. So, the step down from the 125 is where we actually started, with the growing rate expectation for restructuring isn’t large enough to dramatically impact the gross productivity that we would expect on the year. But of course, to accelerate the productivity we'd have to think about whether restructuring efforts might be necessary and that would be part of the planning being done now.
Teri List-Stoll: You mentioned the AMP spending and obviously that spending will only occur to the extent it generates return. So I don't think of that as a headwind per se.
Teri List-Stoll: No, we didn't present that. I don't have that with me. Chris can follow up with you on the details of that.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. Great question, very fair. In fact it really wasn't. The activity we saw in the fourth quarter in Canada was largely a great deal of customer activity that really drove legitimate consumption in the market, so there was just higher promotional activity supported by the customer. The pricing impacts are really going to be at current year impact.
