Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Thanks for the kind words, Miguel. The last 90 days have been challenging and even more rewarding than anticipated. I was familiar with most of the business and understood the opportunity for change. Our response to this crisis has only strengthened my believe that Kraft Heinz is in a unique position to serve families with trusted brands, has a strong sense of ownership and clarity of purpose to feed the world and demonstrating agility to rise to the challenge of the moment. As you would expect, I spent my first month getting to know the team, assessing our capabilities, doing some deep dive on underperforming business and shaping a new consumer-centric direction for our U.S. zone. And with the turnaround work already under way, I have worked quickly to add my own perspective into our efforts to simplify processes, distort marketing resources to higher ROI and gross margin part of the business, drive the complexity and establish clear priorities to deliver our commitment. All these efforts only intensified as a result of the crisis in which we are living. So I was expecting my first interaction with you will be to talk about the new integrated business plans we're installing to improve our forecasting, reduce waste and sharpen our strategic direction as well as the beginning of our sales transformation and steps we are taking to accelerate marketing excellence. For these last two months have had an extra layer of crisis management that, in many ways, is accelerating our turnaround, we are cautious to move faster to simplify manufacturing to maximize throughput, reevaluate our merchandising strategies, shift their marketing spending and adjust their messaging and strengthen our collaboration with our suppliers and customers. I will finish my initial observations by saying what a privilege it is to work with the thousands of colleagues who, day and night, are doing what's needed to make our trusted brands available all across our country. I have been amazed by the work of our teams, and nothing captured this better than the message that was born from our factories: We Got You, America. We were also inspired that we amplify their voices by bringing the spirit to live on film for all America to see on our hashtag We Got You, America as campaign. Now in terms of our Q1 results for the U.S. segment, we initially expect the Q1 sales to be pressured from a combination of pricing to offset dairy and meat inflation with related share loss and volume declines as we led on pricing; some carryover distribution losses, particularly in our frozen business; with a partial offset from strong foodservice growth as we lapped the prior year comparison due to winter storms last year. In January and February, the overall business performed slightly better than anticipated. However, our market share trends remain weak with natural cheese, cold cuts and frozen meals, in particular, is down roughly 2 points. In March, however, this trend reversed. Consumptions in cheese, meat, and most every category for them had accelerated, while foodservice sales fell more than 20% versus last year. As a result, Q1 organic growth was 6.4%. And in terms of profitability, we initially expected a mid-single-digit decline in adjusted EBITDA for Q1. Instead, we grew roughly 6%.  Looking forward right now, we think organic top line growth in Q2 will be in the mid-single-digit range. And this is based on our expectations for strong retail takeaway to continue, boosted by retail customers rebuilding inventory and with the foodservice sales declined by roughly 2/3. I would, however, caution you in expecting a similar top line growth in the second half of the year. This is because at some point soon, it is reasonable to expect initial pantry loading to run-off as consumers adjust to a new normal. Foodservice weakness is likely to continue beyond this initial crisis period. And keep in mind, we will exit the McCafé business in the U.S. beginning in Q3, and we'll now lap some distribution losses until late in the year. Now I will turn things over to Paul to talk through the results for the rest of the business and where we expect to go from here on the financial front.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Probably, the only thing I would add is that, as you said, the meat and dairy projections are within the outlook we've given for Q2.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Listen, I think if you think about the fact that when we went through this process of the crisis, we actually were able to think about working with our customers what is the best way for us to actually reduce some of the promotional events that was happening right now in the marketplace. So both because of the fact that our inventories were a challenge and then we work with our customer to make sure we actually got to the right events that we wanted to have in the marketplace in places that we, in fact, had better inventory. As we're going back and going forward, we'll see that potentially our -- we'll be able to actually go back and start thinking about what are the promotional events that we can then pull back in the market to work in the right pricing, but that's only once we have the inventories back in place that we wanted in the year to go.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me just add a couple of things, Miguel. One in terms of the marketing and what we're seeing is, listen, I think that Miguel said, we're committed to, in fact, spend more or less. Now what you're going to be seeing is that we will actually rebalance our lower marketing spend so that it can better reflect the healthful gains we're making and the new consumers that now have coming to our franchise. So as we speak, we're actually looking at what is the right media, the right channels for us to reach those new consumers that now have come into our franchises. Already some of that work is underway. And I think let me just give you a couple of examples how that translated into the marketplace. We're actually making some adjustment on sync like the Oscar Mayer, Front Yard Cookout, a way for us to stimulate during the grilling season that kind of behavior with our brands. You're also seeing things like our Heinz Designer Support, a way actually for us to give back to our diners in a moment in which they really need us. And then just switching, just one additional comment on the innovation part of the question. What I'll tell you is that completely aligned with Miguel in terms of us, adjusting some of the innovation. And in general terms, I think that we will continue to evaluate innovation as we think through the lens of capacity. The one challenging all this on innovation, you have to do with our food service. We are seeing already some restaurants that actually are shifting from things like tabletop to more portion control. We're working to adapt. I think we have a very agile organization that allows us to make this shift. And we're working with our customers to make sure that we supply them in the way they need now going forward.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Well, I think, Miguel, I think you covered the overall supply chain and how we're feeling about it. Just to go deeper then in terms of what's happening here in the U.S., I think in the news, you have all heard, there's been a certain amount of constraint happening right now within the meat processing. Well, as Miguel said, I'm pretty proud of the fact that as an organization, we took actions early, the point that Miguel made around safety being the number one priority, the elements that we put in our factories to protect our overall lead supply chain, social distancing, PPE, temperature checks, twice-a-day operation calls to make sure that we are sharing best practices and adapted quickly to a situation. Today, we're basically pulling all levers to make sure that we make meat available to our consumers as fast as we can. We believe that right now, the way we are seeing the outlook for Q2 is actually manageable with the information that we share with you. Thanks for the question.
Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Paulo. As you know, we have been developing our new strategy, transforming our capabilities and making needed investments in the business for months. And no one was more anxious to share our work than we were. But uncertainties that have entered with COVID-19 have given rise to a heightened attention on the next five months versus the next five years. And frankly, it has made it more than appropriate for us and the broader industry to revisit assumptions, some strategic priorities and for us to revise the pacing of our savings and investment expectations. So we decided to move this event to September to do things once and do them in a holistic way. In September, we want our new leadership team to share our perspective on the unique assets and advantages we are building from, key findings and the paradigm shift we are employing and the new operating model we are putting into place and of course, give you a chance to ask questions to our broader team. We will walk through the extensive review we've done by category, by country and in market to build consumer understanding that has led to the new insights, how we think our portfolio fits today's consumer and how we can adapt and drive future consumer trends. We'll also provide our assessment of the unique building blocks we think we have at Kraft Heinz, assets such as scale, global footprint, deep household penetration, an unparalleled portfolio of business and brands, capabilities in the form of an advantaged cost structure and a culture of agility and accountability and how this can allow us to anticipate and deliver against consumer needs with agility at scale. We will also discuss how we no longer think about our portfolio as 55 product categories and individual businesses by geography. We are reorienting to how consumers think, a few specific platforms that are globally relevant, platforms that will leverage our strengths to drive property consumer insights and allow us to better prioritize our emerging market growth initiatives, for instance. It's an approach that we are very excited about, but more of this to come in September. And finally, we will provide with our blueprint for our future. We'll describe a new Kraft Heinz operating model that will include and address that many questions you have around; our new strategic priorities, marketing and sales initiatives and saving opportunities in sourcing and supply chain. We have a more clear view of the things that will make a difference for us, the things that will bring both more operating efficiency and better consumer relevance for our brands. We'll have a lot to discuss in September. For now, I will leave you with this. Standing here today with a comprehensive strategic plan, I'm even more confident that we can return Kraft Heinz to consistent, predictable top tier growth on both top line and bottom line.  Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Miguel Patricio: Listen, we have, in some cases, it varies. We have some opportunities to doing some type of markets depending of the commodity to do some hedges, and we are evaluating this. The future also as the spot price, they have differences. And there are some opportunities in terms of the inventory that we're exploring, but they are limited.
Miguel Patricio: Look, Robert, I think in terms of uncertainty, consumers turn to brands that they trust. They want to experiment less. They want to experiment less with new brands. And that's what we're seeing right now. Our brands represent comfort for people. And I think that the consumers are coming back to big brands. As a result, our leading iconic brands are growing household penetration in almost every market, especially the developed markets like U.S., like Canada, like U.K. So I think it's critical that we continue investing behind our brands to reassert the advantage that we have in taste, in performance and in value. And I think also that for our customers, reliability and availability are extremely important in this environment. And this is where agility can, with scale, can really set you apart. I think that we are working with our customers in a very, very, very agile and close way. And I don't – and this is what's happening right now. Yes.
Miguel Patricio: Sure. Bryan, Miguel. We disclosed in previous calls that it was in our plan, in our budget, to increase media around 30% this year, although this increase would be from – paid from within. So marketing shouldn't have a substantial growth, but media would grow 30%. It's our intention to keep the investments on our brands. And even evaluating right now, if we shouldn't even put more to create the momentum, and especially to keep the penetration that we are seeing, the increase in penetration of our brands with our consumers. Regarding innovation, we postponed a lot of innovation. Talking with our customers, we thought – actually, that was the best thing to do because at this moment, what we are doing is actually reducing the number of SKUs that we are producing, so we can have better productivity in our lines. And we both thought it was not the best moment of introducing innovation, so they were postponed.
Miguel Patricio: No. We are talking about what we had in the pipeline for this year. Yes, for the midyear for back-to-school and towards the end of the year. So we're talking about the remaining of the year, not 2021.
Miguel Patricio: Look, I think that scale is a critical work for us and what makes us different. We – especially in North America, we have scale. How – scale has to come with agility because if you have scale and you were not agile, that goes against you. But if you have agility of scale, it can be a killing combination. And I think that for us is very important. I think that the business in the past was managed almost by category. And then when you do that, it's like slicing the company in pieces. I think what we have to do is exactly take advantage of the commonalities, the scale that we have. And when you find these commonalities, then a lot of things come with it, insights, synergies. And so yes, I think that for us, we are absolutely intrigued with the benefits of agility at scale at this moment. Talking specifically about what can be global. What is global, what can be global and will be global is our ability to win in products that adds taste and flavor to foods. And instead of talking about ketchup and mustard and mayonnaise you know if you think about what are the products that actually enhance taste to food and what are the insights and the synergies that are behind is pretty exciting for us. So that's the way we are looking at. So when we think about platforms, we are starting with consumers, understanding what are the consumer needs, what are the main reasons, what their consumer is looking for and putting these categories, these products, these brands together, looking at commonalities of consumer needs, occasions, which is pretty exciting. And this is -- in China, maybe the enhancer's tastes are different, but the need is the same than here in United States. And we can leverage a lot to our global scale by understanding these needs in depth. Talking about brands global, because you asked about that. I think I think that we have Heinz as definitely a big global brand that we see every day more potential. And then we have the local jewels, right? We have Masters in China. We have CAD in Brazil. We have ABC in Indonesia that are brands that are local and are designed to enhance taste of local food. Not going through a lot of details because we don't have time for that, Steve. That would be what I would tell you.
Paulo Basilio: Andrew, this is Paulo. We've been improving our way of communicating with the market and trying to share with investors and now how we're seeing the business. And again, we decided to give a better view, giving out the volatility that we're seeing in the market. We decided to share what we are seeing, although highlighting the risks, how we're seeing the Q2. And given the demand that we see in terms of our retail business, also the headwinds that we are facing our foodservices business. So it's the decision that we took to share with the market, how we're seeing this next – the Q2 and the next 2 months that we're at the end of April. And we are very cautious in relation of the second half. But it's because we believe that we have a good visibility and just an ability to share more our views for the quarter with the market.
Paulo Basilio: Yes. No, I think very much the 3 drivers that are improving our profitability of sales fall-through to EBITDA are first, we are seeing a much better mix -- product mix versus what we have in Q1, including the retail versus foodservice. I think the second component is, where our supply chain performance, as we discussed before, we were seeing some supply chain headwinds come in Q1, and now they are behind us. And the third is a better balance between price and commodity costs. As we also highlighted in the prior call, we were lapping a very low price for one of the commodities in the Q1 that now we believe is going to be more balanced. This balance between price and commodities will be better. So those will be pretty much the three drivers that are driving the flow-through improvement from Q1 to Q2.
Paulo Basilio: So, Ken, let me start here, and then maybe Carlos or Miguel can also comment, specifically Carlos. But we are seeing – there is no doubt that we are seeing a much more favorable environment in commodities than the start of the year. And also, we should – you should see sequential improvement from what we saw in Q1 versus Q2. For now, what I can tell you that is the favorability that we see in Q2, it's already considered in the outlook that we've just provided. But for the second half, for us now, it's too early to give any type of level of precisions given that level of volatility that we're still see in the market. And also, if you remember, there are also the component of uncertainty around the retail prices that will come.
Paulo Basilio: Listen, we are – as Miguel and Carlos mentioned, we are – we have our clear strategic view. We have some relevant projects that we have. Our – as we are discussing our cash flow position, and our visibility of the business is strong in terms of cash. We are – of course, we are reevaluating and replanning the type of CapEx and the type of equipment that we will do and the timing that we're going to get them through the year. But we want to keep the investment and want to keep the execution that we plan for the year.
Paulo Basilio: Okay. So I think trying to organize, we have like clearly, the – as a consequence, some benefit in commodities that I've already discussed. And again, the numbers are already discussed in our Q2 outlook. I think there is another component that is the component of the additional cost that we are having in the business to keep the business running as we go through this situation in terms of additional cost for ramp up, the capacity, the incentives that we need to give for our front-line workers, additional equipment that we need to have. I think overall, all of those costs, they are happening with us. They are growing, but I would say that they are manageable, okay? And we are managing them. And they are also included in this outlook of Q2 that we have. So I think the high level that I would – it's split would be like we have this commodity, a situation that we're seeing today. We have this additional cost. And on the other side, we have a better productivity from our lines, from our plants being brought by the higher volume that we have.
