George Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide four and our performance in the United States. There is no questioning the slow start to 2017 with greater than expected declines in January and February (8:40) forecast Heinz and the food industry in general. However, we saw marked improvement as the quarter progressed. And we feel good about the early read of Easter trading and the balance of the year, especially the second half. Let's start with the two areas that have presented headwinds to us in Q1 versus prior year. The first includes several calendar changes versus the prior year. As we highlighted on our Q4 call, we think the shift in our merchandising windows versus last year, driven by Easter timing and the impact on measured-channel consumption, as well as our market share where we typically over-index during that period. We also experienced one less day in the quarter due to comparisons with Leap Year in 2016, as well as a delay in tax returns from February last year to March this year. That impacted families that claim charge tax credit. Importantly, these families are a big, core component of the Kraft Heinz consumer base. Together, these changes in the calendar versus last year drove more than half of the 3.6% decline in measured-channel category growth and market share you can see in the chart on the right. The second factor is distribution losses of certain less profitable products in measured-channel, primarily club that affected our consumption numbers in certain cheese and meat categories. Beyond that, the combination of our non-measured channel performance and other trade-related impacts essentially offset one another. On our last call, I also mentioned that we exited the year with some of our Q4 shipments needing to be worked off in January. While this did, in fact, occur, it was partially offset by some shipments related to retailer demand for early Easter builds in certain categories, like cream cheese. Going forward, however, I do feel good about our chances of driving sequential improvement in organic growth from Q1 to Q2, and more importantly, from Q2 through the second half of the year. As a start, we've already seen more favorable consumption trends in both March and April. Also, our Big Bets that are now in the market are driving consumption gains, including double-digit growth in frozen entrees after years of decline behind the successful introductions of Devour and SmartMade brands. We also had strong growth in our mac and cheese portfolio from renovation and innovation last year, as well as ongoing innovation-led growth in Lunchables. And we have more to come, including new ways to enjoy Philly with the launch of Philadelphia Cheesecake Cups, along with Bagel Chips and Cream Cheese Dips, which have had strong initial consumer response. The launch of Capri Sun Sport and Cracker Barrel Oven Baked Mac & Cheese, as well as the renovation of our Oscar Mayer hotdog line with simpler ingredients, no nitrites or nitrates, no artificial preservatives, no by-product and no change in the price. Importantly, as we begin to complete key modernization projects within our footprint activity and remove a self-imposed restriction on introducing new products in our meat business, we will start to increase both innovation and renovation activities to improve our performance in challenged categories, particularly at the back half of the year. And beginning in Q2, you are going to start to see us better leverage Kraft Heinz scale at retail. This will come in the form of increased in-store activity with several scale events in Q2, including Easter, Memorial Day and Feed Your Family, Feed The World, scale event we launched just last week as part of our fight to end the global hunger that Bernardo mentioned earlier. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo.
George Zoghbi: Hi, Ken. This is George. The price competition among retailers is not like something new. And, as you know, it becomes usually a major focus every time you see a new entrant or a new format in the market, which happens that we are seeing both now. Of course, we'd have to be mindful of the impact on us, particularly the one that we watch for the most is the equity, the impact on the equity of our brands, because we have certain expectation where we position our brands. So our approach to this will continue to be data-driven and discipline in deciding where and when to invest. So sometimes we go along and we make investments, some other times we go dark. At all times, however, we continue to be using a data-driven disciplined approach.
George Zoghbi: Thank you, Alexia. This is George here. So, look, we shared that with you at the last quarter that the Easter shift for us would be about 1% to 1.5%. However, we shipped, as stated earlier, around 40% of that in this quarter. So it wouldn't have the big impact. If you want to get an idea where the underlying performance for the quarter would have been, so if you take out all the one-offs or the calendar effects, consumption really for our category would have been trending at minus 1.2% to minus 1.5%. So I think that's a good starting point for you to look at as you move forward, and then you overlay the full impact of our 2017 programs, which will be realized in the second half of the year. So you will see sequential improvement as the year progresses.
George Zoghbi: Sure. Sure. In the U.S. in Q1, look, we lost some distribution for certain retail items, namely when I speak about there is the cultured dairy, some cottage cheese and items and sour cream, and a little bit of natural slices that you could see in the Nielsen data. This is part of normal course of doing business. After a range review, you win some, you lose some. So for us, it's not a major one-off event. However, what I wanted to say, in general, our view is the following: we will not sacrifice the long term for short-term gain. That we will not do. No way we will do that. It is but against our principles. And, as I said, we are driven by consumer insight translated into data that helps satisfy consumer needs and/or retailers and the categories are better off. And that is the approach that we take as we have our discussions with our trade partners.
George Zoghbi: Pablo, this is George here. Just to confirm a few things, one, our entire model is DC. So we do not have any DSD in the United States. However, we've taken a very large number of categories. Including categories in the fresh aisle, we have a business. I don't know if you're aware, but we sell in the deli specialty cheeses and under the Churny Company we have some very good business there. We sell in the dairy refrigerated aisle as well as deli both in processed meat as well as the center of store and in the snack aisle under Planters. We feel very good about our portfolio and we allocated portfolio role to each category and brand as part of our long-term strategic plan. So while we have a diversified number of categories and brands, we do not treat them all the same. We have a different role and that role would dictate the level of investment, the new product introduction, and the support that we give to these brands. And that we see as a competitive advantage to be able to utilize in the marketplace.
George Zoghbi: Thanks, Matt. This is George here. It's a very good question. As a matter of fact, we like the renovation a lot more than innovation because the payback is a lot faster; in some areas, it's almost immediate. And you mentioned some of the good ones like Oscar Mayer. And Oscar Mayer, as you know, about 18 months ago, we started transforming part of the range to Oscar Mayer Natural. That's approaching about $100 million business now, and it will be a lot larger. We did similar things in Mac & Cheese last year when we removed artificial ingredients from Mac & Cheese, and we're very, very happy with the performance, we're growing share in the Mac & Cheese category at the back of renovation and innovation. Couple years ago, we did that on Philadelphia and you see our share and our growth there, similarly when we did that on Kraft Singles, we're still growing share on Kraft Singles. In all of them, we actually catered our campaign and our communication to reflect that. So while we did not change our communication strategy, we had very, very good growth rate both in term of absolute and market share and faster payback on all those things.
George Zoghbi: Yeah Good questions, both actually. One, there is a natural shift in the merchandising calendar. One of them is Easter, and the second one, we introduced a scale program that I talked about in my remarks. So that is new or incremental to what we did in prior years. So that is as far as the promotional calendar is concerned. And the third one, we restricted ourselves from promoting Oscar Mayer and meats for quite some time and while we were going through our footprint project. That restriction has been lifted now and we are in full support of the brand. So you're going to see good improvement in both the cold cuts areas and other parts of the meat segment. So the combination of both is going to improve the trends that you see in the market. As a matter of fact, if you look at the very recent trend, they're very different from January and February – much, much improved.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Ken. Hi, this is Paulo. So, I don't remember we mentioning it during the call, but in terms of the gross margin, which is pretty much flat year-over-year, it's kind of encouraging to us given the commodity headwind that we had this quarter comparing to the prior year's first quarter. And also the geographic mix that we have this year with the decline of the higher margin business in North America.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Sure. So if you think about – just let me step back to give more color on the main impacts we had in the quarter. So pretty much our North America EBITDA declined around $40 million, $45 million. The main impact we had was driven by volume mix. And this impact offset the savings initiatives around the $100 million that we have, additional savings, and the pricing we got in the quarter. So pretty much we had the commodity headwinds we faced this quarter being really responsible of the fact that the EBITDA decline. Prior year, in the same quarter, we had a much bigger favorability than that, almost twice this size if you go back to Q1 2016.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: No. Yes. So, yes, you're right. I think the majority of the cash declines we had was pretty much driven by typical seasonal working capital. Q1 is a quarter that we normally lose a lot of working capital due to seasonality in that. And on top of that, we had inventory increase to prepare because we are preparing for all the footprint activities we are going to execute during the year. So the majority of this is just the timing and we expect to recover in the following quarters.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: I think when I see that – just we start. We're still seeing that and we've said that before that we would have had investments in the Rest of the World business. The growth is coming and we expect the growth even to ramp up going forward. And I think to better answer the questions, we're still seeing the margin there is around 20% being representative of the margin that we're going to see in this unit going forward.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yeah. So it's pretty much what I was saying. So we expect these investments happening in the first half of the year in Rest of the World. And we expect this pay off and start seeing better margins going back to the normal margins of the business in the second half of the year.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. So, to think about – the way that we think about our M&A framework, which hasn't changed since the beginning, and the framework is pretty much that we want to own brands that we'd be happy owning these brands for the long run, brands with strong equity, strong relative market share, brands that can travel. But we also analyze a lot how the business operates, the go-to-market of the business, and more important than that, how the business operates better, how they would operate better, how they grow fast being together. Okay? And, of course, doing this analysis, we take everything into consideration, including all the synergies that we have, all the options that we have in terms of getting a better performance. And, again, everything that you said is always to improve our portfolio, right, when we have this type of framework.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: And more important and also very important is that we're always going to be very, very disciplined on price.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Andrew. So, it's Paulo again. So when we're entering the second year of integration, it's much better to track for cumulative savings than trying to track a run-rate, given the structure of our savings that is net of inflation and net of investment. So we ended the prior year at $1.2 billion cumulative savings. We are ending this first quarter at $1.2 billion level and we said that and we're still in the path to get to $1.7 billion. So, out of the $500 million that we expect to deliver this year additional, we delivered $100 million in the first quarter. And again, we still have $400 million to deliver going forward in the next three quarters. And again, you're right that we said that we expect additional savings – the majority of the savings to be in the second half.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: So hi, Pablo. This is Paulo. So, on the first question – and let me start from there. So, the first question was about...
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yes. So according to divestiture of the brands, today we feel comfortable with the brands and the capital that you operate. We think we have scale and we operate well there. Again, as soon as if we decide to divest any categories or any brand in any specific geography, we will communicate this properly to the market. So related to the Unilever potential transaction, we really believe that as I said in the M&A framework it's kind of – again, if you go back here in terms of only consumer brands, brands with a strong market share, brands that can travel, similar go-to-market, similar operation, I think at the end of the day that these two segments of the consumer product goods are very similar and that's the reason why you see also many companies operating brands for consumers, sometimes food, sometimes personal care, sometimes healthcare.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Alexia. Here's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. Look, I think, like you said, we need to separate what's perception and what are facts, right. And so if you think about our culture and what it's all about, it's actually quite simple and very consistent over decades. It's all about ownership, meritocracy, high performance, (28:11) brands, and dreaming big. It's all about those five things. And I truly believe those five things are applicable in many companies and many segments and so on. So through this culture we have, and so I don't think it will be more difficult or easier to do any other transaction. About the perception, and again I think you pointed well, it's a little different story, right, because when people think about cost cutting and so on, we're much more in line to get efficient to fuel and invest behind profitable growth. That's what we really do, right. Our selling expenditure is going up, our working dollar is going up, our go-to-market capability are going up because those are things we believe for the long run can build profitable growth like we're here for. So, in a sense, you may be right there is a perception problem or not. That's not for us to judge. What I can say that the values we have, those five things I just mentioned, we truly believe can be applicable in many companies and many segments.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Bryan. Yes. Look, I strongly disagree with this statement. And you can see it, actually our model has been working for many, many, many years, decades and so. And if you look at the facts and data, you're going to see growing organic rates pretty much in line with average with our peers. But with the profitability level we have today allows us to invest strongly behind our brands and product quality. So with that in mind, our strategy really continue to be focusing on creating profitable growth within the company to really four things: first, Big Bets innovation with bolder and stronger product development; second, achieving a higher share of voice with more working media dollars behind our brands; third, investing behind our go-to-market capabilities, touching the shelves in a much more structured way; and fourth, achieving the operational efficiencies, so we can support and invest behind growth. Those are the four things we have been doing since the merger and the things we will continue to build moving forward. So I strongly disagree with this statement.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: And, Jason, just to add on the commercial side, like we said before, a lot of the growth are coming really from two venues, right? One is whitespace and so penetrating new categories and establish ourselves like cheese in the Middle East, cheese in Russia; Kraft sauces in Europe, Australia, New Zealand; the nuts business in China and U.K.; Mac & Cheese in Latin America and UK. So you have the core – and not only the whitespace, you have also the core that's pretty much the beans and soup in New Zealand and Australia, and condiments and sauces almost everywhere. It's still growing strongly on the Rest of the World. So we will continue to see us investing behind and supporting this growth. So, looking at that, it's very in line what you have been saying we will be doing for the rest of the year.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Chris. That's very much in line with what we said about the restructure plan to create the three global brands and platforms right behind Kraft, Heinz and Planters. It's too early stage, but I think in most part of the countries, we wanted to penetrate on 2017. We already created supply chain and that's exactly the whitespace I was talking about early on when you talk about we're starting to penetrate on cheese, we're starting to grow on nuts, UK, China, and now going to Continental Europe, Mac & Cheese in Brazil and UK and so on. So those brands are growing in line with our expectations for the year and it's starting to accelerate as much as we can. That being said, given the size of the business, and so on, the magnitude they have is still not significant, for example, to offset our performance we had in the United States and Canada.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Jon. The answer to your first question is, quite frankly, no. The places we wanted to see increase cost that was selling and marketing, we did. Sometimes we ask ourselves on the things that have been working, and George talked about like the renovation of the Mac & Cheese, the hot dog campaign we're starting now in the United States, the Philadelphia Cheesecake, the Heinz Seriously Good in Europe, and the Heinz Seriously Good Mayonnaise in Brazil and Australia, Planters in China, Planters in Russia. If we should not have grown even more. That's something we ask. But that being said, there was absolutely no efficiencies or something that took over the capacities of the company to generate what, the things I said before, to focus on Big Bets, to focus on go-to market capability, to grow our share of voice behind our brands, and so on. So it's a no. On the second part of your question about why we believe we can accelerate the growth on the Rest of the World, because we still want to penetrate in most parts of those markets, right, we see outside of the business in countries like China, Russia, Brazil, Eastern Europe, Middle East, Indonesia, even developed countries like Japan, and so it's still – we can't be much bigger through our core categories that you already operate in whitespace, as I mentioned. So we are confident in our capacity through the global brands and the local juries (50:58) we have to generate profitable growth.
