Tony Vernon: Thanks, Chris, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Hopefully you’ve had a chance to review our financials and the press release we issued about an hour ago. As expected our quarter two results were driven by the shift in Easter-related shipments to the second quarter this year as well as the implementation of some significant pricing actions across a good portion of our portfolio. Kraft the second quarter brought a rare confluence of activity. We appropriately addressed rising commodity costs with price increases on 50% of our portfolio, the right move for the long-term. But in the short-term we took those actions in the face of an intensely promotional holiday quarter with the late Easter, Memorial Day and July 4th add periods. When you combine that with our retail customers need to market and price aggressively, the strapped families across America. You have the recipe for an increase in trade spending versus the second quarter of last year and that indeed is what happened. We also saw mixed execution in certain parts of the business, which held back our potential year-to-date. We will talk more about that in a moment. That being said, we’re on track for another solid year of growth and earnings and cash flow consistent with what we initially laid out to you in early February. As you’ve heard, from almost every one of our peers, the ability to drive profitable growth in the food and beverage industry is challenged by a number of headwinds. For Kraft we remain focused on executing against our playbook. And today we will provide more details on what’s working, what needs improving and what we’re doing about it. We will start with our financials. And I’ll turn it over to Teri, to talk you through the results we just reported and where we stand versus our goals for the year.
Tony Vernon: Well I’ll let Teri help me, but we’ve done a good job on overheads as you know. I think we’ve cut 500 basis points over the last three years. You know that we set out with our scale and size to be the leanest most nimble company around the nature players and we’re doing a good job against this. If there is more to get we’re going to get it. And so my comment in the script was saying that we’re always looking at this and benchmarking it, and we think there are opportunities to get leaner and we’re going to go get them over time.
Tony Vernon: Yes, you read me right, Rob. Our objective is to continue building out share of voice to competitive levels. We were relatively flat in Q2, but we were up in the first half consistent with our algorithm. I’m not going to give you a number going forward, but we do want to make sure that the advertising we put out there is returning profitably. And so, with an eye to efficiency we’re going to continue to invest in these brands.
Tony Vernon: Okay. I’ll take part one and Teri is going to take part two. I think it was an unusual quarter for all of us in the industry. And I think you have to be careful when looking at it relative to the fact that in the same quarter we took price on 50% of our brands as we dealt with retailers who had three holidays in the quarter. And so, while I feel that we probably let too much coupon and price happen in a few categories. I think overall we were quite disciplined. I think the few that we probably feel into the trap a bit was especially dinners. Dinners as you know is probably the most important segment in the center of the store. We have an incumbent competitor who is pricing very aggressively and you have a retailer who needs to build traffic in dinners because it is so critical to the overall performance of the store. And with all of the action and the price we took, we dealt back some of that price during the quarter. So you saw a big impact on meals. We also so it honestly in Capri Sun which I think you know is one of the very important seasonal items in the Kraft line and we held out price at a level that we felt would grant us the merchandising. Two lessons learned. As we go forward we’re going to look hard at the returns we get for these things. But I don’t think we’re going to have this, what I call the rare confluents of events for quite a few years and we’ll get more disciplined to ensure that we continue to manage the algorithm you described. I’ll turn it to Teri for the second one, if that’s okay.
Tony Vernon: Yes, I mean we have a pay for performance system in Canada. We have a very similar trade relationship that we have tier and we haven’t seen impact we’re the biggest player in grocery. We haven’t seen the impact of what you’re describing. Clearly it’s a consolidated market and clearly we have to continue to execute our playbook to maintain over leverage with what are very good customers and shop customers.
Tony Vernon: Yes, and I did mention this in the script. The smaller players who are innovating quickly and frankly quite well are getting a receptive audience in our retailers because of the need for innovation. And I do think in the short-term it has an impact. I do think JELL-O is a very important brand and we have to continue on all fronts, improve it. Mostly the pressure is coming from the sweet yogurts and the Kozy health and wellness play clearly in our playbook across all of our brands. We got to make sure that the health and wellness benefit that our R&D group has done such a good job with in many of our cheese categories that we exercise it in our center of store categories. On the JELL-O business we have got to increase the velocities to give the customers what they’ve come to depend on from JELL-O. We’ve got fresh eyes on the business and we’ll get back to you with progress reports as we go.
Tony Vernon: And David to your great question on Keurig. We’re very excited about the $200 million plus that we got and we don’t see that momentum stopping in this new environment that everyone is anticipating. We like being in control of our destiny. It’s all about the profitable growth in that category and we think in any scenario we’ll continue to do about quite well and build share.
Tony Vernon: Yes, the only color is, this isn’t within standard timeframes we have seen. And we feel quite good about how cheese has hung in there given the situation. It’s nothing out of the ordinary. So, I feel great about our cheese business overall.
Tony Vernon: I think it’s an important developing renovation for our business and the industry. And it started for us with Oscar Mayer selects that I’ve talked about many times in previous calls where we removed the chemical preservative and replaced it with a natural. It did very well in that business and have really expanded it across the line. Yes, we feel great about the recent moves we made including removing preservatives from Kraft Singles, and yes we do believe its going to have a material impact on our business and our health and wellness profile. We owe it to the consumer to offer these options.
Tony Vernon: Yes, good question Jonathan. Part one, its all about profitable growth in the equation. And remember decisions about pricing promotion have a lot to do in our world and big brand world with productivity in plants, and how much you can push through an efficient plant system and with Lean Six Sigma we become much more efficient. So, we weigh it all in the equation. I did quote the industry data on the impact of promotions and its declining. So, I think we’re all getting much sharper in this. As to the second part of the business, we do measure Kraft Macaroni and Cheese against the broader category definition and we do think about the competitive environment as we take our promotional decisions.
Tony Vernon: Yes, we are comfortable I would say; we got to sharper. And meals is so important in that center of the store and I’m talking broader meals. I think if you’ve talked to any retailer they’d say they’re depending on us and some of the other big players to bring the consumer back to the store with that meals business.
Tony Vernon: And regarding M&A Eric, obviously the environment is heated up. Our approach is the same as we said. We consider everything. We’re never going to say never, and we talk about nothing.
Tony Vernon: Yes, so just a clarification on couponing. Our SSI redemption in the big brands is multiple folds higher than your number. But the most important dynamic in couponing today is the stacking that’s going on enabled by the internet. And really all of us are working through what is an incredible change and how the consumers able to process the coupon and stack them up even with a retailer loyalty program and FSI maybe one they had from another offer, buy this many Kraft’s and get this off. You can stack them all together now and if we’re not careful the consumer is getting a discount that’s more than they need and that was really happening. Keep in mind on the price, your price calculation (indiscernible) the comment about the price realization was scattered throughout the quarter. Oscar’s price didn’t take until late May. So you're not seeing nearly as big a number as you quote, but I think the coupon dynamic is worth all of us looking at and its something we got to get very disciplined about.
Tony Vernon: Yes, I think you have to look at the consumer. The strapped consumer is driving retailers actions. And the consumer is shopping channels for best price and it is very important to the retailer that they maintain their share of those families frankly. That’s what’s driving it. I think all of us have to realize that its not the long-term way to run a business. A long-term way is to innovate and offer a real value to a consumer and that’s where we got to go.
Tony Vernon: Yes, its -- they have -- its not out of the bounds of the typical timing we see. And keep in mind our price increase didn’t hit until late May. Obviously, I can’t comment on where they will go with price, but there is -- this category has been -- is starting up all over the years. I don’t necessarily believe if you’re getting a vertical integration that it stay -- it’s a synergy that’s going to drive disadvantage to Oscar. We’ve competed effectively with other vertically integrated players over the time. Smithfield is long been vertically integrated and they hasn’t hurt the Oscar Mayer business to any disadvantage. ConAgra used to be vertically integrated with Armour and Swift, clean results. I think just like any other business, maybe especially in meats, because the protein is a trend positive win, innovation, renovation and great marketing really matter. And so to us Oscar Mayer is a jewel and we like our chances.
Teri List-Stoll: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by briefly building on Tony’s comments regarding our second quarter results. Organic net revenue was up 1.5, reflected the expected benefit of the Easter shift, but also combined softness as we implemented significant pricing in response to input cost increases. On the profit side, when we take out the market based impacts from post-retirement plans in last year’s numbers as well as the change in spending on cost savings initiatives and the unrealized gains and losses from hedging in both years, that’s the way most of you look at it. Three things, gross profit dollars were down as the significant run up in input costs outpace the pricing and productivity benefits we realized today. Operating income dollars were up mid single-digits as we continue to deliver progress in overhead. And our earnings were relatively flat versus the prior year largely due to an unfavorable tax impact. As we said on our first quarter call, our first half results will be a much better indictor of where we stand against our expectations and our industry then looking at either quarter one or quarter two in isolation. So in the interest of time and relevance, we’re going to focus our upfront comments today on our first half results.
Teri List-Stoll: Okay, well we’ll start Bryan and if we miss some things you’ll come back and tell us whether we missed it or not. And maybe the place to start is to reiterate what we said which is that. We are committed to our plan and we feel good about the prospects we have remaining. If you look at our first half delivery, it is consistent with the seasonality we typically see which is about half of our revenues and a little more than half of our profits in the first half of the year. So, when you look at that we are on pace to what we promised in February and that’s the plan that we’re committed to. We did say upfront that we would have a slow start to the year. On the top line we came into the year with a bit of an inventory build with the customers that we had to work through and we saw that in the first half. And on the bottom line basis, we’re climbing up pretty steep commodity cost curve and so we have those cost impacts and the pricing benefits tend to lag some of that and you also get some of the volume dislocation we talked about in the quarter. So, I think in most respects what we’re seeing is largely what we expected could play out at the beginning of the year when we talked to you. And you talked about okay, well what happens in the second half. We did talk about the fact that we do have with the cost savings initiatives, we have lower spending this year than last year. So that’s a bit of a reconciling item that we put to the side and we focus on the underlying excluding that. And so, our views on the year really haven’t changed. We’re committed to the long-term growth algorithm. We have a plan. We’re executing the plan. We need to execute it better and that’s really what we’re committed to.
Teri List-Stoll: When we rolled out the evolution of our playbook into playbook 2.0 at CAGNY, we broadened our focus from just productivity to total cost management for the very reason that we do want to drive a culture of productivity all throughout the company. So that focus on simplification and efficiency in cost savings stands all elements of our cost structure and that’s really what we want to convey as well.
Teri List-Stoll: And just to complete this, that SG&A line is also benefited from a reduction in overhead spending. So we do have that benefit flowing through as well.
Teri List-Stoll: So, if you take out the differential in the cost savings initiatives the restructuring spending, the remaining change in that is more attributable to overhead.
Teri List-Stoll: So, on the productivity side Andrew, as we talked about in the base part of the cost, a lot of -- substantially all of the differentials we’re seeing between out long-term goal and productivity and what we’ve seen so far in the first half the year has been these more executional issues where we’ve had start up issues with some of renovations. We have had the recall impact. And that does have a pretty significant impact on our net productivity. So it has nothing to do with what we see as the population of opportunities in terms of drill sites and the ability to deliver productivity in the long-term. We continue to feel as Bob Gorski described that that is a very, very long ball game ahead of us to go after. But in the quarter and in the half we haven’t delivered that largely because of poor execution which is as I said imminently fixable. We just need to buckle down and deliver with excellence.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, that’s still our best guess at this point. We new that it was going to be more back half loaded and so, we’re pretty much on where we expect it to be, and that is I think a reasonable estimate at this stage.
Teri List-Stoll: I’ll handle the productivity question and let Tony take the other one. On the productivity we’re not going to disclose the specific number, we don’t get down to that level of detail. But I can tell you we did have productivity benefit in the quarter in the first half, but running below the 2.5%. As we look forward to the year, that’s really what we’re focused on delivering against the 2.5%. Its got some challenges and getting to that number given the start to the year, but with the plans we have in place the idea is we have identified that’s clearly exactly what the team is fully focused on delivering.
Teri List-Stoll: No. That we shifted to a free cash flow productivity measure as a better way for us to drive the organizational behavior.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, and maybe I’ll -- at the risk of getting two accountants like here, I’ll tackle that question and tell you why it’s important. That in-store activity that Tony described is largely part of our advertising marketing spend which was a below the line item. As we have shifted some of that money intended for those kinds of activities to promotional activities, pricing related couponing activities those actually show up as a deduction from gross revenue to come to our net revenue. So, you get kind of a double whammy of its turning out that spending isn’t as efficient as we would like it to be and its showing up as a deduction from gross revenue to get to net, because if we step back on the quarter our gross revenue really was about in line with where we expected. But when you take all that shift to couponing activity from what was thought to be in the marketing line, you get an additional hit on revenue.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, there’s two pieces to that. One is this couponing shift of dollars. The other is as Tony mentioned the Easter shift brings a lot of promotional programming into the quarter. So the combination of those will give you a larger gap. And then the last piece is on pricing even though we have taken a lot of pricing in the quarter, the actual Cold Cuts pricing didn’t take effect until May 25th. So, quite late into the quarter from that revenue standpoint.
Teri List-Stoll: Two things. One it definitely is below the goal for the year, but it isn’t unexpected or inconsistent with our seasonal pattern. So, typically the second quarter in particular is where we have the biggest working capital demand. And so, the second half cash flow generation historically is much better and that’s exactly what we had predicted and expect for 2014.
Teri List-Stoll: So, just as a point of clarification. We actually did buy back stock. So, so far in the first half we bought $235 million in shares. You don’t see it if you just look at the shares outstanding because we’ve had -- with the stock price increase we’ve had a higher degree of option exercises, so that kind of mitigates the fact a little bit. But we do have $235 million of share repurchases so far this year. That program didn’t start until I guess late February is when we really got it put in place. So, you’ll see continued activity over the remainder of the year there.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes, we will probably use those words called lack of control, but its certainly where we saw some of the activity escalation and we’ve -- as Tony said, as you get that stacking, you do get lower efficiency and so that’s exactly what we need to tackle. We have the visibility to it. It was the magnitude of it, I guess, is what took us by surprise and we need to go after it.
