Meg Nollen: Thank you and good morning everyone. I'd like to welcome everyone to our conference call and webcast. Copies of the slides used in today's presentation are available on our website at heinz.com. Joining me on today's call are Bill Johnson, chairman, president and CEO; Art Winkleblack, executive vice president and CFO; and Ed McMenamin, senior vice president, finance. Before we begin with our prepared remarks, please refer to the forward-looking statement currently displayed, which is also available in this morning's earnings release and in our most recent SEC filings. To summarize, during our presentation, we may make forward-looking statements about our business that are intended to assist you in understanding the company and its results. We ask you to refer to our April 28, 2010 Form 10-K and today's press release which lists some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these statements. Heinz undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of a new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by securities laws. We may also use non-GAAP financial measures in our presentation, as the company believes such measures allow for consistent period-to-period comparison of the business. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures are available on the company's earnings release and on our website at heinz.com. Please note we plan to file our first quarter 10-Q early next week. Our related financial highlights pages, or stat pages, however, are available now in the Investor Relations section of the website, towards the bottom of the page. These pages will be updated with cash flow and balance sheet information after the release of our 10-Q next week. Importantly, these stats pages provide a quarterly historical restatement for discontinued operation. Now on to today's call. Bill will review Heinz's strong performance, outlook, and growth drivers. Art will review the business unit, and Ed will touch on our financial scorecard. Of course, we'll be available then to take your questions. We'd like to request that you limit your questions during the Q&A session to one in order to ensure adequate time for all who wish to participate. Now with the formalities out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Bill. 
Meg Nollen: We're running out of time here. We've got a lot of you in queue, so if we could take some quick questions to wrap up.
Meg Nollen: Great. Just a quick wrap up here. We want to wish everyone a very happy holiday Thanksgiving week and safe travels. Let's talk quickly about the upcoming calendar. On Wednesday, December 1, we'll be attending Citi's annual food manufacturing conference, the second annual conference, in New York Wednesday December 1. Joining me will be Mike Milone, EVP rest of world and global infant nutrition and quality as well as Dave Woodward, president of our Heinz U.K. and Ireland business. Excited to see you guys there.  On Tuesday, we'll be down at Credit Suisse consumer retail conference in Orlando, and then of course in March there's two upcoming conferences, which of course is Cagney February 24, but also the Consumer Analyst Group of Europe. We'll be making our pilgrimage across the pond on March 28, and we'll also be there the 29th. So look forward to seeing you guys. We'll be around in Investor Relations all day. Give Mary Ann or I a call - 412-456-6020. Thanks so much.
Art Winkleblack: Thanks Ed. As Bill said at the outset, we are reaffirming our constant currency P&L targets while increasing our cash flow outlook by 15%. Our year-to-date results and the plans for the balance of the year give us confidence that we will deliver another strong year for the company and its shareholders.  Finally, let's talk about the shape of the next two quarters relative to last year, and items impacting comparability. Last year the high water mark in terms of EPS occurred in Q3, with Q4 profits being quite a bit lower due to commercial and productivity investments.  This year we expect our EPS to be much more even in Q3 and Q4, and this largely reflects a more even distribution of investment spending this year, largely focused on Project Keystone; the modestly dilutive effects of the Food Star acquisition, as we plan to aggressively invest in this business in order to further leverage its current momentum; the overlap of the currency devaluation in Venezuela, which occurred very late in Q3 last year; a higher effective tax rate in the back half; and an increased number of shares outstanding this year. So again, we expect EPS to be relatively evenly phased between the two remaining quarters. In summary, we believe that the business is performing well in challenging times, and we are confident in our full year outlook. And we have a great runway for continued growth as we continue to invest for the future.  So now, we'll open it up to your questions.
Art Winkleblack: I'm not sure we quantified it exactly, given the extreme volatility of currency. I think as Ed mentioned it will be somewhat better than what we had thought at Analyst Day, but still down to prior year overall. So a few cents I would expect coming there. We've locked a number of our currencies. The remaining open one is the pound, so we're getting some clarity there, but there's still volatility in the pound and also on some of the Asian currencies. So we'll keep you posted as that goes along, but I wouldn't get too far ahead of yourself on currency, just based on what we've locked at, and also the continuing volatility. I mean, three days ago I would have said one thing and today I'd have said something different. So I think currency should be a modest help to us. And in terms of productivity, we're off to a great start productivity wise, and that has really helped drive our gross margin up 100 basis points in the quarter, so that we continue to make progress on, and I'm very pleased with the Keystone progress as well, a successful rollout in the Netherlands, those are never easy processes, but we got in the global template and now we're continuing to work to expand to other geographies.
Art Winkleblack: And having said that, you've seen our share performance in some of the big developed markets. So shares are still quite strong. And so to Bill's point we continue to adjust and adapt and hopefully do the right thing to drive share growth as best we can. 
Art Winkleblack: And the other thing I'd point out is the operating model that we employ. We're very good at empowering the local teams to react very quickly and swiftly and proactively in the local markets. So we probably have a bit of an advantage in that regard, and that's helped drive our performance.
Bill Johnson: I think in the second half of the year, from a U.S. standpoint, remember we're up against very difficult comps because of the growth we put behind the CVP program last year. The second thing you should be aware of is, and we made the statements about where deal spending is in the first and second quarter, but year for the year I would expect deal spending as a percentage of sales to be flat, which means in the second half of the year you're not going to see us aggressively chase volume like I think we may have done last year with the CVP program.  Third, the U.S. consumer is in a funk, and while we're seeing some glimmers of hope and some seem to be emerging from hibernation, the reality is that they are making conscious and significant tradeoffs in their budget and for the first time ever, maybe since the Great Depression, we're seeing 27% of them without discretionary income based on the Nielsen data we looked at last week, which is an incredibly high number.  Having said that, we have a lot of innovation in the second half of the year in the U.S., and my hope in the U.S. is in the second half of the year that we see some volume improvement on Ore Ida, because of recapturing the sweet potatoes that we didn't get in the second quarter. Ketchup will continue to be relatively strong, other than it's up against a huge CVP program in the fourth quarter last year.  Frozen entrees is simply a function of what the category is going to do. We're building share, and we're seeing good response to our breakfast and sliders business, but in the U.S. if we don't see a turnaround in the category I'm not very hopeful about volume in the second half.  So I would think the second half in the U.S. will be not as good as the first half where we were up between 3-4% in volume. I would expect us to be flattish in the U.S. and again, that's going to reflect lower deal spending.  Globally you're going to see a very strong second half in the emerging markets - very strong. You're going to see, I think, reasonably strong performance in some of the European countries. I'm still concerned about Germany. I'm concerned about the Nordics, and I'm concerned about Benelux, but I think short of those you'll see pretty good response. I think the U.K., although it comes up against tough comps. They've got a lot of innovation and the fridge pack beans seems to be off to a very good start.  And then I think in the rest of world segment, short of Venezuela we're seeing very good growth in the Middle East and in Africa. So I think generally the emerging markets will be a very good story in the second half. We'll have pockets of strength in Europe. Food service, as I said, we think will be flat year-on-year in terms of organic sales in the second half, which is the first time in a long time we can say that.  So I think generally what we've said is we're holding to our 3-4% sales, using Art's word, algorithm for the year, and other than that there's just not a whole lot to add.
Bill Johnson: We haven't broken it down. What we've said is 3-4% constant currency sales growth. That was the target we laid out in May and that's still the number we're looking at, so I'd rather not break it out, although you can pretty much get a good read by what we've done in the first half and then the addition of some M&A in the second half.
Bill Johnson: The answer to both those is yes. In Germany it's a function of a price increase we took on Sonnen Bassermann and the negative reaction we've gotten from the trade, and we've been delisted in some accounts in Germany, so we saw a very weak German performance in Q2. I think our plan is to have it back in the accounts, say, early part of next calendar year. In fact the one account that did eliminate the product has seen their comps versus their peer competitors drop precipitously in soup and in stews. So that's fundamentally the issue in Germany.  In the Nordics the issue is a function of frozen. The frozen dynamics in the Nordics where we have a very strong Weight Watchers business are very similar to what they are in the U.S., and so we're sort of a victim of the category there.  And then I think in the Benelux it's predominantly a couple of things. It's one, the customers there are really being difficult with private label and pricing and we are not participating. We have decided that it's just not simply worth the cost, nor the implications for moving in that direction, so we're not as aggressive as the market in general. I think secondly, we've got a lot of innovation in the second half in those businesses and we'll see how that plays out. Having said that, in the Benelux, our ketchup business from a volume standpoint is doing very well, as is ketchup across the continent.  The other thing we're seeing is based on the Nielsen data we've looked at, and we're seeing it in our own businesses, is that in Eastern European markets, market baskets are flattish to down slightly as the consumer retrenches. Fundamentally, what you've got in Europe is a story of southern Europe and northwest Europe, and I'm excluding Ireland from that, obviously.  But in northwest Europe, we're seeing better comps and better performance from a consumer standpoint, other than our one-off issue in Germany. In the southern parts of Europe, excluding Italy for the time being, where our business performed fairly well in the second quarter, the consumer is literally not coming back. You've got high unemployment, particularly among younger people, and I think as a consequence of that we just don't see a lot of good things coming out of Europe other than the U.K., where volume was up a little over 5% in the second quarter and where our team really is doing a spectacular job with innovation, and I think managing the balance between trade spend and marketing, consumer marketing. And I think it's done a very good job at driving share and volume performance as Art articulated in his comments.
Bill Johnson: I want to be clear that I don't know we'll see significant year-over-year growth in the U.K., certainly not in Q3 relative to those comps from last year, but they have a lot of activity. The fridge pack beans has been a big hit, and the advertising we're running, which started last week, is very breakthrough advertising, some of the best advertising I've seen in this company.  They've got a lot of activity on sauces and on soups. Soup category was up in the latest 12 weeks. Our share was up against a growing category. In fact, we're now pushing from a volume and value standpoint, upper 60s, pushing 70%, which are numbers we haven't seen in U.K. soup in a long time.  But I do think the comps in the third quarter will be difficult to match, and then we'll come back and see how the fourth quarter comes out. But the U.K. business overall is very solid, fundamentally sound. They've made great progress from the supply chain standpoint, from a margin standpoint. They've got some good initiatives coming in the second half.  But I want to be clear, I don't know that I want to say - and if I did I want to correct it, because I don't think I said it - that I expect big volume increases year-on-year in the U.K. given the "It Has to be Heinz" program. Having said that, again our business is very healthy in the U.K.
Bill Johnson: On the productivity, I think Bob [inaudible] and the global supply chain team we put in place in the last six months has had a huge impact. Now obviously, we're benefitting from some very good moves in the procurement side. We're also benefitting from tomatoes and potatoes finally moving our way, but we are also benefitting from the time they're spending in the emerging markets and in other markets trying to bring everybody onto the HGPS system. And I think from that standpoint we're seeing good productivity gains across the board, particularly in Europe and in the emerging markets. And I look forward to that continuing as part of what we've laid out for future goals, but I think particularly with the Food Star acquisition and some of the other moves in the emerging markets, we now have 12 factories in China and there are significant opportunities to improve their processes and improve their returns. We have three factories in Indonesia, we've got two in India, and so there are significant plans in place to greatly improve the returns and the productivity we're getting out of those facilities, as well as continuing the growth and improvements we're seeing in the developed western world.
Bill Johnson: I think from a sales standpoint every quarter looks different to us. Sales finally came in towards the end against our expectations, about where we thought they would for the quarter. Now if you go back to the original plan, it always changes because of the investment decisions we make and the moneys we move around. So we evolve as we go through the year.  From a tactical standpoint, on G&A, we have been very hard-nosed. As you know, this is something that I believe in, both philosophically and personally, that we need to be cautious. And we've seen some areas in the United States, for example, we've seen some areas where G&A was up and we made some conscious decisions to reallocate some marketing to the G&A line. And as Ed said in his comments, I don't think we've gotten a return for it, and frankly you'll see that come back in the second half for the year, because we're just not going to spend money against a consumer that is not influenced by that kind of promotion activity.  We are allocating additional marketing money into the emerging markets where we're seeing significant growth. We're putting a significant amount of marketing money behind the Food Star acquisition to build on the incredible momentum we're already seeing over the last six months in their top line. And we're seeing some reallocations across Europe to some of the businesses that are performing better.  We are ruthless in allocating marketing, and taking it away from those businesses that don't do well and putting it against those businesses that do, and as you can see year-to-date we're up about 4% - $5 million to $6 million in marketing - and I would expect you to see some investment marketing in the second half of the year, predominantly in the emerging markets where the allocation processes, I think, are going to become more robust. And you'll see additional funds shifted over time to where we get returns more clearly.  We are also in the process of putting in a plan we call HMPP, which is the Heinz Marketing Productivity Process. We're just now starting that. It's being developed by a couple of the people who report to me - Mike Pretty and his team - and it's a real opportunity for us to be a little more ruthless in terms of allocation of marketing funds based on not only ROI, but based on category performance, country performance, geographic splits, and so forth.  So I think as we go forward, you will see marketing funds shifted from markets where we're not getting growth into markets where we are, and I think that process has started. We've seen an incredible lift, for example, in China on baby food from the investments we've just started to make behind formulas. It's having a huge halo effect. We're seeing similar things across Indonesia in the ABC. We're seeing similar things in Russia.  And so the appetites in those markets are considerable, but the returns are even more considerable and so we're making some tradeoffs between G&A and marketing in the developed world and adding additional marketing where possible in the developing world to continue to drive the growth we've seen.
Bill Johnson: I think it's going to be predominantly condiments and sauces driving in the second half, particularly portion control in response to the Dip & Squeeze launch in January. I think the other thing we're starting to see is, as you see, the QSRs are performing better than the fast casual restaurants. And so I don't expect a huge turnaround in some of our frozen businesses in food service, but I do expect condiments and sauces, as it has for the last couple of quarters, to continue to do well. It's one of the things driving the margin on food service. I want to give kudos to the food service guys on all the productivity initiatives, but they're also getting the benefit of the mix shift into our branded products and I think that's where you'll see the focus in the second half. But I think we have good plans in the second half, and providing the consumer continues to show some continued improvement in access to the food service venues, I feel fairly good that we'll deliver that flat performance. But it is going to be driven by condiments and sauces.
Bill Johnson: Well, yeah, I worry about us, Ed. I don't pay a lot of attention to what other people are doing, and our pricing decisions are predicated on our cost profile, what we expect to happen in the future from a commodity perspective, the elasticities that we understand, and they vary by business, significantly by business, and by customer, and by geography. I think it will also be predicated on the productivity measures we're seeing, and how effective they're going to be.  My own view on pricing is that for the Heinz company, even if we were to see some volume tradeoff, the net-net benefit typically over time is a positive one. But I don't think you should expect to see this company take blanket pricing across the board. I think we'll be very selective in areas where we know the elasticities and where the brand strength and the trail of innovation is enough to continue to support the premiumization of some of these products.  It's interesting, and very few people comment on this, but if you go back and look at our last four fiscal years - fiscal '07, '08, '09, '10, we got net price in each of those years. Fiscal '06 was the last year we didn't get net price, and it was essentially flat. And year-to-date this year we're up net price obviously. And so our view is we'll continue to reflect the dynamics of the market, the dynamics of our brand, what our marketing is showing us, what our innovation packages look like, and what productivity and commodity costs are going to be and we'll be prudent and selective. But I think in some cases we'll probably have no choice but to take price.  But I have to tell you, I don't reflect on anything other than what I think we can do as a company and where we can be successful. And I don't worry about what anyone else is doing. I don't follow the commentary on it because I think it's usually nothing but puffery. But we will take appropriate action where we deem it appropriate.
Bill Johnson: No, I think it's primarily because of the Walmart situation in Q1 on ketchup and some Smart Ones pickup in Q1. So I certainly wouldn't read into it that you should expect a big pop in the third quarter as a function of catching up. I think I'm hoping the exception to that is going to be sweet potato fries, where we did have a significant supply issue in the second quarter. And based on our trends and the strength of the SKUs I think you'll see some pickup there. But I think generally it's a function more of promotion timing and the split between the first and second quarter.
Bill Johnson: No, I would never say that David. [Laughter.] I certainly think as I pointed out that if deal spinning's a bit ahead of last year in the second quarter and year-to-date, and we're going to be flat across the year where I think we're going to be plus or minus 10 basis points, then I think you should assume in the second half we're going to be less aggressive from a G&A standpoint.  You know, pricing decisions, I think people who talk about pricing decisions in the public domain are airheads. I think the reality is you can't make decisions in a vacuum. You have to make decisions based on the strength of your brand. You have to make decisions based on the innovation pipeline you've got. You have to make decisions based on the cost profile of the businesses affected. You have to make decisions based on the strength of the brand and the positions you have in the marketplace. And we will be selective as we look at opportunities. But I am clearly not going to articulate for a broad audience what our pricing strategy has been.  I just gave you a pretty good sense that the last four years we have netted price in each of the last four fiscal years better than 2-2.5% on an annualized basis. Some of that's driven by emerging markets in response to inflation. Some of it's driven by developed markets in response to opportunities. Clearly, for example, Dip & Squeeze is a more-expensive product than pouch, and as we've launched Dip & Squeeze we'll obviously get some mix pick-up in terms of the price value of that on a single tradeoff between pouch.  So those are the things we continue to look at, and I'm not trying to denigrate or besmirch anybody else. I've been in this job a long time and I've seen these discussions come and go over time, and I am a believer that you do what's right for your shareholders and for your employees, and for your brands on an individual basis. And that's the way we evaluate it.  But I want to be clear. I'm not saying we're going to take price. I'm not saying we're not going to take price. I'm saying to you that we evaluate the opportunities going forward to create value for our brands and our shareholders, and we look at those on an individual basis and sometimes we see opportunities, and other times we don't. But we're incredibly careful about it given the elasticities and given the markets we operate in.
Bill Johnson: I come from the Bobby Knight school of coaching. [Laughter.] And Bobby Knight always had a philosophy if my team plays this game I don't care what the other guys do. And so from my perspective, and I'm not trying to be flip or a smart guy, I just worry about what I think we can do in the businesses where I think pricing would be available to us, and where I think we have a sufficient trail of innovations to support and warrant that among the consumers. The consumer is very fickle today. I see it in my own household. Consumers are being very selective and very prudent. And we're certainly going to reflect the consumer's behavior. I don't care what competitors do. I care what consumers do, because I want to know how consumers are going to react to what I do, and we're blessed in this company with great brands. We're very concentrated with 15 brands doing better than 70% of our business. So we can make very selective decisions against pricing as we see them relate to the Heinz company and as we look for opportunities ourselves to continue to optimize value for the multiple constituents we operate and sell to.
Bill Johnson: That's quite all right Jonathan. I'll be happy to besmirch your puffery if you'd like me to. I can understand how people on the outside perceive things, but again we have a very long track record in this company of doing the things that are right for our businesses, and we evaluate that, and so rather than make this broad-based statement, which I think is dangerous, and frankly I don't think is necessarily relevant, we try to be very selective. But more importantly, I don't think it's appropriate to talk about pricing strategy in a global environment.
Bill Johnson: The consumer reacts to innovation. Take Dip & Squeeze versus a pouch of ketchup. We know how the consumer is going to react to Dip & Squeeze, and yet the customer is going to pay more for Dip & Squeeze than they pay for pouch ketchup, because it's a premier, superior product, that gives them three times as much product as a pouch, has got enormous innovation and enormous appeal to consumers. So we know that. We know, for example, consumers have been prepared to pay for Simply Heinz, because they want to make the tradeoff between fructose and sugar.  So there's a select group of consumers that will make that tradeoff. We know, for example, that consumers in China on baby food will pay more for products that they perceive as premium products that offer benefits from a nutritional aspect to their children that other products don't make.  We know, for example, U.K. consumers are going to pay more for fridge pack beans because fridge pack beans solves a major problem, much as steam and mash did in the United States, and that major problem is, and you'll see it in the advertising, you open a typical refrigerator in the U.K. and you will see beans piled in jars, plates, paper plates, paper cups, glasses, tin cans, half a cans, plastic jars, whatever it may be. And now they have a resealable package that allows them to put it in the refrigerator, use it whenever they want. It stays fresh for five or six days, and so we know they'll pay for that.  I think you have to keep in mind that it varies significantly by product, and it varies significantly by the opportunities on each of those products. But consumers have made tradeoffs, and consumers will make a tradeoff to a product that adds value. I think marketers' job is to create added value. We always talk about value, but I think we have to change the definition of value from a consumer aspect. We have to ensure that we're enhancing the levels of innovation we take to consumers, so that the consumer becomes indifferent to whether or not he or she is paying a higher price because he's getting added value.  So my view of a marketer's job is it's to create new value, and price is an aspect of that value as is package quality, product quality, sustainability, all sorts of things. And you'll see a lot of innovation in this company in the second half of the year that I think reflects that. And I'm not trying to be obstreperous and I'm certainly not trying to be contumacious [laughter], but I just think it's important that you understand that I have very specific philosophies about pricing.  And as all of you know I'm not shy with my opinions. It sometimes gets me in trouble [laughter] but sometimes I just give you my view. You ask me a question I give you my view, and if I hurt anybody's feelings I apologize. I'm a coach's son. I never remember my dad walking into a team meeting and saying "Now, fellas, if you would please do this I would be very appreciative." I remember him walking into the meeting and saying "Get your tail off the chair and get on the field." So you have to excuse me if I've offended anybody.
Bill Johnson: It's a very good question, Terry. Let me put it to you this way. One third of our employees are now in China. One third. We have 12 manufacturing facilities. We have a baby food business that's growing very rapidly. The Food Star business gives us entrée into the heart and soul of this company, which is condiments and sauces. It is doing very well. It gives us a base with the [inaudible] product which is 25% of the total soy sauce market in China, which is about a $2 billion market and growing at about 7-8%. But [inaudible] is growing at twice that rate, 16-17%. Food Star has a 50% market share of that and Fujian and Guangdong provinces. Art and I are heading there in the next couple of weeks. We're building a new factory in Shanghai, which will allow us to hit out of the south and go into the more northern markets where the business really hasn't expanded yet. I mean, I'm very enthused about China.  Having said that, China is one of a number of markets for us that's very important in the future. India, our Indian business, is growing rapidly. Our Indonesian business is extremely well-positioned. We're looking at opportunities in other markets. And I can tell you this, given the opening, beyond China we are seeing more M&A opportunities in the emerging markets than I've seen in the last 13 years. And we are busy.  And I think in the context of that we will go where opportunities take us and where we believe we can make a difference. We think Food Star is one of those opportunities. We're very enthused about it. We've put a young man in charge of the business that actually comes out of our Russian team, who was very instrumental in building that Russian ketchup and sauces business. He has gone in there. We've put a good management team in place already.  So China for us in the next couple or three or four years ought to be two times what it was, say, last year, if not more. And I think China continues to be the growth engine, along with India and I don't think we can forget India, over the foreseeable future because there's two and a half billion people in those countries. Eventually there's going to be a massive emergence of the middle class, and while they'll always have periods of dislocation and difficulty, the reality is, as I said in my comments and I've said all along, the CPG industry in the future will be very dependent on China, India, parts of Latin America, and probably parts of Eastern Europe, because they're simply not going to see the growth in the mature markets in the West that we've seen.  We are well-positioned. We've got three good teams now in charge of our business in China. We've got 12 manufacturing facilities. Our supply chain people are spending an enormous amount of time. We just moved a young guy out of our U.S. business in supply chain to run some of the factories over there. We're putting expertise in place. We're looking at systems and processes, possibly before we get to Keystone over there, to integrate the business and allow us to capture the opportunity from a benchmarking standpoint. I'm very enthused about china, but you should not misinterpret that as China is just the road paved with gold. There are going to be difficulties in China, and we'll navigate them as we have in the past. But it is clearly a place a CPG company that is going to be successful has to work.
Bill Johnson: I don't want to comment on price controls other than to say that historically they've never proven very effective and we'll see. But I think most of the things they're talking about from a price control standpoint are raw materials and raw commodity products that work through the stores. They've got some issues in other areas. I am not aware of anything today, Terry, but I want to say that I'm not aware of anything today. And again, I'll be there the Monday after Thanksgiving. Art and I are heading over there and a number of Asian countries and meeting with our teams.
Bill Johnson: As I answered earlier, we've never said 3-4% would be organic. We said 3-4% would be constant currency, and Food Star will contribute to it for the second half of the year. I don't know off the top of my head. I can't give you a precise number. But it's certainly maybe 30 basis points, somewhere in there. Maybe a little more, but a lot of depends on how much we grow Food Star also.
Bill Johnson: We're not getting returns. It's really that simple. We're just not seeing the kinds of lifts you would historically associate with the kinds of deal spending that we've implemented in parts of our U.S. business and parts of our western European business.  Secondly, I think, as we evaluate where to best put our marketing to get the maximum returns it's not necessarily in some of those businesses from a deal standpoint. It's in some of the emerging market consumer businesses. And in the case of the emerging markets some of [inaudible] trade where we still have distribution voids and we think can get more response for our dollars.  And then third, it's a function of at this point in time and that point in time could change six, nine months from now. But at this point in time we're just not getting the kind of response that I would have liked to have seen from the consumer in our businesses where we deal aggressively or where we merchandise aggressively, and I think we had pretty good experience with this on ketchup from the first quarter of this year. And while we got some lifts by bringing other people in, we also loaded a few pantries. I’m just not sure it's the way you create value for the consumer. The consumers have become far more sophisticated in looking for value, and again that's why we're focused. As I've said on Smart Ones all along, we continue to be focused on innovation. And premiumization is really related to innovation, and we if we do our job there we'll be okay.  But you never say never and things change at halftime and things change at the end of the third quarter, and sometimes you do things that you didn't think you would do and other times you adjust. But we tend to be a company that's pretty adept at adjusting on the fly. So what we're doing is adjusting here on the fly because we're simply not getting the kind of response.
Bill Johnson: The answer to that is yes. And it, again, we're going to get a good test of this real quickly in the U.K. on fridge pack where the advertising is really fun advertising. It's 15 seconds, and when you see it, there's no verbiage in it. None. But it is incredibly breakthrough. We're seeing it on Ore Ida, where we advertise Ore Ida. We're seeing it on TGIF, and obviously in the emerging markets. So we're seeing a good response where we have something to say. Where we don't have anything to say we're not seeing much of a response at all. It's working very well in ketchup across Europe where we're using multiple kinds of advertising. Secret ingredient's running in the U.K. now and it's doing very well. We're getting good ketchup lifts. We're seeing grown not made still being used in Russia and other parts of Europe where we're getting good lift. So it just depends on the business, but generally we've been very selective with it and generally when we're running advertising we're seeing decent lifts, yeah.
Bill Johnson: No, there is no time table for launching it in Russia, and yes, we are using the experience, along with conditions of the marketplace and what we would bring to that marketplace vis-à-vis China, where we have an incredibly strong brand in infant nutrition. And as I said, I'm speaking to a large symposium of pediatricians and health officials in China two weeks from today where we'll talk about this and we'll also talk about the Heinz micronutrient program. Again, it's going to depend on a lot of other things besides whether or not we think it would work there. And there are other markets we're also looking at.
Bill Johnson: Well let's talk about that. Let's talk about Russia for a minute. Let's talk about a business we bought about three or four years ago called Petrosoyuz. It had about 57 different kinds of brands, making up a number. And we put the Heinz brand on most of it. We are now number one in condiments and sauces. Our bean business is growing rapidly. We just became number one in baby cereals over there. What we have in Russia is a spectacular brand Russian consumers have said they want.  In the other markets we have built terrific infrastructure. None of them are as well structured as we are in Indonesia. There's 240 million people in Indonesia, depending on which census you look at and which numbers you believe, but nonetheless our business in Indonesia we have an incredible brand in ABC. That is our brand in Indonesia. It's a business that was well under $100 million when we bought it and is now pushing well over $300 million and is well structured. We have one of the best distribution reaches of anybody in Indonesia.  In India, we have a business that was $25 million or $30 million when we bought it that this year will be well north of $200 million with a brand that's growing in the upper 20s and another brand in Glucon-D that's growing almost as fast. We've got great brands, and we've got great teams, and we've got great people, and we've got great infrastructure. The other benefit to us - yes they're big, they've got a lot of scale. It's also 30-35% of their business. For us it's still only 15-17% of our business, and so as we reposition over time the impact to us given our size now and given how relatively insignificant it has been in and how significant it has become, we have huge upside in terms of what we can do.  A Food Star acquisition to us makes a big difference as we go into China, leverage our capabilities, leverage our distribution strength, leverage our reach, and then leverage our core competencies of condiments and sauces, and then take those strengths and competencies to the Food Star business. Where we double the Food Star business it has a huge impact on us overall as a company. If somebody else doubled the Food Star business it would be a pinprick in terms of the impact of their business.  So yeah, I hear this stuff on scale, but I also look at our emerging market business which over the last two or three years has generated consistent double-digit organic growth and where we continue to attract really talented people, and where we continue to build great infrastructure, great distribution, great reach, and great share results. We compete with these guys in condiments and sauces in Russia. I think we've done pretty well. We compete with these guys in baby food in China. We have the leading cereal business. I think we've done pretty well. We compete with these people in Glucon and Complan in India. I think we've done pretty well.  So I think in the context you have to keep everything in perspective and where we have chosen to operate we are operating pretty well, particularly relative to our American based peers. There's no doubt that Nestle, who I consider to be one of the great companies in the world. I think the world of its management team and I think the world of the people at Nestle. There's no doubt that they have a great deal of expertise in those markets, but so do we. And I think it's a bit besmirching, to use a word that was used earlier, of peers to denigrate the size we have in these markets because we are being very damn successful and you can't deny the results.
Bill Johnson: And I think over time, it will either prove itself or it won't, and I feel pretty good about where we're headed.
Bill Johnson: It will have virtually no impact on us because our tomato products business in China is very small and soy sauce is not a tomato-based product. So I think from that standpoint in China it has little impact. In Europe, it will have a minor impact because we have alternate sources for tomatoes anyway. We also have a joint venture in China with one of the leading agricultural companies and we're fully aware of this but I think from our standpoint it's virtually insignificant.
