Bill Johnson: Just a few comments. I think, in general takeaways, solid fiscal ’11, increasing the dividend, great strength in emerging markets, enormous talent including some people you haven’t seen today that many of you were exposed to last year and very optimistic about the future, both in our developed markets and our emerging markets. I mean, we feel this company is hitting on every cylinder. In restructuring or the initiatives that we're calling productivity initiatives. You noticed, by the way, there is no name. There will be no name. These are just individual productivity initiatives, will set us up for what we see as a really good run over the next 3 to 5 years. So, I think, you've been exposed to a very capable team, probably in my view, certainly the best in the industry. And certainly, the deepest and most experienced and more importantly, the most stable. We've had very few changes in our senior team over the last 5 or 6 years. So I think with that, we'll open it up to Q&A. We've kept you right on time. As you can imagine, Meg is a big reason for that. I think she broke 7 sticks this week, beating us all over the head. And you all see the nice side of Meg. You don’t see the other side of Meg.
Bill Johnson: Yes, one more comment on capital, I don’t want to leave anybody with a misimpression we're only investing in emerging markets. You've got huge investment, one of the largest capital investments we have ever made in the aseptic launch in Italy and the U.K. It’s huge investment. In fact, I’m going over there in 2 weeks to look at the investment in Latina. We've got the opening of the factory in South Carolina in Florence to support frozen, which is the most expensive factory the company has ever built, opens in a couple of weeks. We've just filled the employment and the factory is shaping up pretty well. The keystone investments being made predominantly in developed markets are significant investments of capital and then, obviously, Dip & Squeeze, where as Scott mentioned, we are out of capacity. We're at 2 machines now, soon to add a third machine because if we don’t we will not literally be able to keep up with demand. So we spread our bets as carefully as we can against opportunities that will give us the greatest return, and I think the team has done a pretty good job. Now put yourself in my position with all these guys in my office asking for marketing and capital, it makes for some pretty interesting discussions. We've got some dents in the wall from where my shoes missed them and hit the wall. We've got a few other areas of opportunities that all these guys would like to invest in, but I think generally we do a pretty good job of diversifying our investments across the portfolio.
Bill Johnson: Yes, I think, the 2 other things to keep in mind, one is factored into our outlook. And we don’t look for a turnaround in Australia, and it's factored into our outlook. I think, the second thing to note is we put the individual in charge successfully in charge of New Zealand in charge of Australia. He is used to dealing with a consolidated customer market of 2 customers, including Woolies, which is one of those customers, but there is no doubt that in terms of retail environment, the Australian market is the worst market, and ultimately the people that will pay the price over there are the consumers because products will ultimately be devalued to address the price points that customers are asking us to address. So the consumer is going to ultimately be the big loser in Australia. But we have factored in mediocre results from our Australian portfolio. And you got to remember, we're talking about 7% of our sales. And basically, over time, probably 6% or 5% of our sales. So we’re not talking about a big piece. The portfolio is very profitable in terms of the bottom line. It's just not an opportunity anymore because of the fight that's broken out between Coles and Woolworths. And it's really a shame because, again, I think ultimately, the people who will pay the price is the Australian consumer, who will be served in a poor way, I think, with poor product selection long term.
Bill Johnson: Well, I think, the other thing you are getting is a huge pick-up in sales mix. You've seen the growth in ketchup across Europe, one of our most profitable businesses. The Italian Baby Food business has done well over the last couple of years, driven by innovation. So we're getting a real mix shift in Europe that I think will benefit us long term. And I think -- I want to echo one of Dave’s points. I will stack our European management team up against anybody’s. They are all locals. They understand the consumer. They understand the customer. And Dave Woodward, in particular, in the U.K. and Roel van Neerbos and his team and Stefano Clini, who runs Italy, who’s actually sitting in the back of the room, absorbing all of this. For what purpose, I’m not sure. But he asked if he could come, and he was in the country, and I said sure. But I think generally, we just have a terrific team, who's done a very good job of managing in a difficult situation. And one last thing, no one has a greater passion for efficient deal spending than Dave. He proved it in the United States, he’s proving it there. With commitment and focus, you can manage this process. It does take great brands. And where we don’t have strong brands in Europe, we've lost some distribution. So it is a function of having great brands, but with passionate leadership, who are committed to making this happen. And I think the European team has done a damn good job of rising from the ashes and driving pretty darn good performance.
Bill Johnson: Yes, I want to clarify that. We are not taking the product off the shelf. We are exiting the license. The retailer is taking the product off the shelf. We are not going in, withdrawing the product from the market. That is the retail decision as we exit the license, somebody else has assumed the license, and we wish them good luck with it. But we are not, we are not forcibly removing the product from the shelf.
Bill Johnson: Let me talk about the transition of the company or the evolution of the company to more of an integrated model. If you caught the 2 comments I made in my opening statement, it was basically about globalization and scale. We are now a global company with a global supply chain. We have global procurement. We are moving talented people, the appointment of Dan Milich in Eastern Europe and Hein Schumacher in China into position, leveraging experiences to do 2 things: one, help the company continue to assimilate and grow in these markets; and 2, to help the individuals continue to grow and develop as they become opportunities for long-term management in the organization. I would say, generally, I was in China, Vietnam and Indonesia recently. I was in Turkey a couple of weeks ago. I'm heading for Europe in a couple of weeks. The way I measure it, I go visit them, and I talk to them and I talk to the people. And I did a town hall meeting with the Foodstar and Baby Food employees in China. I'm doing a town hall meeting in Italy in 2 weeks, 3 weeks. So, I go and I talk to the people. The other thing that my CEO Academy has done much to the chagrin of everybody sitting up here, I bring 3 or 4 times a year 9 mid-level, incredibly promising people to an offsite location, me and them. And I have an HR person there, whose job is fundamentally to facilitate and make sure we stay on time. And we did 2.5 days. What that has done is opened a live pipeline of communication between me and the mid-levels of this Company that is truly extraordinary. And as I said, tends to drive these guys nuts because I will get a heads up on an issue, and I'll go to Art and say, "we've got a problem here." And Art will say, "I have no idea what you are talking about." A day later, Art will come back and say, "You know, we've got an issue here." And so I hear from these people, and what I'm hearing is this is great. They are really welcoming it because in the emerging markets people, like CK Lee or Eman Mammadov [ph] are looking for huge growth opportunities and potential in the company. They know they need the development and training. They want to access the rest of the organization in terms of capabilities and skills and leverage scale, and this greatly facilitates that. So we take Hein out of Europe after he'd been in the United States in a job Kristen Clark now has in strategy, move him to China, he understands what we are trying to do. We take Dan Milich, who had been in London, came back to the States and ran strategy just preceding Kristen and now goes into the Eastern European markets with a great understanding of the Russian environment because he was instrumental in buying the business, and we did the same thing with Fernando Pocaterra, who picks up Brazil, because he was instrumental in getting the deal done. And then we move these people around. And it has created great leverage and opportunity for us, and it has given us a talented mid-level below these guys that I just stack up against anybody. We have 35 to 45-year-old talent in this company, particularly in the emerging markets that is extremely capable. And they're itching for bigger and better opportunities. And we need to develop and train them, which was the comment about the functional expertise program that I've talked about in my opening comments. So it's gone very well. Now, proof is in the pudding, see how we do in terms of our outlook and in terms of delivering on that. I think we have an opportunity to do even better because of the capabilities we're imbuing these markets with, but we'll make better calls. It'll give these guys a chance to focus more strategically on the next generation of where the company goes, while this generation of management really gets in to the day-to-day.
Bill Johnson: Well, let me take the second one first. We tend to lead things. We tend to get beaten up a bit for leading them, and then eventually everybody else follows. And if you go back to emerging markets, emerging markets, the question from everybody, why in the world would you go into Indonesia, why China or why India? 20%-plus of our sales next year. And I want to make that clear, it is 20% plus of our sales in this year. And I'll get to the organic sales underlying the earnings. So my own view is that all you have to do is look around the sales around the globe, particularly in developed markets to understand what's supporting that sales growth. Demand looks for capacity, capacity looks for demand. We, as a company -- I won’t speak for the industry, we, as a company, think we can do more productivity. We can do better. We can supply the needs of our customers without the capacity we have, and rather than extend this over 3 or 4 years like we have been doing over the past couple of years, we've been taking a factory or 2 out every year. Felt the opportunity was now to make a quantum leap in productivity by freeing up the capacity that we don't need and moving it into other areas. The second thing that you are seeing, the world is shifting. And I sort of sit back and I reflect on this. I have been in this job a long time, and I have made more than my fair share of mistakes. But the one thing that I think we have seen very well is this shift that's occurring from the developed world to the developing world. Now we can all fight it. We can all resist it. We can all say you can't ignore the developed world, which obviously, we're not. But the reality is, our resources are still very concentric with the developed world. We've got to begin shifting those resources. And part of what we're not able to talk to you about today is the ultimate production of some of these products that will be moved into places that I think give us more efficient long-term benefits. One of the things Chris mentioned quickly in his comments was Qingdao. Qingdao in China, where we have put along with Indonesia, capacity in to produce McDonald's products for 13 or 14 markets. That's the model going forward, particularly on a regional basis. And we just felt there was a time for a quantum leap move. The second thing is, obviously, the step change we are making in Europe with the centralization of the supply chain into our markets in Zeist, Netherlands, which we're doing for a couple of reasons. The primary reason, it's much more efficient. And we have a big overhead structure in Zeist that can accommodate this, along with the opening of our R&D facility. Now let me come back to the underlying sales algorithm using Art's term, one he's absolutely beaten into me over the years, and I now love the word algorithm. In fact, I said to my children a couple of weeks ago, my daughter told us she was getting married, and we'd have our second grandchild. And I said to my daughter again last night, "What is your algorithm for grandchildren?" and between the looks I got from my wife and the looks I got from my daughter, algorithm was probably not an appropriate use of the term in that regard. I think right now you should assume 4%-plus constant-currency growth underwritten by 3 to 4 points of very solid organic growth and an opportunistic M&A. Let me tell you how we get there. If we're going to emerging markets of 15% better or better than that, and I will tell you that if we do only 15% this year, I'll be disappointed in the emerging markets. And that’s 20%-plus of our business, you're getting 3 points of organic growth out of the emerging markets. If, in fact, Dave does 2 to 3 points of volume, as he said, and 2 to 4 points of net sales, and Scott does the 1% to 2%, we are well over the 3% to 4% organic growth. Now we can debate all day long about will Scott do 1% to 2%, will Dave do 2% to 3%, but the reality is given the increased importance of emerging markets, given the innovation pipeline that the company has, we feel pretty good about 3% to 4%, plus a point of M&A. In regards to M&A, I've said this at CAGNY, I think we've born this out with Foodstar and Quero, we are still looking at opportunities as long as my arm. I mean, we are literally in the process of trying to put them in order of priority in terms of the opportunities that are being brought to us, non-auctioned processes, just because of entrepreneurs seeing the way we operate these businesses on a local market basis. And we are literally ferreting through a number. We've got a couple of small ones that I would expect to be done over the next 6 months or so, relatively small, but important in terms of market development and opportunities that they will create for us long term. So 4%-plus constant-currency growth, underwritten 3 to 4 points of organic growth, 1 point ad-hoc, opportunistic on M&A, and 7 to 8 this year, obviously, because of the M&A.
Bill Johnson: Absolutely, I mean, this year, operating profit from the emerging markets outpaced that from the developed markets. So, over time, as our investments start paying off and as the capital gets in, allows us to automate and improve efficiencies in those market, drive returns, and as our marketing continues to drive growth, we are absolutely expecting profit growth out of the emerging markets to outpace those of the developed markets. But we're also getting a lot of the productivity benefits from Keystone and some of the initiatives that we'll outline more fully over the coming months in the developed markets. But absolutely, we're looking for disproportionate -- and I said it in my comments, disproportionate sales and profit growth from the emerging markets.
Bill Johnson: Operating income, cutting through everything in emerging markets grew between 8% and 10%. And we've said 8% as a base, but it grew between 8% and 10%. Well, the company's operating income was up about 7% on a constant-currency basis, give or take, so you can see the benefits we're getting out of emerging markets relative to the developed markets. And part of that, as you saw, what Scott is doing, you saw what Dave is doing, but you also saw that the impact we're getting on Australia and New Zealand where we've been down a bit, so I think generally, the outlook is guided greatly by our success in emerging markets. I have to tell all of you and again, I know you get tired of hearing from me, and I've been preaching some of this on for 14 years. Don't underestimate these emerging markets. And I still think it's being underestimated by a lot of the market. And if you look at one of the things we have done choicefully that, I think, differentiates us from everybody else, we are almost equally spread among the 5 BRIC markets and Indonesia. We have not made one huge bet in any of these individual markets purposefully. And while everyone may be chasing Russia or China or India, we're chasing them all because the opportunities in these markets are significant. And like anything else in life, we're going to be right in many of them. We'll be wrong occasionally in one of them. And so we want to diversify and spread our bets. But I will tell you that over time, we've got the 30% algorithm over the next 5 years. We'll be every bit of that. And emerging markets are the growth, I mean, I tell my children to tell their children that I got news for Americans. While the United States will be the best economy in the world for as long as I'm around, the reality is, as Mike showed you, over the next 30 or 40 years, 5 or 6 of the top 8 economies in the world are going to be in these markets. We're there with management, infrastructure, brands, productivity, and capabilities, and it always sort of -- I get -- I talk to my wife about this all the time, who asks the same thing, "why are we going to all these markets?" And she didn't go with me to Vietnam and Indonesia because she said, "Gee, that’s too far." But that's where the future is. It's a sad state of affairs as an American, but it is a great state of affairs as a head of a multinational company. And when I go to these markets, I don't talk as an American. I talk about the head of the H.J. Heinz Company, and I remind all these people, "Look what H.J. did. He went bankrupt in the United States, went to the U.K. and restarted his company. And that was 140 years ago, it’s pretty amazing." And so I don’t go talk about what the U.S. government requires, I talk about how we run the H.J. Heinz Company. And that really plays. I tell our North American team, I just told them this in a meeting that Meg sat through and Scott knows. They asked me what the big difference was between being part of the American company, and being part of the emerging markets. If you look at our employee ratings, our pride levels in the emerging markets being part of the Heinz Company, 99% off the charts, in terms of wanting to learn and grow with this Company, off the charts. In terms of seeing a future for themselves and their families, in terms of creating a difference, off the charts. It is so much fun to go to these markets and watch the faces in the audience as I speak to them and watch them individually how they react to the legacy of H.J. And outside the U.S., the legacy of H.J. is everything, and we sell it hard. In the U.S., we are a cynical country. But it is -- you just can't underestimate the impact, you really can't.
Bill Johnson: Well, it depends on where they are geographically, and what -- how they fit with our business and whether we have management capability on the ground. But certainly the priority is the emerging markets. But I also want to be clear, we're not opposed to making a developed market acquisition, we just haven’t seen any. And we certainly haven’t seen any that would give returns to our shareholders that would be acceptable to them. So I think that the prices and the costs in the developed markets, because of the size of the businesses are one. And I think, most of the industry has not yet recognized that their portfolios may not be consistent with their aspirations. I'll let you draw your own conclusions on who I’m referring to. I think the other thing, Alexia, is we try to spread these as best we can. We did Foodstar in November. We did Quero in April, and a lot of the negotiating team is the same team, and so we try to spread the big ones. Now in a smaller one, we let the local teams pretty much handle that. But we’re looking for things that create value over time. Now, I mean, I’m really excited about Foodstar, 6 months into it, we’re doing well, but it’s still early. Quero I’m really enthused about. But we’re 2 months into it, and it’s still early, and as Mike can tell you, I wear a path to his door every day, asking how we’re doing, and he said you just asked me that at 5 o’clock last night, and I had lunch with the partner -- the seller, the CEO, and his wife 2 weeks ago. And he’s very enthused about being part of the Heinz company, he still owns a big piece of it. But we will spread these out in terms of the capabilities we have. Now putting Dan Milich in Europe, we've added a resource in Asia, we've added resources in the U.S. in terms of the way we look at it. So we're adding resources because the opportunities right now frankly are stretching our capabilities, but we're not going to do anything that breaks us. So we'll continue to parse these as carefully as we can, as selectively as we can, and I've got to tell you that the line I'm looking at, as I said as long as my arm, are all in emerging markets. I don't think there's a single exception.
Bill Johnson: Well, going back to Alexia's question, we look for opportunities and we try to balance them. We have a very good business in South Africa with a partnership with Pioneer Foods. We have a very good business in Egypt, which is again, I've said to certainly a number of you that we think is a huge opportunity for supplying tomato paste long term. It's the only place in the world you grow the tomato crop 2 times in a year. And we've got a very good business there. We've got our Egyptian partner last year, it's growing and we feel very good about it. It's still relatively small, and no, we weren't terribly affected by the problems in Egypt. And as we look, I've been in Vietnam. Vietnam is a real opportunity, but it also worries me. And the dong has done nothing but depreciate. The government is still quite working through how it manifests itself in terms of working with business, but we're looking at opportunities there. We're looking at opportunities in Turkey and I just came back from Turkey as I said, and we continue to explore opportunities. What we tend to do and we've done in Vietnam and in Turkey, we’ve opened small offices there, and we've put -- what do we have, 4 or 5 people on the ground in Vietnam. We’re going to have 4 or 5 people in the ground in Turkey. They start building out distribution, they start building out the introduction of the Heinz brand, and if we see something that can create additional infrastructure or give us an accelerated pace of growth, then we move into those markets in a bigger way. It’s what we did in Brazil. You saw in Mike’s comment about how much we’ve grown the Heinz brand there off a very small base. So we tend, as I said in my opening comments, to be very assiduous in learning and understanding these markets before jumping in. Now, I’d love to get bigger in Indonesia. I’d love to see us bigger in China. I’d love to see us get bigger in Brazil. I’d love to see us get bigger in Russia, but we balance all this stuff with the opportunities how they mesh with terms of creating value for the shareholders and how we can manage them, but we're aggressively looking at all the existing markets we're in, plus as we open offices and put teams in these new markets, we'll penetrate those, try to understand the retail and food service trade and to make decisions based on that. And a lot of it depends on what we can leverage. I mean Quero in Brazil is a prime example and what we've been looking in Brazil for a long time and this partnership sort of evolved out of an understanding between Fernando Pocaterra and the individual who sold us the company, and that’s the way we tend to do these things. So, as I said we have a line of opportunities. The Office of the Chairman debates these opportunities. We’re looking for more additional businesses. I’d like to get bigger in Poland. I’d like to see us get a little bit bigger in Latin America. I’d love to figure out a way eventually to get into Colombia. Colombia is a rapidly growing market in Latin America, but we talk about this stuff, but trust me we’re going to be extremely prudent, as Mike said, in terms of the way we go about this, but the priority is to look for opportunities that create value.
Bill Johnson: It will grow. And you've got to remember, in Asia-Pac, we've launched formula in China. We are spending a great deal of money to try to get formulas ceded. So, we made a conscious decision that we would forego operating profit, gross margins are still very good, in order to invest back in the growth opportunity, and it's all factored into the numbers you've seen this year into our outlook going forward. But again, back to Mike's point, we have a couple of markets that are every bit the 17% and the debate we have is very different than the debate and the questions you ask me, the debate we have is led usually by Art interestingly enough, is are we pulling too much money out of these markets, are we not capitalizing on the growth, and by the way, if the Board has any pushback with us that's the question they ask. Gee, it's great you want to be 15%, 16% operating margins in these markets, but are we making moves too soon? Are we not investing aggressively enough because they recognize that's where the growth is coming long term also? So, I think over time the margins will equilibrate. Now what time period that's going to be; 5, 10 years? Time will tell, but I think you've got those in Russia. I have been very clear. I said it earlier, we've made a conscious decision. We are going to be number one in ketchup, period. We missed Japan in the '70s and '80s. We are not going to miss Russia. If that means we take a smaller operating margin out of Russia to drive disproportionate growth and establish an impenetrable share position, we'll do it. But all that’s factored in. When you run a portfolio of businesses, not every business will play the same. I used to watch football practices my whole life and it's really interesting when you look at sports teams, all you have to do is look at the Miami Heat, if you watch NBA basketball, I mean, you leverage the great players and everybody else supports those great players, Dallas Mavericks, Dirk Nowitzki, Nowitzki is doing -- I mean, he’s playing unbelievably well. Two games ago he had terrible game and they got beat. And you surround yourself with a portfolio and you manage against that portfolio as we have done I think pretty darn well, and I think in that context, David, we'll continue to manage it the way we think we can get the most value long-term. The other thing I'll remind all of you and I tell this to investors when I’m out with them all the time, I don’t run this business quarter-to-quarter. Now I know you want me to, but I don’t, and I’ve been here almost 14 years now in this job, and I don’t run it quarter-to-quarter, and had I run it quarter-to-quarter, we wouldn't have been in Indonesia, we wouldn't have been in India, we wouldn't have been in China, we certainly wouldn't have gone into Brazil, because I can tell you right now, Brazil and Foodstar are going to effect the first quarter. We’re just ramping these businesses up, they’re going to dilute the first quarter; they have to, as we'd ramp up marketing and try to get our management team in place. So I run this business over 5 year periods, which is why I gave you the history over the last 15 years, and looking forward over 5 years. And if you look at the last 5 years, we grew EPS at better than 8%, we grew the top line organically at 4%. We grew ROIC despite all these investments close to 500 basis points, and we improved gross margins, and we drove cash flow, even at the levels this year. I apologized to the Board a couple of weeks ago, I said, our cash flow is going to be about $1.2 billion, but frankly it always comes on higher than I say, so expect a bigger number, and it does, I mean, we just drive enormous cash. These guys and their teams are doing incredible job. So we'll continue to balance all this against the best way we think long-term to create value for our shareholders, and frankly our employees.
Bill Johnson: Now which one of your guys talked to him? That's -- we have this debate all the time, and again it's a balance. I mean, I could spend a lot on marketing. To quote Herman Cain's comment a couple weeks ago about how the politicians in D.C. are working out. I think his question was, how is that working out for you? How is the marketing spend working out for some others? We balance it against the opportunities we see in the businesses. I mean, we could quadruple spending in some of these businesses, but because we're 97% penetrated, we're not going to see a huge lift that gets us a return, and that's why we are very enthused about things like Dip & Squeeze. I don't know how many of you caught Scott's comment on the research we've done, 60% incremental, 60%. We're going to sell 10 of those things for $1.99, that's $0.20 a piece for one of those little Dip & Squeeze pouches, and I'll bet you, we sell a bunch of it at retail, and we won't have to spend a whole heck of a lot of marketing beyond what we're doing on Facebook and on YouTube, and so there are ways to go about this. I mean, most of you have heard my comments about marketing spend over my entire career, and I'm a marketing guy, and I think, I could easily double the spending on this business, I won't give you a return on it, and so we're trying to parse it out as carefully as we can. Dave showed you we're up significantly in the U.K. because we've got plans now that are giving us a return. We are up significantly in the emerging markets, because it seems to be every dollar we spend, we get 2 back. I mean, it really is, gives us a great return in a short period of time, so I don’t look at the percentage. I look at the growth, and I will remind you there is one other company in the industry that spends lower than we do that’s done pretty darn well over the last 4 or 5 years in terms of shareholder returns and in creating value, and so I don’t -- I just don’t look at that number. I am more concerned about are we supporting these businesses. Now there is not a single guy up here that wouldn't tell you, he'd like more marketing. But you also have to recognize in the developed markets, you've got a trade off. We're investing close to 30% of sales in many of these markets between D&A, marketing, and some other things we do from innovation. We've substantially ramped up R&D with the opening of the innovation center in Nijmegen in Europe. That is a huge ramp up in R&D. I don’t know how many of you caught my comments. We're looking at an R&D center in Asia. Over the next 4 years, I assure you we will open an R&D center at some point in Asia for a lot of reasons. One, enormous talent, two, enormous growth, and three, the need to be on the ground there and develop for the future, so it’s a combination of a lot of factors, and frankly, I think looking at strictly a percentage of marketing, as a percentage of sales is probably not deep enough in terms of understanding what we're doing. But it’s a valid point. I mean, we have this debate all the time. Should we spend more, we're trying to increase it as best we can in the context of the balance between creating value and driving long term growth.
Bill Johnson: Yes, and I think the thing you have to keep in mind is from a procurement standpoint, certainly in indirect, we've got it rolled out across two-thirds of the company already, and we're getting big benefits out of that, and the other big benefit in productivity is going to be from the value engineering. We will get returns from Keystone later on. As Art said, we cross the line in about fiscal '15 give or take. Fiscal '15 sounds like a pretty good year for me to sort of cross the lines with Keystone. I think the other thing you got to keep in mind regardless of the kinds of returns we get on SAP, we don't have a choice. We don't have a global ERP system. We're operating with individual ERP systems. Now some of you can say, 'well gee, you are behind the industry,' and I'd say, 'yeah.' The other side of that is we're behind the industry and look how well we've performed without doing what the rest of the industry is already banking into their outlook. So, I feel pretty good about where we're going. As Art can tell you, Art and I are the longest running tandem CEO-CFO in this industry by a long ways. Art and I agree on 99.9% of everything. The one thing as Art can tell you, he has scars on his back from is Keystone. And I am a CEO, I hate systems projects. I hate systems. I can barely turn my iPad on, and in fact we've got the Board on iPads now. Just we've got everybody on iPads, now I will tell you this has been a real experience. If any of you are on Boards that want to shift to iPads argue vigorously to stay with paper, and so we are, but we're not going to see returns on those for another 3 or so years and then we will get incremental returns that hopefully will allow Bob and us to keep maintain that productivity outlook going forward, so we're not getting much benefit over the next three years, Eric.
Michael Milone: Well, it's tough to generalize because some of our markets are as high as profitability in any other market. Indonesia and India, for example, are extremely profitable. We've been there for a while, but in general, once you get below the gross profit margin line, we're obviously spending more on marketing. We are spending a little bit more on sales and distribution. I think, on the whole, G&A is on about par, maybe a little bit higher. We expect to be able to get some efficiencies there over time. I think, if you look at the history, there is no question that the operating margins are lower, but they've been increasing at the same kind of pace. I think that shows in some of our aggregate numbers from the regions. So, good prospects for continued improvements. In terms of the return, we have a new asset base. So the assets aren't as fully depreciated in some of the other markets, but they're high.
Michael Milone: If I could, one other comment on sustainability. A lot of the stuff that we're doing may not be obvious. For example, that package in front of you, it's not just the package, it's also what's in it. We have a very extensive seed program that develops our own proprietary seeds that are highly water efficient, high-yielding, and it makes a very large impact that our customers are well aware of.
Michael Milone: If I can add on risk, we have a lot of debates about it internally, there's a difference between informed and calculated risks and risks. There's a strong argument that could be made inaction or not taking some risks will be more risky than taking a perceived risk as well.
Arthur Winkleblack: Generally, our returns are higher in emerging markets, because we got growth. I mean I'm -- always, when I go out with investors one of the questions we always get is are these markets profitable? Well, you don't grow the way we've grown at the bottom line without these markets being profitable. And they are very profitable, but in some cases, we've opted to invest more aggressively than in others. But certainly in the case of the 2 markets Mike mentioned that I had preferred he not mention, those are very profitable markets. If we look at a couple of others, we've been very clear on Russia, for example, over the last few years that we're investing to make sure we win in ketchup. And we are winning in ketchup. We now have a very strong number one position in ketchup and condiments and in ketchup itself. We're number one in dry baby food and we're number one or are going to soon be number one in beans. And so I think as we look at these markets, we will continue to invest differentially because we're getting different growth out of them. We're getting much better growth, disproportionate, but we are making money in all these markets. We are cash flow positive in all these markets. The margins over time will equilibrate with our developed markets. If you look at our portfolio and you break it into parts, you look at it in 3 parts. We have 3 segments of gross margin. You obviously have the United States, the U.K., Italy and a few other markets that have top tier margins. Then we have our emerging markets. Then we have some of our other developed markets below those emerging markets. So I’m always amused by the question, are emerging markets pulling your margins down? If anything, it's the markets where we struggle more with the consolidated customer base. So I think over time, the emerging markets in terms of driving profit and in terms of driving growth will far surpass anything we have ever seen in the developed world.
Arthur Winkleblack: Keep in mind, these capital projects all stand on their own. So they each have a discounted cash flow model behind them. And so if they don’t return well better than the weighted average cost of capital of the company, we don’t do the project.
Arthur Winkleblack: In terms of the commodity costs, to your point, Bob and his team did a great job in fiscal '11 taking that 5% of market inflation. And really for us the net impact was around 1%. As we look forward in the next year, we're looking at market inflation of around 7%. We hope to beat that a bit. And we'll see how that goes. But I wouldn't expect such a big gap as we look forward as we got in fiscal ‘11. But we'll keep you posted as that unfolds.
Arthur Winkleblack: Andrew one final thought on the why now in terms of the productivity initiatives, the other thing we wanted to not do was as we roll out Keystone, I’d rather not spend the money to put Keystone into plants that we don't want long-term. And so to the extent we can simplify and streamline the footprint now, that will help us in terms of the Keystone process going forward.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, Eric, let me add on that, that we're trying to price to cover the commodity inflation. So we’re not really pricing ahead of commodity inflation. What we’re using is, through Bob’s group, the very, very strong productivity to then try to drive the gross margins up. So if you can basically cover the commodity inflation with pricing and then you can make your aggressive productivity on top of that, that’s how ultimately you end up growing gross margins.
Arthur Winkleblack: Sure. I mean over time Keystone will be a key enabler to all that we do frankly. I mean it’s just how a great business is run. Now to your point there is some additional spending that we’ve got to do here as we get the system rolled out more fully and it will be a while until we get to breakeven, but over the long-term, Keystone is a critical enabler and a key foundational piece to increasing both productivity and ultimately then the EPS growth target to the 7 to 10.
Scott O'Hara: So the Boston Market distribution -- as we made the decision to exit the relationship has -- you've seen it start to lose distribution over really the last 9 months. And it sort of stabilized where it is today. And then we'll exit that relationship completely on June 30. So until we launch T.G.I. single-serve entrees, the other full-calorie meals were taking that space. And the retailers were making that choice with those other suppliers. Clearly, with T.G.I. Friday’s going into that space, there's an opportunity for us to look at the entire area, and we're doing that. So over the past 9 months, not a lot of it came to Heinz because we weren't really competing there other than in our multi-serve, which is typically merchandised in another area. As we bring out our new single-serve product then that may be an opportunity.
Scott O'Hara: Rob, on the PlantBottle, a couple of things. Number one, obviously, we're working closely with our partner, Coke, on that, and they're building out capacity to produce more of the resin that we need to make the PlantBottle. And they're expanding that within their own product portfolio, as well as us within ours. So we're going to start with one SKU in retail and one SKU in Foodservice. On the Walmart-specific question, it's important to them. Sustainability is important to Walmart. It’s also important to many other of our larger customer. So they're all excited about it. It will be one SKU in the range to start. It will grow over time as the raw material has availability. We had a choice to do more SKUs in retail and exclude Foodservice. But we really felt like, strategically, it was important to get into the Foodservice environment. If you think about it, you'd have this great Heinz ketchup bottle on all of these restaurant tables, creating all of these impressions, communicating the PlantBottle story. And so it's going to create a lot of awareness. Coke is excited about that exposure that we can provide. And so that's the plan, ultimately though, it will grow over time. And the trade has been great. They really love it. It ties into the things they're doing. And quite frankly, the things that we're doing and Coke is doing. But beyond that we've got the mineral tray for Smart Ones, where we have breakthrough technology. We've got lots of opportunities in sustainability. We set out specific goals about 3 or 4 years ago. We're among the first to set them out. We're surpassing all of them. We've got a lot of activity going on sustainability, and in the whole area of organic in terms of the way it relates to greenhouse gas emissions and water and so forth. I mean, one of the things we do is we try to measure water. We try to measure utility usage, we measure waste. We measure all this stuff at the plant level around the Company. And we have made enormous progress. In fact, I would stack us up against anybody. Mike Milone leads this initiative for us globally. It has been an extraordinary success, something the Board is very excited about. This morning, for example, on our Micronutrient Campaign, Lucy Liu was on -- who represents us was on -- I guess she was on the Fox News this morning. And she's been on Good Morning America. And just last night, she did something very unique, which I won't -- we'll show you later -- I don't think we'll show you today, but we'll show you later with -- I guess it was Crosby and Nash on the Fallon show. The Fallon show has been very good to us. You saw the Bagel Bite spot, Meat Loaf, apparently, loves Bagel Bites. So we'll send him a supply just to keep him excited about the business, so...
Scott O'Hara: Yes, Alexia, the first -- I have mentioned in my presentation, we're underdeveloped in that channel. So the first thing we need to do is sell something, right? And then we'll work through the supply chain implications. But in all fairness, we really don't have a big business there today. We think it's a massive opportunity. There is no question that those -- that that channel and a number of those retailers are doing exceptionally well. We have some presence in them today, but it's typically with our core range that would be in any other retailer, and what we've found is we benchmarked ourselves against other companies that we believe are doing better in those channels is they've tailored their offering to that channel. And there are some supply chain implications of that for sure. And we'll balance that additional complexity with the opportunity. But the first thing we need to do is actually create some critical mass in that channel, which we're very focused on for fiscal ’12.
