Christopher M. Jakubik: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our business update for the fourth quarter of 2015. With me today are Bernardo Hees, our CEO; Paulo Basilio, our CFO; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. We'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation available on our website. Also please note that in 2015 we had a 53rd week, so on the charts in today's presentation we've excluded the extra week from our organic net sales growth figures, and we've provided our estimate of the impact on adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS within each of those bars. With that out of the way, let's turn to slide two, and I'll turn it over to Bernardo.
Christopher M. Jakubik: Hi, Eric. It's Chris. I think once you get the 10-K, I think it'll be a little bit clearer because what you had was most of that goodwill going to indefinite-lived assets, a lot in terms of mark-up of brand values because within the transaction it was Kraft being acquired, so that's where most of the goodwill would have been assigned and largely to indefinite-lived assets. But I can follow up with you in a little bit more detail after the call.
Christopher M. Jakubik: Thanks very much and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. For those in the media that have follow-up questions, Michael Mullen will be available to take your calls. And for analysts who have follow-up questions, Rishi Natarajan (57:22) and myself will be around. So, thanks very much and have a good evening.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to slide four, I will begin by saying that we are feeling good about the state of our U.S. business, and our ability to generate profitable growth in 2016 and beyond. And that's despite a sizable step-down in volume and mix performance in Q4. So why am I optimistic? Several reasons. First, we're driving profitable net sales with significantly lower promotional activity versus Q4 2014. As you can see on the slide, we drove solid 1.2% non-promoted consumption in Q4 and 1.5% non-promoted consumption for the full year for our combined portfolio in the United States. This was driven by innovation, new product news and an increase in working media behind ketchup, pasta sauces, Lunchables, P3, cold cuts, single-serve coffee and cream cheese. Secondly, our shipments were below consumption in the fourth quarter. This was due to shipment timing versus prior period, and mainly related to comparisons with Q4 last year when for instance we were filling the retail pipeline ahead of our launch of McCafé as well as the business losses in the foodservice highlighted on our last call. But this is now behind us, and we are pursuing a solid development plan for our foodservice business in 2016. Third is the fact that our integration initiatives are beginning to have an impact, with organizational structure savings contributing to EBITDA growth in Q4. And looking forward, savings from ZBB should begin to be realized across our combined operations, and modernization and capability building within our manufacturing footprint should ramp up significantly. Finally, I am also confident about our prospects because of our robust innovation pipeline, Big Bets, and my belief that we are well-positioned to build on our 2015 accomplishments in 2016. In particular, we'll become even more equipped and more focused on putting products and investable marketing ideas into the marketplace against some of our biggest turnaround opportunities. I'm not going to tell you that we have a solution for every part of our portfolio just yet, but I do believe our pipeline is in better shape to commercialize trend-bending product into the marketplace, and we will be in even better shape as we execute our footprint initiative over the next two years. Let me give you a few quick examples of what to look for on your next round of store checks. Capri Sun Organic is now in the marketplace, with advertising scheduled to hit later in the second quarter. We're making changes to ensure that Mac & Cheese is more relevant today than ever before, with no artificial flavors, preservatives or synthetic colors. And you will hear us making noise about this very soon. Also, we're working to improve our nutritional frozen meal offerings, which we will talk about later in the year. We will support these and other Big Bets with a solid increase in working media dollars. I hope you all saw our Meet the Ketchups campaign that we kicked off during the Super Bowl. It is part of a major marketing campaign behind Heinz Ketchup. We expect 2016 will be a strong marketing year for us, including a further shift of our advertising spend from non-working to working media, with our goal of increasing working media to at least three-quarters of our marketing budget. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to walk through the numbers in more detail.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes, Bryan, this is George Zoghbi here. The shipment timing in the U.S. in Q4, as I stated in my pre-prepared remarks, was affected by three things when you look at the comparisons. One is one-off items that we did last year in preparing to the launch of McCafé. That was a big one for us. The second one is we did not do promotional activities that we did in Q4 of 2014. And the third one, in alternative channels we exited businesses that we won't be overlapping moving forward. So moving forward, you're going to see that the shipment sales and the consumption sales will be closely aligned.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Andrew, this is George. Thank you for your question. Yes, we are very pleased with the work we did on PNOC, not just in Q4 or the last two quarters that you have mentioned, but right throughout 2015, particularly in dairy, in meat, in coffee. And we believe the strength of our brand equities and the investment that we have been making and we continue to make in these brands is allowing us to do that. Do we feel that it's sustainable? Yes, we do. And the reason we feel it's sustainable because while we were doing this and PNOC's been healthy and positive for us, if you look at our market share, which you have access to, we managed to grow share in all these categories. For example, we grew share in cream cheese, we grew share in processed, we grew share in American slices, we grew share in Oscar Mayer meat combos, we grew share in snack nuts and seed, we grew share in coffee. Dairy is where we lost some share, softening in natural cheese and hot dogs and it was our willingness not to chase the market down. So that's, if you want, the reasons why we believe what we did is sustainable and without strong brands we won't be able to do that. That's the first part. The second part of your question, we are now of a size where we believe that assessing our market, go-to-market model and sales by focusing on our capability to cover more areas and be more extensive and the frequency, of course, would be higher would allow us to do more. So we are experimenting with some models that we'll be in a better position to share with you later on in the year.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Michael, this is George. Thank you for your question. The first one about the marketing spend, we look at marketing in two buckets if you want: one is non-working media and one is working media. The non-working media are things such as production costs, advertising agency costs and that sort of things. And working media is actually what we pay for the ads to be aired or put on digital carrier or in print and so forth. That part of marketing will be growing by about $50 million this year versus prior year in the United States. The other part we are getting efficiencies from the scale that we have and that would give us the savings. So these are the two different parts. The second question...
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes. In total would be a net savings and will continue to be in the mid-single digits. So that's our advertising spend. The second part of your question on Kraft Kitchens; as you know, this is the largest website for downloading recipes, not just in the United States but in the world, and absolutely we're already in motion to include all the Heinz products. And we're doing more on that in terms of digital database that we capture from visitors to this site that we can start forming a primary database to use for our own marketing directly to the consumers.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Okay. This is George here. Let me take the PNOC as a follow-up from what I talked about earlier. We had a very good year from PNOC and the question was asked before about that and we believe this is sustainable. And the reason we believe it's sustainable because of the investments in our brand, the investments in innovation and the investments in renovation that we are making to be able to command premium to the product. So that will continue in the current year as well. And as you know, U.S. is the majority of the revenue of the worldwide market, so you'd expect a positive in this regard.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Rob. This is George. Maintaining stable top line for 2016 is our priority. So this is where we're looking at in the full year and to do that we are ensuring that business stability as we go through the footprint, the launch of new product development successfully, realizing the benefits we promised. And as I said earlier when we were talking about the Q4, that, that separation between consumption and shipment is going to (43:36) significantly as we move forward, and our performance will be more so what we are selling. So we see an improvement in 2016. We don't give guidance about the top line but we are confident about maintaining a stable top line moving forward.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, John. I'm going to give you some color about what we do with trade promotion. What I won't be giving you is what we talk with the retailers about. I mean, this is something we do with our trade partners; we do not share publicly with the world. As far as trade promotions are going, we continuously evaluate all trade promotions based on the history and based what we did in return on investment. And like everyone else what we were trying, some promotions have a positive return on investments; other promotions have a negative returns on investment. So what we will try to do, we try to replicate more of the positive return on investment and take out and minimize the negative return on investment one. Of course, there is a negotiating effort that goes on with retailers. We always try to work in a mutually beneficial way to ensure we are growing the category and providing value to consumers, and that's what is important to both the retailers and ourselves.
Georges El-Zoghbi: I've been doing this for 24 years, and it's the same anywhere in the world. I operate in a number of markets and this is like sport, contact sport anywhere in the world, so we do not, and it differs by category by category; differs by retailer, by geography, by personality, but that's what we get paid to do; that's our job and we believe we do it very well.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes, David, this is George. Thank you very much for your question. Our focus is on profitable growth. We repeated that a number of times, and we will have some categories where you'll see volume growth. And while we have other categories where you'll see a volume decline, overall, because of our size and the diverse businesses and categories we operate in, we will probably reflect what would go on in the marketplace. The focus on growing volume for us would be largely done through the following: one is renovating our product range. You have seen a lot of activity in this area in making, reformulating products to reflect the consumer trend. The second one, we are innovating and we are accelerating the rate of innovation both in center stores to bring back the traffic to that part of the stores and in the perimeter where we have two large businesses, the Cheese & Dairy and the Refrigerated Meats businesses, and now that the foodservice business have a very strong white space program, what I mean by that white space program is when we merged the two foodservices business units, we saw that our legacy businesses were not overlapping a lot, were actually complementary to each other. That presented us with a potential revenue synergy that we refer to as the white space. And we have a strong program for 2016 to do that.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes. So you know for those of us who've lived through a number of Easters, we know that period of time really well. Last year's Easter was not too far removed from Q1; as you remember it was early in April where most of the orders of last year's Easter went into Q1. However, if we see a one-day shift in ordering between one year and another year, that could be the difference that would be helpful to us this year. So it won't be a high magnitude, but it'll be a little bit helpful for us in Q1 compared to last year.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thank you, Paulo. Turning to slide 12, let's talk about what we expect to face in the year ahead. Similar to what we saw in 2015, we expect currency and consumption trends to remain meaningful headwinds across most markets in the year. And as Paulo told you our general managers from Canada to Asia will continue to face pressure to increase prices in many categories to offset higher input costs in local currency. There is also the ongoing need to drive better consumption in the face of both consumer weakness and consumers' desire for fresher, less processed food. All that said, we're very excited about how Kraft Heinz is positioned. To unleash growth, we will continue to focus on innovation, go-to-market capabilities and increasing working media dollars. We'll build our innovation pipeline through big bets in each market, and as the year unfolds, you'll see us launch advances in areas where consumers are migrating. Importantly, we'll continue to take a portfolio approach within the key categories in which we compete, from premium to value offerings, to meet consumer demand across the spectrum. On the cost side, we expect to make significant progress on delivering best-in-class margins through: one, delivering ZBB savings; two, making progress on our manufacturing footprint initiatives; and finally, building a real performance driven culture in Kraft Heinz. It's still early, and as we evolve, I will continue to share our plan. Overall, this is an exciting and challenging time for The Kraft Heinz family. In 2015, we took steps to build a solid base for sustainable growth. We are executing a strong pipeline of initiatives in 2016 and our synergy plans are laid out throughout 2017, which will create an even bigger opportunity to invest in our people, our brands and our products. Overall, we are confident that the company is on track towards our vision to be the best food company, growing a better world. Thank you. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Bryan. It's Bernardo. I think it's important, as we highlighted in the remarks, to go to the specific items of the fourth quarter, right? Paulo read we went from all the regions on the specifics. And there were some challenged categories like frozen meals or soup in U.K., but when you see our market share performance and so on, we have been growing quite stable in most parts of that. So most parts what you're seeing, we saw a lot of really leaving negative ROI initiatives that really didn't support the company for the long run as we continue to build the pillars and push us to really a profitable sales agenda. As I always said and it's important to remind, we're a sales organization. And with that in mind, what I can tell you that I think it's – from the highest comparison you made in the beginning and so I think there are a lot of difference in a positive way. First, we are pushing this agenda of innovation, of go-to-market capabilities and higher marketing dollars in a much faster pace than we did at that time, okay? And second, we're actually feeling good about the first quarter of the year and our objectives for 2016 and beyond on pushing this agenda.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: David, thanks for the question. It's quite interesting. In a sense, what we've tried to do with the Big Bets not only here in the United States but Canada, Europe and all, we're going to fewer bets, but really bolder and stronger in that sense. So, in order to get there and mitigate the risk, we need really to pass the profile in the pipeline from consumer insight up to the shelf as a program in a much more effective way, and what you have been seeing from the experience in 2016, George mentioned some of them and so on, that really has been paying out. Look at the performance of Heinz Yellow Mustard, you look at P3 and look at hot sauces in Europe, and there are others coming to market in 2016. What's fair to say to your question that we're going to need to be much more robust on the testing, design, understanding consumers and really coming big in supporting to make it a win in the marketplace. If you say that's a more risky strategy that in a fragmented innovation pipeline, you're probably right. In other hand, I think if you do all the steps prior to the launch, as testing, consumer insight and well-designed innovation pipeline, a robust innovation pipeline, I think can be quite significant but you really can move the needle in the company from a stable standpoint, and that's what we're looking for here.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Jason, here is Bernardo. Let me comment on the European part of your question then we'll go to the lessons. I think when you see the fourth quarter, it's true we experienced a little more challenged environment in the market in Europe, and that's pretty much a push by really the soup segment in U.K. What we went through to really a lower level promotion and we experienced some problem in the distribution with some of our retail partners in U.K. and the fact that the infant category in Italy where you have a stable and growing market share but continued to decline at a fast pace. When you think about reacting to that and we're already seeing that reaction, it's not really only infusing more trade, that's your question, but actually getting the right level promotion with the positive returns and being with the right mechanism of trade was something George just mentioned in the question before, so we can have a win-win situation with our partners in U.K. and Europe. And I think there is a solid plan in place to really push Italy to a different level in 2016. So it's true that we experience more challenge than we faced in the fourth quarter in Europe, especially the U.K. situation I mentioned. It's also true that you continue to grow market share in that market except for soup, all right? So what we may see now in first quarter and especially moving forward from here is the fact that we're investing more but we're investing the right instruments with positive return. On the second part of your question about the lessons from Heinz and so, like I said before I think a lot of the agendas in Heinz that we push innovation, and go-to-market capabilities, higher media spend and so on, it took us almost a year when we started to push this agenda. And I think now given the – some knowledge we had before, the integration going well and a lot of other elements of the Kraft Heinz merger make us push this agenda in a faster pace. And there are some lessons from instruments (49:36) initiatives and other things on the SKU rationalization and footprint initiatives. And so that we learned the lessons to be applied here. I'm sure we're going to learn other lessons in this merger that will be applied some point in time, but that being said I believe we're doing things different in some cases and we're repeating also things that we believe have done well in the past.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Yes. We continue to be quite optimistic about that. We always knew that 2016 would be the year to build the supply chain and infrastructure. What we did, I think was the right move. To select 10 countries in 4 segments that really want to push the agenda while trying to do everything at the same time everywhere, that wouldn't be effective. And now we should come to market already looking second half 2016 already with some of these initiatives. But we're definitely building the infrastructure and the supply chain to take advantage of our distribution and footprint internationally to land the Kraft brands in different markets around the world. So we're probably going to talk more about that as the quarters progress.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. Thanks for the question. I think, actually when you think about our EBITDA margin improvement, it comes from mainly three items. The first thing is price net of commodity that you have in the quarter. We had also some footprint optimization that we saw realized in Europe, and also the reduction in promotion that we stopped doing that we did in the prior year. So on top of that we had also this $125 million in the quarter, important to state this number. We saw the benefits of $125 million in the quarter, so it's one quarter of savings, but those were the main items that we got to increase our EBITDA margin.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Eric. We are not breaking down the phasing of the savings because that cannot match the quarter (32:38) one week or one month delayed. So what we have normally happen is and what happened last year is, we start with the org restructuring and we saw already in the last quarter the savings flow into our results. And then we have together the ZBB and the footprint happening just right after, and the ZBB is going to be in the long tail. So again, we expect to have the balance of the savings happen during 2016, but appearing in the full P&L in 2017. We do not break out the phasing of the savings.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: I don't know if I could (41:17) I don't know if you asked about the FX, the inflation impact that we are seeing going forward, but we still think that we're going to face a similar type of headwind in FX in the next two quarters. We had around 6.5% headwind in the last quarter. 1/3 of this is coming from the Venezuelan devaluation we did at the end of second Q, and we expect to face the same type of impact at least during the first half of 2016.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Alexia. This is Paulo, and thanks for the question. I think in Europe, we have a very strong implementation, not only of the revenue management side and the SKU rationalization, as you comment, but also a very strong ZBB and also the footprint that we did there went really well. All of this helped to improve the margins of the country. Besides that, when you compare – so again the promotions activity – now the selection of the right promotions also helped with the margin increase there. When you compare Europe with other countries, I think each country and the footprint of categories that we have, the geographies and the brands that we have in different countries that does not allow us to kind of try to infer the same type of opportunity margin that we saw in Europe and other places. I think in Europe today we are in a stage that if we're going to get much more from sales growth than from margin increase in EBITDA.
