Bill Johnson: I think as you look at our results for the quarter if you were to back frozen out of our results for the quarter our organic sales were up between 4% and 5%. Clearly we’re wrestling with the frozen issue and predominantly that is the United States. In terms of Smart Ones, we have been fairly disciplined, I think, and it really held our patterns, we watch this category decline and we watched our peers chase the decline in the category. Having said that, we are getting far more aggressive in the second half of the year and our marketing spending on Smart Ones will be up about 40% in the second half of the year. Oriented towards basically our heavy user so we’re going to do a lot of couponing against heavy users. Medium, particularly print, we’ve got a few new items coming that I’m not going to talk about today, I’ll announce more details about it at Cagney. I think we have six or seven SKUs being launched in the spring to address particular segment opportunities. The reality is that the category is fighting the prevailing trend of the consumer. The consumer is not buying “for me” products as we’ve talked in the past. As a consequence we’ve been extremely reluctant to jump in aggressively and simply chase the category down. Its like trying to throw a life boat on top of the Titanic. We do think the category as it hits this winter will level out a bit given the impending diet season, given the bad comps year ago and so as a consequence we’ve made a decision to invest aggressively in the second half as I said with marketing up about 40%. Additionally, we’ve be increasing our D&A spending to bring better price points. The one thing that we have found interesting is the enormous footballing going on in this category with brands offering 6/$10 and in some cases 10/$10 and so forth. We’re going to try to avoid as much of that as we possibly can but we factor it into all of our numbers a far more aggressive approach to Smart Ones in the second half. Fundamentally we still need to be concerned about the category and address a lot of our efforts to bringing new consumers back into the franchise which is what our plans are aimed to do in the second half.
Bill Johnson: I don’t think anything has fundamentally changed in the 35 years I’ve been in this business. I think fundamentally its always been a retailer, manufacturer contest to see where the money goes either directly to the consumer or back to the retailer. I think we’re not seeing anything different other then the pressure points created by private label and the reaction from the second tier brands where I think most of the pricing pressure is coming from, as the retailer tries to bring consumers into the store. I think you’re also going to see more partnership, much as we did in New Zealand with our partnership with one of our customers we put more then 400 Wattie’s products on an initiative that our retailer basically split the cost with us on it to try to bring consumers in the store. If you remember in New Zealand we do almost 7% of the total grocery sales in that market so it had a huge effect not only on us and our shares but it actually lifted their business significantly. I think what retailers are trying to find are things that generate foot traffic. I also think retailers are trying to take advantage of the continuing erosion in away from home consumption and so they’re looking for opportunities to bring categories or products back into the store that will attract those consumers. I think the third thing is that the market itself in terms of the consumer manufacturers I think when the markets turned down last year I think all of us began to focus more aggressively on value and I don’t think we’ve all done the job on innovation that we need to, to continue to excite and entice consumers and frankly our customers in order to bring news to the category. You’ll see that change in our plans in the second half of the year. The pressure points come from a combination of things. Obviously you’re seeing some deflation in some commodities, not all but some commodities are declining. You’re seeing a concerted push by the private label manufacturers to take advantage of what they see as a window of opportunity. We’re seeing a reaction from the owners of second and third tier brands who are doing everything they can to maintain their shelf space in basically a period when we’re looking at SKU rationalization across a number of retailers. Finally what you’re seeing is the consumer that is trying optimize their shopping trips. Consumers are picking brands very carefully and in marrying those brand with either associated private label products or other products. The thing I caution everybody on in private label, there is no doubt that the private label trend is slowing, it is still a significant trend globally but it is slowing. You have to remember that the basket of goods that private label shares are built around include a lot of areas where the brands don’t compete and the brands don’t participate, particularly towards the front of the store in the US and UK in the chilled section. I think its combination of pressure points. I think all the changes over a period of time those pressure points take on added urgency depending on the pressure point. Right now I think price is probably that pressure point.
Bill Johnson: The Golden Circle impact is give or take because its not precise, I would say around 20 or 30 basis points for the quarter. I don’t think you’re going to see a substantial turn in that business short term because we’re still in the process of moving after synergies, we’ve got the two manufacturing facilities in Australia that we’re working to upgrade. We’ve just signed a deal with Ocean Spray to represent them in Australia so we’re making some capital investments in both the Mill Park and the Northgate factory in Australia.  The other thing is we’ve launched two new items in Golden Circle; one called Raw which is a product of the original juice company and the other one is called LOL which is a short name for Laugh Out Loud which is a fizzy drink directed towards children. You’re going to see us continue to invest pretty aggressively as we try to grow the top line there.  I think given the seasonality of the business and given what’s happened to commodity costs I think it’ll be another six to nine months before we start seeing meaningful improvement in margins on Golden Circle. That was pretty much factored into our thinking.
Bill Johnson: I don’t think we were surprised by the North American pressure because we knew we were comparing against a very difficult comp from last year. Food service actually surprised us on the upside a bit being down less than 1% organically given the foot traffic in that industry. There’s no doubt that one of the contributing factors to the decision to ramp up marketing has been the soft volume in Q1 and Q2 and you’ll see a dramatic change in Q3, Q4.  Factored into our range and into the organic comments that Art just made about constant currency marketing in the second half of this year is going to be up between 25% and 30% at a minimum. That just includes consumer marketing, we’ll also expend a little more D&A that’s factored all into our range as we continue to recognize three things.  One, the market is a little more receptive now, there’s no point in chasing consumers out the door. I think frankly that’s just a waste of money. Secondly, we are working on opportunities in terms of new products and some new initiatives we have in the second half of the year that will address the improving environment and frankly address some of the volume issues we’ve had in the first two quarters.  Third, some of our peers have gotten our attention with comments they’ve made to the market and to other people. While we won’t specify or name any of those peers, those peers have clearly gotten our attention and have maybe awaked some of our brand teams who have requested a little more support and a little more aggressive activity. The one thing I will say about marketing in the second half of the year, every single one of our operating businesses marketing will be up double digits in the second half of the year.
Bill Johnson: No, that is not the message. The message is we’re increasing marketing. You’ll see, for example, it will manifest itself on Ore-Ida and substantial increased in media. It will manifest itself in the emerging markets and substantial increases in media. On Smart Ones it will manifest itself in some pricing, some couponing, and some media. In ketchup it will predominantly manifest itself as additional consumer activity in terms of coupons and other activity directed directly at consumers and some pricing activity particularly on the 20oz size as we try to be more competitive with some of our peers and with our customers. No, its a mixed bag and it basically fundamentally we started with ramping up our media efforts particularly in the UK behind “It Has To Be Heinz” a lot of that is media driven and a lot of it is store driven. Its a combination of both. With marketing up 25% to 30% at a minimum in the second half of the year that’s consumer marketing and D&A will be up as well. Fundamentally the focus is on driving sustainable growth not buying growth.
Bill Johnson: In the first half we’re right in that range. In the second half we’re going to be above that range. I think we’ll end the year probably, I’ll give you a range of say 70 maybe 80 basis points maybe even a little bit more depending on the opportunity. There’s no doubt that we’re ramping up D&A in the context of trying to get better price points. Just as importantly, trying to get better display activity tied in with some of our consumer activity. You saw that in the New Zealand slide, you saw that in the Heinz slide in the UK. We’ve gotten more display activity in the UK in the last 30 days then we’ve probably seen in the last 30 years, its been extremely remarkable. We’re trying to marry it the best way we can with our consumer activity so that we optimize it. Some of its definitely going to price, particularly in brands like ketchup in the US we don’t need to do that in Europe where our ketchup business is really doing well. It’ll just be really up to how we determine the brands can benefit the most and how the operating company’s want to use the money.
Bill Johnson: It depends on the category. Certainly in potatoes where we’ve had slower volume in the second quarter its private label. In ketchup its a combination of second tier brands and private label. In Smart Ones its all brands. Fundamentally the issue is interestingly enough everyone keeps being concerned about Western Europe, the issues have fundamentally been focused on North America. You’ll see North American’s spending up significantly in the second half as I just explained to David.
Bill Johnson: Yes, we’re well on track to deliver the productivity savings we’ve committed to and I think you can see the benefits not only in earnings but in cash flow. Its interesting to me, we haven’t had one comment about cash which more then doubled and has more then quadrupled through the first half. I guess maybe we think cash is more important then you do.  The other thing is right now in terms of how we look at the second half, we’re to date not planning anything dramatic that would require a break out from the P&L. We just continue to run our costs through the P&L as we normally have. The exception to that would be the divestitures related to discontinued ops and we have the two businesses that Art referred to the UK frozen business which we frankly have been trying to divest for a number of years and the Kabobs business. We’ll have a few more of those very small non-strategic and as Art said material impact to the P&L. Other then that I think we remain well on track and I don’t think you’ll see any surprises in the second half of the year regarding any expenses on that area.
Bill Johnson: The key thing to keep in mind is our largest and most important foreign currency is the UK pound. That, as you saw in Q2, is still 8% below where it was Q2 last year. Obviously we have the translation and the transaction impact as you go down through the P&L. Again, as you come back to our sales outlook we are on track with the constant currency sales out look that we gave at the start of the year, the 4% to 6% number is still right on track. We’ll see where currencies go from here. We’ve got some of our currencies largely covered for the third quarter but fourth quarter is largely floating and so we’ve got some variability there and we’ll see where that goes from here. We’re basically letting the currency flow through into the range.
Bill Johnson: We’re predominantly seeing that in ketchup and only in the United States because in Europe we addressed it by introducing a small milliliter product last year. I think in Europe you’ve seen in our 10% organic sales growth for ketchup. In the US if you look at our ketchup business about 35% to 45% of our share loss is related to what’s happened on small sizes.  Our large sizes continue to perform extremely well because the value perception on a relative basis versus private label and competitors is pretty good. As a result, where we are taking action on ketchup is on the smaller sizes to address the very issue you mentioned, price points.  On potatoes we’re seeing something entirely different. In our business, fundamentally is a two pound business in potatoes and we have a larger share in two pounds then private label does yet we’ve never been focused on large size potatoes which would be four pounds or larger. As a result, private label has about two thirds of that category, we have one third and we’re launching three SKUs in large sizes in the second half of the year to address that. Part of that is because consumers see the economy associated with that large size. It really depends on the category and it depends on what consumers are looking for in terms of whether its side of the plate, whether its a condiment or a sauce, whether its a finish meal or a finished product. Fundamentally the only major business we’ve seen that trade down is in ketchup. In our emerging markets we have a bifurcation occurring. We have people buying the premium sizes, the larger sizes, the middle class grows and in places like Indonesia and China we offer small very efficient, very inexpensive pouches so that somebody can buy a soy sauce pouch for example for less then a dime, I think its about $0.07 and then use that as a serving and the next time they go to the store they can buy another one. We’ve pretty much hit that in the markets and the emerging markets in particular. Doy Pack Ketchup in Russia is another one that comes to mind where we take a different package and allow consumers to have their choice of buying down or buying up. In the US we’re looking at options that would allow us to address that trend but fundamentally the major business that felt impact on is US ketchup.
Bill Johnson: The way to look at it is we’re taking the currency and flowing it through and we’re taking the operating upside and reinvesting in the business.
Bill Johnson: There’s a couple ways to look at this thing. One is to look at our inventory in the first half of the year. We took our inventory down dramatically and we’ve taken a fairly sizeable hit from lost absorption. In addition, we’ve taken a cash flow hit from payables because some of those payables change in context of what you’re doing to reduce inventories.  I think what we expect to see in the second half of the year is continued discipline on inventory because we’ve made a lot of progress and we’re not going to give that progress back. We should see some benefits on the absorption side and on the payable side in the second half of the year as volume comes back up.
Bill Johnson: We’re hording it. What we’re doing with it is what we’ve always done with it, supporting our dividend, looking at bolt on acquisitions. We made a small deal in Canada yesterday I’m very, very small in this Arthur’s, a chilled smoothie business. It gets us into a rapidly growing category and another chilled category to tie in with Renee’s in Canada. We continue to look at bringing in our debt down.  Clearly, if we conclude over time and the tax laws change and so forth and there are opportunities to return to repurchasing stock as a way to create value obviously that’s certainly in our quiver. We’ll continue to look at it. Right now focus is on supporting the dividend, bolt on acquisitions like the small Arthur’s deal we announced yesterday, brining down debt, and in share repurchase will sort of be the swing vote in terms of other opportunities on the M&A front and on the dividend front.
Bill Johnson: On Venezuela I want to be careful what we say about Venezuela for a lot of reasons, some which should be rather obvious. In terms of getting cash out we have historically been able to bring dividends out of the country. Let me leave it at that. I think as a company that’s 2.5% to 3% of our sales it is a situation we’re watching carefully but I’m going to be very careful what I say for a lot of reasons including a concern obviously about our team down there and so forth.  A lot of the rest of world benefits came in other places also. Our Mexican business is doing extremely well. Our volume growth in Venezuela is very strong. Our businesses in the Middle East and South America continue to perform the way we expect them to. I’m not trying to skip the question, I’m trying to avoid a problem. There is no doubt that we’re watching the Venezuela situation very carefully as are almost every other multi-national company that operates there.Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Infant nutrition is one of your best growing, fastest growing businesses globally. Any thoughts there in terms of the potential to expand that business. Mead Johnson is now going to be an independent company. Any additional thoughts on how you see that industry playing out and how Heinz plays a role with a pretty attractive growing profit pool.
Bill Johnson: I will give you some generic comments but if you’re expecting me to put my right foot in my mouth to join the left foot that I occasionally put in there I’m not going to do it. On Mean Johnson I’m not going to comment. We continue to look for opportunities in infant feeding as well as our other core categories as the Arthur’s deal I think in Canada showed yesterday.  Places where we think we can drive disproportionate growth where we can create value over a period of time. We think infant feeding is a terrific category and its obviously one of our better performing businesses. We continue to want to add scale and we continue to get bigger. There are lots of ways to do that outside of a major transaction. I think there are plenty of opportunities around the globe that we’re looking at.
Bill Johnson: Its going to be a balancing act. I think we’ve done a better job of virtually anybody in this industry of balancing that recognition with the reality of the marketplace. As a consequence we’ve been able to drive organic growth while maintaining our price and through not getting into the kind of situation you’re describing. Obviously its affected our volume a bit in addition to some promotion related timing that you can’t ignore related to price increases last year in North America on November 1st. Having said that, I think the industry and I’ve been in this industry a long time, I think the industry needs to recognize that we worked very hard to get to the value position we’re at today and I think people ought to be continuing to focus on creating value for consumers in ways other then just price either through innovation that brings consumers benefits they aren’t getting in the other products, packaging changes that allows consumers to buy similar volumes or trade down into lower volumes at better price points or better value perceptions, media that delivers true meaningful messages much like our Complan media does in India and some of our new advertising in the UK does. I think its going to take enormous discipline. My big concern frankly related to the industry, I do not think the industry is going to give back everything its worth but I do think there are going to be examples in the industry where we’re going to have to impose a strong level of discipline and make sure we understand the trade-offs in the promotion activity and marketing activity we undertake that it truly will create sustainable growth. I’ve used this term with all of you before, there’s no point in chasing profitless prosperity which is you’re buying your volume then it goes away the minute you stop buying it. That’s not the way you build the long term business. Having been in this job a long time that’s certainly not a method we’re going to employ.  There is no doubt that in certain categories price points are going to be the name of the game because of the size of private label in that category or the size of the second tier brand or the non-sensible ways people go to try to build businesses. Having been in this job and gone through that several times you cannot build the business on a short term basis. You still have to look long term.  I can tell you I can only speak for the Heinz Company we will continue to take a long term disciplined approach that allows us to crate sustainable growth in our developed markets. In addition, you can’t forget in our case the growth we’re getting out of the emerging markets. One of the focal points of this company, and has been for a long time, as you know we’ve been criticized heavily for it in the past, was the recognition that the developed world was going to get more intentionally competitive and that it would devolve into some of the issues you’re articulating and that the opportunity long term was to create value in these emerging markets as the middle class emerges.  I thought the Wall Street Journal did a nice job for us this morning on the article on Mexico and I think it says a lot about the strength of the management team here that Fernando Pocaterra was quoted about that we have on the ground leaders. I think what you will see in the case of the Heinz Company is disproportionate growth coming out of those markets more and more and shifted investments if we believe we can create more value. I think ultimately this still comes down to leadership and discipline, your ability to innovate, the categories you operate in, the brand strength that you have, and in a willingness to take a little flack occasionally in the market from critics, who shall go nameless, who will point out short term issues that we recognize as are nothing more than that. We will not sacrifice that for a game of profitless prosperity which long term creates no value for anybody.
Bill Johnson: I want to add one comment. One of the benefits of experience and seniority is the ability not to move into denial. I think one of the criticisms that was leveled this industry early on and certainly I think is probably a relevant criticism even going forward is denial. We are not in denial here. We see what’s going on and we know how to react and we’re taking appropriate actions. I can’t promise that all those will work but I can sure promise you we will take appropriate actions in recognition of doing things that will drive value not destroy value.  I think denial is a dangerous thing and I think that comes from inexperience, sometimes it comes from other areas like lack of judgment. We are not in denial. We see what’s going on. We understand what’s going on and we’re going to deal with it the way we think is appropriate. I hope we’re right long term in creating value.
Art Winkleblack: We’re doing well on gross margin so we’re pleased with the performance on that so far. As we look forward we do think that there will be some moderation in some of our commodity costs. We do still see the same headwind from tin plate and tomatoes and potatoes that we mentioned. As we look forward we do think gross margin will be a bit better and will be up to prior year so I think we’re in line with or better then the plans that we laid out from a gross margin standpoint.
Art Winkleblack: We’re on track for our constant currency numbers so we’re feeling good about that. As you saw, we’re off to a good start there for the first half of the year and expect solid results in the second half as well. That piece of it in line with expectations. In terms of the divestitures, whatever divestitures come will end up being in discontinued operations so sort of a set aside from continuing ops which is what we’re focused on. The key there that you need to be aware of is that any of these divestitures that we might do will not have a material impact on ongoing profitability of the company and that’s why continuing operations is the appropriate measure. 
Art Winkleblack: Interest expense has been relatively low in the first half. That will step up a bit in the back half largely because we had some income items and interest income. Interest expense is not as big a variability but less interest income in the back half. I think we’ve been averaging $60 million a quarter so in the first half that’ll be $10 million higher each quarter as we go forward.
Art Winkleblack: In the second half of the year I think we’ll be in line, ex the pound with whatever the currency impact it. I think you’ve got to remember the down currencies are hitting us hard too, not only the UK but the Indonesian rupiah that’s a sizeable business, the ruble and the vloty are also taking us down. We should be up commensurate with whatever the currency impact is say 6% to 8% right now which would factor in the decline in the UK. We’re going to be right on the constant currency number. If currency is worth nine it will be nine, if its worth five it will be five. We’re tracking right against that constant currency number.
Art Winkleblack: We’re pretty much flowing through the currency upside, the base business is on track as I mentioned.
Art Winkleblack: We took up the range both top and bottom by $0.12 so its around that range probably $0.12 to $0.15 or so. I’ve got to tell you we’re still early in the year, we’re half way through. What exactly foreign currency is going to be, who knows. We think we’re comfortable at that point. As Bill mentioned, we’re investing heavily in the businesses as we go forward. We feel good about the base business results, the constant currency results we’re on track to what we had said earlier in the year and oh by the way we’re investing even more then we had originally anticipated.
Art Winkleblack: The big improvement is the six day reduction in inventories. The way we think about it is that AR securitization and pension largely are targeted to balance. As you saw in Q2 there was much more pension outflow then securitization inflow.
Art Winkleblack: That’s still a very fragmented category particularly as you look at many of the emerging markets. Lots of ways to grow over time both organically and through acquisition.
Ed McMenamin: In the first quarter we had a fair amount of asset securitization that we talked to you about. The second quarter it was very, very small and the pension fund far outweighed.
Ed McMenamin: Year to date about $130 million of asset securitization of, about $220 million pension of which about $200 is discretionary.
Ed McMenamin: The other thing I would point out is if you think about our fiscal year and where the industry is, we’re overlapping the boom times and have been up until about now. As we look forward you’re going to be overlapping a different kind of environment and so it will be interesting to see that as we’re lapping the new economy, the new environment, things stabilize a bit and become easier going forward.
