Miguel Patricio: Well thank you Anne-Marie and thank you everyone. Thanks for joining us today.  Before opening the call for questions, I would like to thank the entire Kraft Heinz team. We have proven again that our strategy works, generating top-line growth fueled by the three pillars, while reinvesting margin gains into the business. But while we did lose share in the quarter, as price gaps have stayed wider for longer than we would have liked, we are managing the business for the long term and still generated mid-single-digit top-line growth within the range of what we expected.  As you may remember on the last earnings call, we introduced four action plans to drive share. We have seen those plans take hold, and they have led to improving results each month within the quarter, building momentum into the second half of the year.  The continued execution of these action plans and the lapping of last year's pricing are expected to drive improving volume trends in the second half of 2023 and into 2024. Our results give me continued confidence in our strategy and in our business, and I'm pleased to reiterate our full year guidance.  With that, I have Andre and Carlos joining me. Rafael [ph] is on a well-deserved vacation with his family, so let's open the call for Q&A. 
Miguel Patricio: Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the question. I will ask Carlos to answer, since I believe it's related to the U.S. retail. 
Miguel Patricio: Yes. No, thank you. You know, I think if you look at our GROW platforms, which continue to drive our priority and our strategy, those actually in consumption remain very strong. I think if you think about Taste Elevation growing 8% for the quarter, Easy Meals growing 6% in the quarter. In those cases, the difference between organic and our consumption were specifically in Easy Meals, where there was an inventory de-load in the beginning part of the quarter that as I said earlier, it continued to improve as we go into – as we go forward.  And I think for us is, that remains – our strategy remains – the fact that the consumption continued to improve as we go through the quarter and the performance we saw in those, I think supports our continued focus on that strategy as we go into the second half of the year. 
Miguel Patricio: Let me answer that one. I would do everything again. We’ve had very high inflation, and we are leaders in the vast majority of categories where we play, and it's our role as leaders to try to compensate these price increases with – this inflation with price increase. So I would do everything again. I mean, we can always go back on price if we think we have to or when we have to, but we had to lead price increases. So yes, that would be my answer to you. 
Miguel Patricio: I just want to thank you all for the time and for the attention and the patience with us. So thank you so much, and hope to talk to you and to see you very soon. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Good morning, Andrew. You know the way that kind of I look at it is that if you look at the industry as a whole, today's promotional levels are as you said, still below 2019. What we are seeing is that our branded competitors are actually closer to those levels, and what we are working on is how do we continue to make sure that we act with a thought of protecting our margins and building the virtuous cycle as we continue to improve on our marketing, continue to improve our services, our innovation, and importantly that we stay focused on driving the revenue management needed in order for us to be rational in terms of the effectiveness of our promotions. So if you look at our promotions this year, we actually have been very effective and efficient. We actually are generating attractive ROIs in investments. I think the numbers right now are up 50 points versus 2019, and that's true because the focus that we have on those agile AI Driven Revenue Management Tools, that we are applying to making sure that every promotion does have that kind of true ROI return.  Now, on top of that, we're also making sure that we are working to maximize the opportunity on those promotions, so the quality of our merchandising, especially when you look at displays continue to improve, and in fact our share of displays continue to see increasingly improvements over the first quarter.  So I think all together what I would say is, our focus continues to be very much leveraging our revenue management tool, continue to focus and drive in the investments in terms of marketing innovation, which you will know will make sure that improve our view as we go into the second half of the year and on to 2024. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: John, thanks for the question. I'll say, I think some of the parts were a little hard to understand, but I think I got the gist of your question. Related to the second half that we think about promotional level, and we have said this in final calls and within our guidance, there is a step up that we'll do in promotional levels as we go into the second half of the year in selected categories, but always with a disciplined approach of positive returns.  What I would add to is that, one of the things that we are able to do with our promotional investment to improve the effectiveness of those things, of that investment, is to make sure we level the entire portfolio and that we are thinking through how do we make sure we have the right product selection to the right audiences.  So for us, when you look at our, whether it's back to season, and we combine the different kind of categories that we can bring together, as we think about back to school in which we can bring in Lunchables and our Capri Sun business together, that idea of us being able to kind of go into the retail environment and actually leverage the entire scale of our business allows us to be more effective in terms of the returns of those promotions. So it's both, looking at the true ROI, through the AI management tools that we have, as well as maximizing our presence in store, leveraging our scale.  The last thing I will say is, as we think about going into the second half of the year, we're also seeing consumers behaving in a way, in two different kind of camps. They are the consumers who are going to be looking for those more, I would say larger packs in which they are going to look for the value by looking at the total size of the products that they are going to get and why we are introducing more products in the club type of packages, whether that is in our Mac and Cheese, in our Lunchables and you see that that is focused on driving that particular type of behavior with consumer effectiveness.  There's also going to be a number of programs specifically to making sure that we are keeping consumers who are also focused on the cash flow within our categories, which is why we also have been introducing more of the smaller package, more of the dollar type of products that allows us to maintain our consumers within the category for longer. So we're approaching that in those two prongs, at the same time, always looking at making sure we have the right ROI in every investment that we make. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes Brian, what I would add is that, first of all on the comment on private label. Private label shares trends actually have been flat since you looked at it. In fact since second half of 2022, even with increasing price gaps that we had after our price impact in February. So we have taken that pricing to protect our margins, and some branded competitors have not followed, but at the same time, we continue to stay diligent on the way we think about the business. Now, in the points that Andrew just mentioned, in terms of – as we think about going forward, why is it that we see the moderation of our improvement? I'll give you three reasons on the way kind of I look at it as we go into the second half of the year into 2024 in the U.S. retails. You know number one, we're investing more in marketing, we're launching more innovation, and we are lapping the pricing actions as we go into second half of the year.  And just to unpack it one more level, if you think about the innovation that we are seeing right now, we are actually building momentum as we go into the year, as we are following this kind of two-pronged strategy innovation. First, you're going to see us continue to launch more disruptive innovation platforms, and that includes things like our NotCo line of plan-based offerings, the new Crisp from the Microwave, which delivers great taste and all the convenience, and the restaurant-to-retail platform, and you see that already with things like the IHOP® Coffee line.  The second part of the innovation is also how do we take our existing brands into new spaces. Already, we introduced a new frozen Mac and Cheese. We are expanding our Delimex and Taco Bell into more spaces with the Mexican meals, and as we speak, we're also launching new Oscar Mayer scramblers as we continue to expand on the Brexit platform.  So you see, it's comprehensive in terms of how we are approaching innovation in order to continue to shape the categories as we increase its shelf space and quality display as we go forward, and that's already paying us. And in fact, just to give you a factoid, if you look at our Lunchables, we are creating a new golden wall in Lunchables as we go into a second half, and we are seeing that in some of our top customers that increases about 40% our space within the shelf.  So again, it's not only thinking through the kind of promotional event, but also what we're doing in terms of our driving, volume-driving activities that are important as we go forward. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: The one thing I guess I would add to that too is that, if you think about innovation, it's not just kind of the launching innovation, but what the innovation allows you to actually perform in market. So when I mention things like us being able to improve our presence and expanding our shelving on things like Lunchables because of the innovation. And in Lunchables for example, we are going to new locations. So we're doing – already announced yesterday, we're doing pilots on taking Lunchables into the pro section; we're launching innovation in schools; we are expanding our presence in vending. All that actually helps us strengthen our overall kind of performance in stores.  We also are doing that in Philadelphia cream cheese. If you think about a year – a year ago, this is actually going to be the first holiday season in which we're going to go into the holidays with full service on Philadelphia cream cheese and that's true for the last several years. So now we have an opportunity to actually truly kind of leverage our power of our brand, make sure we build that kind of our shelf display, as we go into this one of the most important seasons for Philadelphia business.  And we also changed to that too in coffee. I mentioned earlier, the fact that we had a new line with IHOP in terms of bringing coffee, a new IHOP coffee into the stores. That actually allows us to also expand our coffee category into the stores and actually win additional spaces as we go into the second half of the year. So the innovation plays a couple of roles. It both attracts consumers and shapes our category to grow, but it also helps us expand our presence in order to increase the volume as well. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Let me build on that point from Andre. I think that the only sustainable way to keep increasing our investments behind the brand and to grow our volumes and shares for the future is by improving gross margins and investing back in marketing, R&D and technology, which is exactly what we are doing.  Because we had very high, very good gross margin this quarter, we could increase marketing this quarter by 23%. We could increase R&D by 10%. We could increase our investments in technology. And as Andre said, that was possible because in one side, yes, we had price increases, but on the other side, because we are every month delivering more and more efficiencies in supply, we're excited with that part as well and that's my answer. 
Andre Maciel: Hi Ken. Good morning. As we have said in previous remarks, we expect to gradually go towards the long-term model. It might happen that we're going to reach there between Q3 and Q4, but you should expect like revenue to be gravitating towards that, yes. 
Andre Maciel: Yes. Yes, we are not changing our capital allocation policy now. So as we said, our priority has been to fund the business organically and I think we have been doing that very consistently.  We – for us to maintain the dividends that we have, which provided a very attractive yield is critical and I think we feel good about our rating now, the level of the grade we had in the past 16 months.  M&A, as we said before continues to be something that we actively look at. We’d like to – as we said in the remarks, we mentioned that multiple times, so we have been very disciplined in how we're doing that. But there is no change at this point. I mean we're always taking into consideration market dynamics and our capital structure, but we don't have anything new to say at this point. 
Andre Maciel: But what we have said Andre here, what we have seen throughout these past three years is that we can have very attractive lifts without having to go as deep. And I think that that, when you look across, at least based on data from my review [ph], that's what we have been observing for ourselves and I think that still remains true moving forward.  The other thing that as Carlos mentioned, that I think moving forward we're going to start to see more and more increasing importance of mix, and that's vis-a-vis only doing more promotions or playing with these prices. So I think we're going to be hearing a lot more about mix-related actions. 
Andre Maciel: And it's mostly, it's a seasonal factor, because in Q4 we typically sell-through. We're over-investing products in higher margins. If you look just for generality, aside [inaudible] Q2 is higher than Q3, because we ship a lot of greeting [ph] season, which has higher margin, we ship for summer. And then in Q4, we have items like cream cheese, gravies, and other items like that have very high margin, desserts. So that's why it's just mixed related. 
Andre Maciel: Yes, I think there's a couple of things. If we look versus the bottom, the last two, three months we have seen the price gaps narrowly moving favorably to us, so getting closer. So there is certain contribution coming from that. And also, all the other actions that we outlined in the remarks, right. So we had to do some pockets of challenges in service that is now getting behind us. I think the only big remaining item is cold cuts. That as we said is going to be recovered by end of Q3 or the Q4. We have innovations starting to ramp up, and I think Carlos can give more color on that. 
Andre Maciel: Yes. Look, our price – our price in Q2 as you saw was close to 11%, and the reason why we saw higher elasticity and higher volume decline as I said before is because of the expanded price gaps. Now moving forward, these price gaps are not getting worse. If anything, they are slightly getting better. So as you head into the second half, as we continue to lap price, we still have valuable price that happened last year, so that you're going to be lapping starting now in Q3, and even we had another round that implemented Q4 last year. So we have two rounds of price still to lap in the United States alone.  So beyond the pricing side, there are other things linked to our action plans that will help us to step up the share level that we are at today. I think Carlos can speak about that. 
Andre Maciel: So volume expected to improve as a function of lapping prices from last year. We still have two rounds to lap. Innovation ramping up. Shelf resets in the fall. That I think would be favorable to us, that's the expectation and service level recovery, particularly in cold cuts. 
Andre Maciel: So commodities in general continue to come down, and as hedges roll off and our contracts get adjusted, some of them are based on indexes. We are seeing costs continue to move favorably, which has been allowing us to expand the gross margin, and by consequence has been allowing us to accelerate the investment behind the business, particularly in marketing, R&D and technology. [Cross Talk]
Andre Maciel: I don't think there is a particular one. I mean our portfolio is large, there are so many commodities in the business. There is a general movement of commodities coming down. The exceptions to that sale are tomato, potato, that have bad crops, and sweetness. Other than that, we are seeing generally commodities moving favorably. 
Andre Maciel: And the only thing I would say is remember that we never get to be very systematic in terms of pricing to offset the inflation, and that's what we have done. We have no price ahead of inflation. If you look at our gross margin in Q2, it's still slightly below 2021 levels.  And the other thing that is worth mentioning in the gross margin, we showed that in prepared remarks. Our efficiency plan is trending very well, and we are ahead of – we are pacing ahead of the $500 million that we have said we’ll deliver by the year, so another good news. 
Andre Maciel: And I expect that people noted the difference as well, how they are operating, because we have been intentionally opting to use those resources, to put back in the long term behind marketing and technology. We could have opted to be adding more promotions, but that would not make sense, because we’d be adding promotions to low return. We are thinking about the long term here. I hope people note the difference of how they are being – they are getting the big base very different.
