Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide four for a quick update of our performance in the United States. If you recall at the start of the year, I described one of our goals as delivering stable top line performance during a year of significant transformation. And so far that's what we have done. We've been able to maintain solid momentum in the marketplace in a number of categories that we placed Big Bets on with new products and/or advertising support. This includes Heinz sauces, which grew at mid-single digits, driven by the introduction of barbecue sauce, year two of mustard and the share growth of ketchup; Philadelphia Cream Cheese, ready-to-eat refrigerated desserts; and Lunchables, which are all growing at mid- to high-single digits. However, these gains were more than offset by weak consumption trends in categories like roast and ground coffee, frozen nutritional meals and hot dogs. On one hand there are no new major categories that I would add to this list. On the other hand, we do need to move faster to adjust in the marketplace and ensure that these challenging categories do not mask the successes we are achieving with our Big Bets innovations and investments in marketing. Our new product initiatives for 2016 are working well, particularly the renovation of Kraft Mac & Cheese and Capri Sun ready-to-drink organic beverage, the introduction of Heinz Barbecue Sauces, and the introduction of Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese. The second factor I would highlight is that our Q2 shipments were consistent with measured channels consumption, in line with our expectation from our last call. And you may have seen recent SCANA data was affected by the timing of the 4th of July holiday versus the prior year. Adjusting for that, our consumption would have been down roughly 2% in the second quarter. So shipments were essentially in line with consumption. I would also note that we continue to add new business, or whitespace, in both food service and non-traditional retail channel during the second quarter. However, food service was down versus prior year in Q2 due to program timing with customers, incremental commodity-related price decline as well as minor service level problems during the quarter. Which brings me to our integration program execution. During the quarter, the bulk of our integration activity shifted to supply chain and operations activities, including an SAP integration go-live, which was completed in the quarter. Thus far, our service levels remain good for most of our product groups, with some challenges in the cold cut segment of our meat business as well as minor disruptions in food service in the month of May that was quickly corrected. Overall, as Bernardo mentioned, our savings are coming in faster than planned; and we are achieving these savings without sacrificing quality. For the balance of the year, our key objectives will be two-fold. First, we must continue to execute our footprint integration while minimizing disruption. Second, we will step up our in-store activity, including a strong agenda of new product introduction we have planned for the second half. Look for new product introductions in our desserts, cheese and frozen categories in the months ahead, which follow the rollout of our new Devour frozen meal this past month. As I hope you can see, it is an exciting time for Kraft Heinz in the United States. Our plate is full, and our opportunity for profitable growth is significant. Our job is to deliver in the marketplace. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to wrap up our comments.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Alexia. This is George here. I'll take these questions. First, if you're wondering which inning we are in, we are in the pregame. So what we have done in revenue management, we have established the infrastructure to manage across 30 to 40 categories in the U.S. What you have seen so far is not what we have realized from revenue management. This is yet to come. What you have seen so far, some improvement due to minimization of negative ROI promotional activities. And not going into large, deep discounting promotional activity. Also what you have seen probably, the availability of merchandising has reduced at retailers, which means the average price per pound has gone up. So that's what you have seen. The relationship with retailers is very strong. We work as straight partners, because we're both in the industry here to serve the consumers that is changing rapidly.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Jon, thank you for your question. George again. I will take this question. Really there are a number of variables, and they're not the same by category. It depends on our position, whether we are the market leader, and how we measure our relative market share, the brand equity strength, and the ability to price, and the relative market share to other competitors in the market. That's one piece driven by consumer demand. And the second piece is our profitability posture. And depending on where commodity pricing at. So it is not one thing that fit all. It depends on a number of variables.
Georges El-Zoghbi: No, the difference between now and five years ago is consumers' attitude towards brands and category has changed significantly. And the availability of merchandising has reduced. So you wouldn't have done these things five years ago. So – and that's not due to the way we operate or we measure promotion, rather due to the changes around us in the marketplace.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Bryan. I will answer your question on the environment and I will pass it on to Bernardo to follow up the second part of the question. The challenging environment is nothing new. However, it accelerated a little bit over the past 12 months or so. And the way we are dealing with that is by investing more in new product development program in line with where consumer trends are now, and where they are going in the future. And we're increasing our investment and supporting our big brands. This is the best way to deal with consumer. The one thing we're not doing is throwing money to try to get quick sales. We are resisting that temptation, and we believe it's better for us in the long term to invest in sustainable growth. As for the second part of the question, I'll pass it on to Bernardo.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yeah. Thank you for your question, Michael. A number of promotion – a number of new products started in the past 18 months, usually the cycle that it takes to do a new product and we have a stage and gate approach that we can sometimes accelerate and sometimes get project to drop off. That's the process that we have used. The Big Bets that we launched this year, they were in the former companies independently worked on, and we launched them in the Q1 and Q2. They weren't affected by any disruption from the integrations. The three big ones for us this year have been the Heinz Barbecue Sauces, which was launched early this year and it's doing very well. The Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese, also another premium one, selling at a significant premium to the Kraft Mac & Cheese and it is our best-selling one out of the new product development. And Capri Sun Organic. To put something like this it takes – it takes at least 12 months, so they all started pre and during – and worked on during the merger. We also launched a new brand called Devour, just launched it in the marketplace in frozen meals segment. And that was done about two months ago. And that was project that we started in late last year, so that happened after the merger. And we got to launch the brand and we're very excited about providing a big marketing support to launching that new brand. So the reality is some of them started before, some of them started after, none of them were affected or disrupted by integrating the two businesses together.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Rob. First, I'm pleased to tell you that our service rate across Kraft Heinz in the United States has been really good. It's in the 98% CFR. We have the isolated issue in the cold cuts, where the demand and capacity are not matching during the footprint. And we would be over it very soon, and it's affecting our sliced meats business. So we know what needs to be done. It's a capacity thing. And as we have new lines coming on-stream, that would be resolved over the longer term. So it is not something that will persist with us for a long period of time. We believe that the rest of the portfolio is in very, very good shape, some of the best CFRs I've ever seen in the rest of the portfolio.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yeah, Rob, you may be referring to the Farm to Fridge Fresh in Six Days on the Philadelphia farm fresh campaign that we did. We put new technology. And we renovated a product segment over a year ago. And we are very, very pleased with the performance of this brand. It's sustaining a mid- to high-single digit growth, gaining market share from its already strong position. So that's one of the technologies. And we are putting new technologies on the other range to freshen up the product. But that's the one we referred to in previous call.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Well, not just within cheese. We keep looking at every category within our portfolio and see what is it that we can do to improve the quality of our product and make product that consumer really want to consume.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Jason, for the question. Coffee, I always like to break down coffee into a number of segments, because we are seeing a tale of two worlds in coffee. One is the roast and ground coffee, and two is the pods coffee. The pods is a very healthy business. And it's been growing now for years. However, the growth has subsided a little bit. It moved from the double-digits that we all used to see to mid-single digit growth. And that is a very healthy category. And as you know, we innovated greatly in this category over the past few years. And we continue to do so. In roast and ground, the category has been in persistent decline for quite some time, as consumers are moving into the more premium and the pods business. The way we are dealing with this, we will bring some innovation to this category. But the bigger innovation is coming from pod. So that's where we think the growth will continue in the future.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: And, George, just to add, I think you answered very properly the question here of Jon and Alexia. I just wanted to add, when you talk about revenue management, I think it's important to understand that that's the tool in connection to a lot of things that are happening in the marketplace. So it's never in itself in isolation. You're going to be looking at promotions, but you look at market share, you look at innovation, you look at the relationships, things you want to do to build the long-term of the brand. So for sure, we will be looking how we can manage our portfolio the best way possible. In that sense, the revenue or management piece is an important tool in the middle of several other ones. So I highly recommend you don't think about revenue management in isolation because it's never the case that we run the business anywhere.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Andrew, thanks. This is Paulo here. Right, we are just over $300 million in savings for the second quarter and again, if you annualize this number, you are going to get to roughly $1.2 billion which is around 80% of our current target for 2017 for $1.5 billion. The majority of the org and ZBB savings, they are already implemented although we are still expecting some more savings coming from the ZBB bucket. And again, going forward the majority of the savings that we expect for our plan will come from the footprint initiative that we have. That being said, I think it's important to keep in mind that these savings they should also offset the expected inflation that we have for the following year. Our target is $1.5 billion net of inflation for 2017. And again, we will continue to update our expectations every quarter but no change in our estimates so far.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: No, sure. When you think about our North America EBITDA growth, our North America EBITDA grew around $350 million. Again, just over $300 million came from the saves initiatives and the rest pretty much is coming from commodity favorability in the second quarter.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: No, that's correct. We expect the majority of the CapEx initiatives from fruit remains (48:41) to be executed during the 2016.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thanks, Bryan. I think the second part of your question about if that change or – and how this correlates to M&A there, I think George answered very well. We're excited about the perspective of the business. We have a lot to do here and it's still to fix some categories, to put more wood on the fire in a lot of categories, and to really push our agenda of profitable growth. In respect to M&A, we really don't comment on the speculations and hypotheticals. As Paulo mentioned, our integration is going well but we still have important milestones to be overcome in the next 6 months to 12 months. But we're always going to be looking for further opportunities, but outside that we really don't comment.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: No, it's not. We believe with and without acquisition we have a lot of value creation to be created in this business.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Yeah. Hi, Jason. It's Bernardo. I can answer this question. I think you're right. With 2016, we always said and continue to believe in the near that we are – we establish ourselves through the Kraft brand, establishing the supply chain, getting the foundation right so we can really push to the next steps 2017 and beyond. That being said, it's a reality today that Planters and Mac & Cheese in the U.K., that we're able to launch at the end of the first half and continue to gain distribution through the system in the U.K. I have Planters with solid plans to arrive in China still this year. I have Mac & Cheese with solid plans to arrive in Brazil still this year. And I have a couple of other markets in Middle East and Europe that are focused on part of this – of this portfolio. Like we always said, we wanted to select fewer but big brands and segments in about 8 countries to 10 countries to establish ourselves in the next two years to three years in a big way and we continue to follow this path.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Steve. Look, I don't think it's one or the other, right? I think George mentioned the (49:25) I was talking about expansion. We saw the best performance in the second quarter in Europe even in the first quarter even not being where we wanted to be. But when you see your question and given the footprint you have from a manufacturer's standpoint, I think we can believe and to the categories you operate that we can't push profitable growth through – in mature markets like U.S., Canada, Europe and also in more emerging markets in whitespace opportunities like Brazil, Russia, China and others. So I wouldn't select one or the other. I think after the footprint activity, especially United States and Canada, we will have the capabilities given the investment we are making to really push an agenda of profitable growth so the market can be expanded and our supply chain will be able to cope with that.
