William R. Johnson: Yes, I think, Ken, as we continue to expand even more outside the United States and particularly in some of these emerging markets that have low flat taxes, there are real opportunities for tax planning and our guys do a very good job of exercising those opportunities and leveraging them. So our view is going forward, as Art said, for certainly next fiscal year, I think we feel pretty good about being fairly consistent with this year. I'm not going to say anything beyond next fiscal year because I have no idea what's going to happen to tax regimes around the world. But certainly, for the next 6 quarters, the 2 this year and next year -- the 4 next year, we should be in pretty good shape.
William R. Johnson: Well, let me step back and let's talk about the category for a minute and then I'll come back and talk specifically about our business. The category over the last 5 years has lost 20 million cases, about 1/3 of the total category volume. It's lost $500 million in sales. Within that period, our overall business, as we define it, is up 2.5 to 3 share points. Currently, what we're seeing is very strong performance on our breakfast business, good performance in some of our sides in terms of the snacks. And our base entrée business, we are not promoting as aggressively as maybe we could and that's a decision we've made. And so the focus has really been in frozen on getting Ore-Ida and our snacks business growing, which we did very successfully in the second quarter. So generally, Smart Ones was not as strong in the second quarter as I think we would have liked. We'll see how the season plays out. But my bigger issue, Alexia, continues to be the nutritional category where the industry has lost about 1/3 of its sales over the last 5 years. And so rather than chasing volume in a category that's still not sure where it's going, we're planning on innovation. We're doing a lot of good things, particularly in breakfast, which is the fastest-growing daypart in the freezer case and really focusing our other efforts on Ore-Ida and our frozen snacks businesses, which are performing quite well.
William R. Johnson: It's doing very well in the Hispanic markets where we've supported it with multilingual advertising, Spanish language advertising, particularly on the West Coast, parts of the Southwest and on the Northeast. And so I would say it's been a key component of our success in this market. It's moved into the top 10 SKUs that we sell in those areas. In other markets, I think we need to do a better job of getting a more prominent distribution. But generally, it's playing in line in most markets with where we thought it would be and the Hispanic market's doing much better. I think outside the U.S., DOYPACK continues to be an incredible boon to the business. In Indonesia, it's -- majority of our growth is coming in condiments and sauces, which is being led by DOYPACK; same thing in Russia. The launch in Mexico has been nothing more than a heroic success. In fact, we can't supply baby food in Mexico. We've just started up another line in Guadalajara, but we are literally out of stock. We launched 3 SKUs in baby food last year. We're now up to 5, soon to be 7 or 8. Our share is now in double digits. And the same thing on ketchup where we're now close to a 20 share in Mexico from 0, 3 or 4 years ago. And again, most of that is being driven by DOYPACK. We've launched it in the U.K. So DOYPACK is going to be a clear component of the company's success going forward, particularly given the price point. And in the U.S., I'm pleased with where we are in the Hispanic markets and I think we'll see more upside going forward from DOYPACK. And I think the other thing you can count on is a lot more DOYPACK initiatives around the company, both in developed and emerging markets, going beyond just ketchup.
William R. Johnson: It would, Thilo, if we had a big presence in dollar stores, which we don't. I mean, we are just now getting into dollar stores. We cracked Dollar General on Ore-Ida with a substantial distribution gain on 1.5-pound Ore-Ida bags. And so for us, as a company that's grossly underdeveloped in dollar stores, no, it is not an issue for us yet. It is still a significant opportunity for future growth. And frankly, DOYPACK is still not fully penetrated in dollar stores. It's done very well in the bodegas and very well in the Hispanic-branded markets around the U.S. So no, for us, it is not an issue yet. Talk to me in 2 years and maybe at that point in time it will be. But no, I don't think right now I'm concerned about that. I'm concerned about getting it on the shelf in dollar stores.
William R. Johnson: Yes, a couple of responses to that. First, if you back out T.G.I.F. in the quarter, the U.S. business was up over 4 points in volume growth. So the U.S. business is responding to the marketing, which is, frankly, a balance of promotion and media and traditional marketing support. And I think we feel pretty good about where we're headed from a volume standpoint once we get the noise of T.G.I.F. behind us and we do have to address the Smart Ones question that was raised earlier. I think from a profit standpoint, I would be very pleased this year with the U.S. company coming in plus or minus a few points versus last year. It will just depend on how much investment we make in the second half. We had a significant increase, and I want to underline the word significant in the second quarter. We don't break out marketing spending by business unit for a lot of obvious reasons. But it is not unreasonable to say marketing spending in the U.S. was up well into the double digits in the second quarter, the bulk of that behind ketchup and the Hispanic advertising and some advertising in the Southeast and Ore-Ida in addition to some stuff we have done on Classico and frankly on snacks. So I think I feel better about the prospects of the U.S. going forward from a top line standpoint and a share standpoint. The most recent share, as I said, 65% volume growth in my comments. But in the last 4 weeks, volume share growth was almost 78% of the total business, so we are seeing a response. But there's no doubt that we are intentionally pressuring profits in the U.S. this year as we work to restore the top line growth. Fortunately, we're able to do that not only because of the tax rate, but because of the strength of the Foodservice business and the strength of our Emerging Markets businesses in terms of growing the bottom line. So I think one of the benefits of running a portfolio company like we do is it gives us an enormous amount of flexibility in terms of where we reprioritize investment. And so I think you'll see significant investment increases in the U.S. as we continue to drive the top line.
William R. Johnson: Well, I've been pretty consistent, Chris, for almost 4 years saying I'm not going to chase a declining market and I continue to believe that. So we're monitoring the market and trying to be as balanced and nuanced as we can in terms of how we prioritize our investment dollars. And right now I'm getting a significant positive return on Ore-Ida, I'm seeing a good response in frozen snacks and I'm seeing a terrific growth upside in ketchup. And so as a consequence of that, we'll put the investments behind where we're seeing the growth. If I put a lot of investment behind Smart Ones and I'm chasing a declining market, there's just not going to be the return I want. So as I said, breakfast is doing well. You continue to see us focus on breakfast. We've got a lot of new activity coming during the season in terms of innovation and some new products. And then we've got some interesting things over the longer term that you'll see over the next 6 to 12 months in Smart Ones. I certainly don't want to imply that we're walking away from the business because we're not. It's critically important to us. But I think you can read into that, that the dollars we're allocating for investment in the freezer case we're going to put first where we're getting our best return, which, in this case right now, is Ore-Ida and snacks and we'll manage the Smart Ones business the best way we can. And right now I will tell you that I still think innovation and marketing behind Smart Ones is the way to go rather than get into a football promotion initiative that ultimately nobody wins. But until the category starts stabilizing again, I just hate like heck to chase volume.
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think so. And again, David, as I said during the last 4 weeks, we're at 78% of our businesses and volume growth in the U.S. And so what we're trying to understand is where we're getting the best leverage both from a top line standpoint and a bottom line standpoint. That's one of the reasons you saw the margin improve in the quarter because our investments behind our leading margin brands, which would be ketchup and Ore-Ida, gave us a good response in the quarter and I think so we're going to continue to balance it. And I've been very pleased with the turnaround in Ore-Ida. I continue to believe ketchup is still an opportunity in the U.S. I think the new package launch in the U.S. behind something we have an internal name for that basically leads to transforming the ketchup category is something that we're very excited about. We've launched 38- and 34-ounce sizes, and in specialty items in 14-ounce sizes the consumer response in research has been extraordinary. The Hispanic response in terms of where we are with our marketing efforts has been great. So what we're doing is we're choosing and prioritizing against where we think the greatest leverage is to the P&L and to the top line. And so yes, I mean, it's not necessarily an issue of triage, but it is going to be an issue who's going to give me the best return for incremental dollars.
William R. Johnson: Yes, it's a story of 2 tales really, 2 cities. Virtually every other business in the Rest of the World segment grew margin, including Brazil, which grew their margin significantly. It was an issue of Venezuela. And part of the issue in Venezuela relates to the timing of the elections and the trade backing off in terms of buying product and the inflation rate, which we have not been able to price up to in the Venezuelan market. So I think if you back Venezuela out of the Rest of the World, you'll see a dramatically different margin growth story, particularly in Brazil where I was very pleased; we grew margins 200 to 300 basis points in the quarter in Brazil. I think the second thing that you need to keep in mind is we are coming off in the Rest of the World an incredible quarter last year. We are up 150 basis point slam and a 150% last year on operating profit. And so we knew Rest of World from a bottom line standpoint was not going to have the kind of quarter we had last year. But I have to tell you the Brazilian business has been nothing more than a continued surprise to me in terms of how well it is doing. We're seeing continued growth in Mexico, great performance in the rest of Latin America x Venezuela and really strong results coming out of the Middle East. And so I feel pretty good about where we are. But Venezuela is the story of the Rest of World in the second quarter in terms of the dilution on margin. And that will address itself over time as they finish the elections in December on a state basis and then we get some clarity on what's going to happen going forward.
William R. Johnson: The plan has not changed, but you're looking at actual currency as opposed to constant currency. I mean, we were up 13% in the second quarter and we're up year-to-date between 8% and 10%.So I think we're tracking right where we thought we would be. And I will tell you some of that marketing may be deployed a little differently in the second half of the year. We may put some back in promotion depending on the market and depending on where we are. But we are still on track for the investments, significant investments, and boots on the ground in the Emerging Markets. And it's really interesting, if you look at the 3 markets that benefited the most, China condiments and sauces, Russia and Brazil and so those are our 3 best-performing Emerging Market businesses along with Indonesia during the second quarter and through the first half of the year. I mean, Russia sales organically were up around 14%. Obviously, condiments and sauces that you saw in China up around 20% and Brazil up around 33%. So we're seeing a very good response from that. We've made significant investments in SAP, particularly in Canada and now in Europe. We've just turned Spain on following the success in Germany. So we continue to roll out those investments. Marketing spend, as I said, on a constant currency basis, is up 8% to 10% so far this year, very strong in the second quarter. So we're about where we thought we would be, David. I think the qualification I'll give you is in the second half, if we see better leverage on the promotions side that's where we'll go. Now having said that, I want to be clear that promotion spending as defined by deal spending for the company is not up year-on-year through the first half of the year. I won't be any more specific than that for a lot of reasons, but we are not up. So the opportunity to deploy differently will be predicated on the category, the country, the business and where the opportunities are. But we're still tracking for a double-digit increase in marketing spending on the year on a constant currency basis, which is how we defined it in May, and through a substantial improvement in capabilities around the company and we're seeing really good returns on that. Even SAP in Europe, we're starting to see a very positive response from the investments into Benelux a couple of years ago. Spain has gone in extremely well. Germany has gone in well and it allowed us to consolidate the German business into the rest of Continental Europe when we sold the Sonnen business earlier this year. So our plans have not changed. The prioritization of how those dollars are allocated may be modified a bit in the second half.
William R. Johnson: Well, right now we're going to stick with the guidance we have because we haven't moved any of the numbers relative to the guidance. And so I think in that context, Rob, I don't want to be any more enlightened or enlightening in terms of how we're going to do that. The other thing you got to remember, I mean we're dealing with the world right now that we can't figure out. I mean, the turmoil in the world. You tell me how the fiscal cliff is going to be resolved. You tell me how Europe is going to be resolved. You tell me what's going to happen to currency in the second half of the year. You tell me what's going to happen to consumer confidence. And so right now we're sort of sitting pat until we get a better sense certainly as we approach the end of this calendar year and into the beginning of next calendar year how all this stuff unfolds. I mean right now in Europe you're dealing with various austerity and tax regimes that aren't working very well and the efficacy of those is being challenged. We've got consumer unhappiness throughout the European continent, but particularly in Southern Europe and in the Iberian Peninsula. We're seeing similar things happening in the U.S. as foodservice traffic now sort of reflects the anticipation of what's going to happen with the cliff. I don't share the confidence in our political process that others seem to be believing in. And so I think from our standpoint, we're just sitting until we know where we are. The other thing I will tell you, tax is never a certainty. While we feel pretty good about where we are, things happen and so I think we just want to keep where we are going and work from that. I'm pleased with the execution of the company. I'm pleased with where we're headed. I think Emerging Markets continue to look very promising. And if anything, I will continue to invest in more boots on the ground in Emerging Markets before I probably put more into specific marketing. I mean, the boots on the ground is giving us a very solid tangible return in all these markets. I'd like to see us do a little bit more in Indonesia and maybe a little bit more in India. And then we have a lot of other initiatives in place.
William R. Johnson: It's a mix of categories and a mix of countries and a mix of businesses. I think, generally, historical truths are true, which is that if you lower price, consumers will respond. But I think a lot of what we're doing is being driven by mix and the way the sizing, the price points in terms of smaller sizes and in terms of different kinds of recipes and so forth, Jonathan. But yes, I mean I think, as I said a few minutes ago, in response to David's question about marketing spend in the second half, if we believe we can generate a better return by leveraging more promotion as opposed to just generalized traditional marketing, that's the way we will go. But it will depend on the business. In ketchup right now in the U.S., we're getting a great response from very traditional advertising as we are in Ore-Ida after balancing where we needed to be on price. In the Emerging Markets, we're getting very good price and the thing you got to remember in those markets is you have general inflation, which is also being reflected in wages and so forth. So the consumer is not as put off by price and private label is not a big issue. But I think, generally, even in the developed world, private label's no longer showing the kind of growth they did and it's really going to be a function of creating value in the mind of the consumer whether that value manifests itself in terms of better innovation, premium product, superior performance or a combination of promoted volume and/or better price points. It's just going to depend on the category and on where we think we're getting the best return. And clearly, in some of these businesses, price is going to be a better lever than other businesses. Clearly, in other cases, marketing's going to be the better lever and what we're trying to do is evaluate on elasticity basis exactly where we get the greatest leverage.
William R. Johnson: I actually don't have that number. Again, the Top 15 Brands, if you exclude and I think in this case you'd have to take T.G.I.F. out, we're well up over 5% organically. And since much of that was driven by ABC, Brazil and the Heinz brand, I would guess off the top of my mind that 1/3 of that's volume-related and 2/3 of it's price-related, but it could be more like 40-60. There is volume growth in there and there is some price growth in there because of the mix of the Emerging Market businesses in there.
William R. Johnson: I think we'll be right around the 3.8% to 4%. We could be 3.7% or we could be 3.9% because we have a lot of investments in the second half of the year in the Emerging Markets. We're just finishing the Shanghai factory, which I'm hoping will be open early in the new calendar year. We have started the Foshan, China baby food factory, which we're going to try to have open in 2015. We've got a lot of investment going into India. We also have SAP investment coming in the second half of the year. And obviously, the finalization of the Innovation Center in Europe. So there's a fair amount of capital investment established in the second half the year. Frankly, my perspective is the lower I can keep that number, the happier I am as everybody who works for me knows. The reality is given the pressure we have on volume in the Emerging Markets, we have to provide capacity. As I said, we put a new pouch line into Mexico, we have a second one coming very shortly. We have a new pouch line going into Brazil. We're going to have a second one of those coming very shortly. We've got -- we are starting to produce ketchup in Brazil in the next 30 or 40 days. I think you've also got a fair amount of activity in the Asian markets, China, in particular, is an area we're going to have to continue to invest in, but -- so I think we'll be right around that number. To be honest with you, if I had my druthers, I'd try to bring it down. But right now given the SAP implementation and capacity needs I have in the business, I can't. The final thing is we're pretty much out of capacity on Dip & Squeeze. We're going to look at a fourth line on Dip & Squeeze. Where that line goes is yet to be determined. It'll be interesting to see where that line goes. I think you should not assume that line is automatically going into the U.S. but that is a line that we will have to start talking about in the second half of the year because we're out of capacity and the Emerging Markets are all yelling and screaming at me for Dip & Squeeze capabilities. So it's mainly about SAP implementation and about adding capacity in the Emerging Markets where we're getting significant growth.
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think there's a couple of things to keep in mind. One, we're spending lot on marketing. We'd better see that kind of volume growth in the second half the year. Secondly, innovation in the U.K. is up 50% year-on-year in the second half. We have a significant amount of innovation in the Emerging Markets, particularly behind pouch initiatives. We've got a significant amount of innovation coming in the U.S., more of which I'll detail at CAGNY. We have a lot of activity in other parts of Europe as well, particularly in Eastern Europe and Russia. So there's a significant amount of new product activity in the second half of the year and a significant response to the marketing spending that we've initiated in the first half the year, much of which really didn't begin until the second quarter and you'll see a follow-through in the third quarter. So I think in that context, I feel reasonably sanguine. Let me underline those 2 words, reasonably sanguine, about strong volume growth or strong organic sales growth in the second half of the year. The Emerging Markets, as I said, last year at this time, relative to the second half, should be much stronger in the second half of this year than they were in the first half of this year. We're seeing huge pickup in Brazil. Hopefully, the new ketchup line will be ready. We've launched Heinz tomato paste. It's doing very well. The enabling lines we've now put in Mexico will allow us to start shipping baby food more aggressively. What we're doing in Indonesia with the launches in the second half, which are all predominantly condiments and sauces launches; a lot of activity in terms of our expansion of our food -- of our condiments and sauces business in China, as well as some food service initiatives; and the focus on ketchup, the continued strength of ketchup in the European continent; and then just the general success of Russia should help us drive volume in the second half of the year. I feel pretty good about the third quarter. The fourth quarter is really where we're going to have the big measurement year-on-year. But the forecasts coming in from our operating teams are all pretty optimistic about volume growth. There is organic sales growth in the second half of the year. So right now we see no reason to back off that. And I'll remind you, we have generated about 4% through the first half this year and that's without the benefit of some of the marketing that you'll see in the second half.
William R. Johnson: Ann, if we don't hit it before fiscal '16, I will be incredibly disappointed and highly annoyed with a lot of the people that work for me. We have a -- this is the first quarter I can say this now in a while. We have so many active M&A initiatives in the Emerging Markets, we literally had a meeting last week to decide how we're going to put them in priority. We have a number of very close-in initiatives underway in the 3 markets I mentioned in my initial comments as well as other markets where I think we need to improve our footprint. For perspective, I just came back from a 15-day around-the-world trip where I was in various parts of Asia and various parts of Europe, and we are aggressively looking at and aggressively in the process of M&A activity. And yes, I will be very, very disappointed if we're not 30% before fiscal '16. I really will. And there's no guarantee obviously. People really don't care about my level of disappointment. But I will tell you that I would be surprised and unhappy if we're not there first given what we have both organically in terms of the opportunities with the new capacity we're adding and the M&A initiatives we have underway.
William R. Johnson: They have narrowed a bit. They're still there, but they have narrowed a bit. And as a result, in addition to the marketing, the Justice League for Potatoes marketing, which I frankly was not real high on, it's done a very good job of opening the gates that mothers or families had closed in terms of children wanting the Ore-Ida has done very well. So the Ore-Ida business is responding well. There's still a gap, but we've narrowed the gap to where it needs to be.
William R. Johnson: All right. I don't know how much it contributed in the same quarter. It wasn't much because we're just now in the process of getting it on the shelf, certainly in Dollar General and some of the other stores. Pharmacy is coming along quite well. We're still grossly underdeveloped in both channels. So I would say it's more a second half story than it is a first half story. And to be honest with you, I don't have any idea how much it was in the second quarter. I don't think it was very significant based on what I'm hearing from the operating team. So I think it's still going to be a second half and fiscal '14 story for the company. But we're so far behind where many of our peers are that it's still a big opportunity. And in terms of volume going forward, I mean, clearly -- and I assume you're talking the U.S. but if you're not, please let me know, I feel reasonably -- again, reasonably good about the activities we have in the second half of the year. I think the management team in the U.S. has done an excellent job on refocusing on innovation. I was at the Innovation Center in North America a week ago Friday and spent the whole afternoon with them reviewing a litany of the new product initiatives underway and some of the activities that will start hitting the market late in this fiscal year, which will add some benefit in Q4, but really should have the bulk of their benefit next year beyond pipeline fill. So again, a lot of -- excuse me, a lot of activity in potatoes, a lot of activity in sauces and a lot of activity in some other areas that I think will be interesting. If you look at our business, the strongest category growth in any of our businesses in developed markets is vinegar and barbecue sauce, and the U.S. Vinegar is growing as a category at a double-digit rate, as are we, and so we're going to leverage that and look for opportunities there as well. So again, I think there's some opportunities in the second half of the year to drive better volume than we did in the first half in the U.S. company.
William R. Johnson: Same way. I mean, I think right now, if you go back to the Senate bill, the Senate bill capped dividend tax at 20% plus a 3.8% Medicare tax. The President wants to take it through ordinary income tax. The Republicans want to keep it at 15 points plus a 3.8%. So I think there's likely to be some kind of compromise on dividend tax. Secondly, most of our investors, Eric, are still telling us they'd prefer to see it in the form of dividends and share buybacks. And so our strategy continues to be, in terms of the deployment of cash, M&A, and as I said we have an aggressive pipeline full of M&A. A lot of initiatives underway, several of which I hope would get done sooner rather than later, but we'll see. As you know that's a tricky game. And then the second use would be cash and then obviously we'll continue to buy back stock in order to prevent dilution from outstanding shares. But right now we don't see a change. I don't know how the fiscal cliff is going to manifest itself, how it's going to manage out. Obviously, if we start hearing from our investors and we start seeing a dramatic shift, then we'll be flexible in terms of what's going to create the most value. It's just right now our belief is based on what we're hearing that dividends are still the best way for us to deploy cash back to our investors. That may change. And if it does, then obviously we'll modify our approach but right now that's where we are.
Margaret Roach Nollen: And David, just to follow up on yours and Alexia's question on our nutritional meals' performance. We do some extensive analysis behind the scenes because we'll take it SKU-by-SKU. And as you guys know, and Alexia, you alluded to, Smart Ones gets reported across probably 4 subcategories and -- be it breakfast, et cetera. We're seeing a much better performance all-in than what you're seeing from just the entrée or meal portion of that business since we have shifted the portfolio more towards some of these daypart opportunities. So we actually are doing well relative to the category. Picking up share.
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right. Well, I see we're almost out of time and I know we're right up against another call. I know there's several of you in queue, I apologize. We're going to take one more.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Okay, well, as we roll up for today, we want to -- we look forward to seeing many of you over the next few weeks. And our next scheduled event will be at CAGNY where we'll be presenting Thursday, February 21 and Bill will kick off the day at 8 a.m. So with that, all of us at Heinz would like to wish you and yours a warm and happy Thanksgiving, and a joyous holiday season. Make it a great day.
