Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, I think, frankly, we're real pleased with the performance in the business. I mean, you saw the strong growth at the top line. The 3 growth engines are continuing to bang away. We've got sequential improvement in Australian foodservice. We're investing in the business. We're taking out inventory. For the quarter, ROI was up nicely, and we continue to drive the productivity initiatives. So we're feeling very good about the business. I think what you're seeing is some timing in terms of the tax impact. Certainly, the tax was better than we expected this quarter, probably a little bit worse than we expected next quarter, so largely timing there. This allows us flexibility, frankly. I mean, in this tough environment, there is just no reason to be heroic. So I think we are prudently balancing the P&L. We're also aggressively taking out inventory in the fourth quarter. And as you know, as you reduce inventory, you take an absorption hit. You're pulling basically fixed costs off the balance sheet into the P&L and there's a hit associated with that, but we think that's the right thing to do, to pull inventory out and to drive cash flow. So now, we feel very good about the business and feel very good about the fact that we're taking it to the middle of the range and taking up the bottom end of our guidance.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think we're looking to drive cash flow and drive quality of earnings. That's been a hallmark, I think, for Heinz, and so we're aggressively taking inventory out. It's certainly a little harder to project in this kind of environment and in some of the developed markets. But the reality is, if you take a lot of inventory out, which is what our expectation is, it comes with a P&L impact.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think we're looking to be very aggressive here. But over time, we'll continue to always look to take inventory out, not -- certainly not at the pace of what we're expecting in the fourth quarter. But this is very much in line with Bill's strategy. I think in this kind of environment, you want to make sure you're driving cash flow to provide flexibility for the business and for shareholders. So aggressively taking out inventory, driving out fixed costs. It's clear that customers these days won't pay for people's overhead. So we are getting aggressive across the board.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, as we have projected, we said that inflation was going to hit its high-water mark in the second quarter, which it did. I think we're around 10% market inflation at that point. It's down to around 7% market inflation in the third quarter. We do expect that to continue to moderate into the fourth quarter. And the good news is that over time, we have been getting better price realization. If you recall, particularly in U.S. Foodservice, pricing comes in chunks as national account contracts come up and things like that. So our price realization is getting better and commodity inflation is moderating. So we do expect sequential improvement from a gross margin standpoint. And so we're looking to finish up the year pretty much as expected on that front.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, not really. I think we'll see, as things come out and it's all a question of exactly when the inventory comes down, is it early in the quarter, is it late in the quarter, et cetera, so -- but it's certainly a factor in why we guided or put together the outlook that we did.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. At this point, I'm probably not going to say a lot about '13, but let me just give you a flavor for how we're thinking about Europe and what's going on there. Reality is, about half of our business in Europe is in the U.K. That business has been going extremely well for us. We're very, very pleased with the execution and the strategy that the guys there have from a marketing and a sales standpoint. So very good performance there. U.K. soup in the quarter was up dramatically. We're coming out with great innovations, things like Squeeze & Stir, the Talking Labels. We've got a lot of PR going on, so there's lots of good things going on there. And I just think we are executing extremely well in a tough market. There's no doubt about it. But I think we are advantaged by the fact that the bulk of our business or certainly roughly half of our business is in the U.K. But even beyond the U.K., if you look at what else is working there, Ketchup in Europe, across Europe, is doing extremely well. Rolling airboats [ph] has been driving that for us globally and certainly across Europe. And we've talked to you about the performance there in the past, and that performance continues to do extremely well and, in fact, accelerate. So Ketchup across Europe is doing well. If you think about Russia, that's a real growth engine for us. Organic sales up around 19%, as I recall, in the quarter. So that's a combination of sauces and also baby food. So we feel very good about that. I mean, to your point about Southern Europe, yes, it's a tough environment, no doubt about it. Italy is a tough place to be doing business. We had a truck strike at the end of the third quarter that certainly impeded sales somewhat in Q3. But here again, we're innovating. We're bringing new products out there. We've just got Aseptic, which is a much higher quality baby food product that has come out in Italy and that's in the U.K. as well. And as we look forward, we're investing in the supply chain hub there, which should bring great manufacturing efficiencies. We're putting in the Heinz Innovation Center, which should amp up our ability to innovate across Europe. And finally, Keystone continues to roll out. So net-net, yes, Europe is a tough environment, but I think we're doing all the right things.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, no, good question. I mean, Ore-Ida, sales were basically flat for the quarter, with price up and volume down. And as we said before, we -- as the leader of that category, we took significant pricing last fall -- or actually before then. So it's been quite a while. Private label tended to stay down. The result was a bit of a value gap there. And frankly, we could get that share back tomorrow, but what we're trying to do is balance really volume, price share and margin. I would say elasticity in that category is probably higher than we'd originally anticipated. And I think if Bill were here, he would use his old maximum of fix the problem and market the fix. So we're addressing it with -- addressing the value gap on our 2-pound bag. We're also, as you know, launching a 1-pound bag at $1.99. We have high hopes for what that will do for us. And the plan basically is, once we've resolved the value gap, then we'll go back on air from a marketing standpoint to market the fix. But we want to make sure that we've addressed the root issue, and then once we're confident of that, we will market that fix.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, frankly, I'll say what I've always said about the U.S. economy. I am maybe more pessimistic than certainly our government is about where this economy goes. I think this is going to continue to be a tough place to do business, in the U.S. You're not seeing companies doing a lot of hiring. In fact, you're hearing more companies announcing layoffs and things like that. So with that, we're going to hope for the best and plan for the worst. I think you're seeing more perimeter shopping as people use ingredient cooking. Within the U.S., some people are shifting to more cheaper meals out, and you're seeing the benefit of that in some of the QSRs, particularly McDonald's and SUBWAY. But at the end of the day, we're not going to chase share. We could easily buy volume in this kind of market. But I think we're going to continue to try to do the right things, recognize the environment for what it is. I think value means different things to different people, and I believe Bill will expand upon that at CAGNY next week. For some people, volume means lower cost per ounce. For others that are really struggling, it is that entry level price point. And so that's what we're trying to address. And at all levels of the socioeconomic ladder, we're going to be innovating to meet those needs. It used to be a little simpler in that you could address just the relatively more affluent. Now we need to address, again, all parts of the ladder and that's what we're doing.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. So, Thilo, to -- a short answer to your original point, do we think it's too late on those smaller sizes? No, absolutely not. We think it's very well timed.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, what we're working do is make sure that we do this smartly, and we're driving value engineering to take out non-value-added costs that the consumer doesn't want to pay for. So we don't anticipate that. We're looking to drive this in a margin-neutral kind of way.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, as you remember, Alexia, the frozen entrée category is very cyclical with strength of the economy. And so what you're seeing is continued softness in that nutritional frozen entrée category. Having said that, I think we're doing all the right things and driving innovation and very aggressively going after each of the dayparts very successfully with Smart Ones. So I think that's proof positive of, hey, you do the right thing, you got the right kind of innovation, you hit the right kind of value equation and you can win in this kind of market. And that's what we're trying to do. It would be nice if the category would stabilize and go up, but we're not going to hold our breath on that. It's been a number of years now that, that entrée category has been down. And again, if the economy strengthens, we should be well positioned to ride that. But we're going to continue to plan our game based on the environment that we're faced with.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: T.G.I.F., we feel very good about snacks business within T.G.I.F. That's about 70% of the platform there. So that part of it, we like. It's been working. I think on the entrée side, a bit weaker, and that's really reflecting a very tough category dynamic there. So we'll continue to take a look at what the environment looks like there and what the appropriate actions are.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, yes. Eric, we are thrilled with how those businesses are performing. They are just off to a roaring start. You're seeing just some huge numbers coming out of Foodstar over in China. I think our team there is managing it very, very well and not trying to bite off more than they can chew. They're building their capacity. They're going one province at a time. And you're seeing some big numbers coming out of there, and we fully expect that to continue. In terms of Brazil, that is tracking right on plan. As I mentioned, we got Ketchup in there now going through the Quero sales force, big growth coming out of there now. It's off a small base, but we're very excited about that and, frankly, just excited about all the categories in Brazil and our ability to take their products through the modern trade or upgrading their manufacturing capability, et cetera, et cetera. So I think, frankly, I think that from a bottom line standpoint, I won't quote you specific numbers because I don't have them off the top of my head, but I think just moderately positive this year. So probably a bit of a help, and next year, we certainly have high expectations for them.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: In a nutshell, we're driving this for the long haul. And what we're trying to do is really invest in that brand and make sure that this thing turns into a very, very big, important business for us over time.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think that was probably last year's. But I do think we're slightly better than planned at the bottom line. But again, the strategy is to invest in the business as opposed to letting all of the sales upside fall to the bottom line.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think as we've always said, our sweet spot is in that sort of bolt-on kind of arena. Things like Foodstar and Quero, that's our bread-and-butter. We know how to do it, we do it very well, focused on Emerging Markets and things like that. So that tends to be our sweet spot. For the right situation that fit well, we'd certainly do a larger deal. We did HP/LP a while back. That was an $850-million deal. So we've done larger deals in the past, but our sweet spot is really the bolt-on side.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No. No, I mean, if you think about it, you've got the impact of the acquisitions in there. Particularly, you've got both Foodstar and Quero that -- our inventory that obviously we didn't hold before we acquired them. So that is a big chunk of the increase. I think in this kind of environment, where some of the demand side of things is a little more volatile than it has been in the past, it's gotten more challenging to constantly stay on top of exactly where demand goes and exactly what your production forecast should look like. So this is just in recognition of the fact that we want to take this inventory out. It's the right thing to do for the business. We think we have the opportunity and let's get after it.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I wouldn't say materially that I know of. But keep in mind also that with the productivity initiatives that we've got going and the closure of a number of plants, in certain cases before you close the plant, you are going to have to build some buffer stock and things like that. So that's a bit of the story as well. So I think that probably plays into the equation. And with a lot of that behind us, though, a bit more to come, as you know, it's time to get very focused on inventory and take it out.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: It's unclear, the exact situation in some ways down there, but we've operated in Venezuela for over 50 years. We have a great team there. We manage that environment, I think, extremely effectively. We're continuing to deal with the vagaries of the market, but at the end of the day, we don't expect a material impact.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, from a Keystone standpoint, as you recall, that's -- it's really kind of a slow build. We've taken a very, I would say, methodical approach in rolling out Keystone, making sure that we don't bet the farm and introduce too much risk into the business. So we continue to knock off the markets one at a time here. And so that -- we probably won't be largely done with Keystone until, I don't know, end of 2014, something like that. FY '14 is what we have -- what we've said and we're sticking to that. And so I think the bulk of the benefits will be out a ways from Keystone. Now you're certainly seeing -- we've got SAP in the U.K., for instance. U.K. business has been doing extremely well, and I will chalk most of that up to very, very strong leadership with the right strategy and the right execution. But I got to tell you, I think we're arming that team with the right tools and giving them the right visibility of the business, and we're seeing benefit out of it. But market by market, you'll start seeing that. But I think the big chunks of benefits out of Keystone will be more toward FY '14 and beyond.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. I think the reality is that the -- it is an interesting time here from an economic standpoint where the unemployment rate went quite high at the same time that commodity inflation went up significantly. I think all this washes out over time. And so you've got an interesting period of time here, and it certainly varies by market. I mean, in many of our Emerging Markets, we're seeing strong growth in margins and -- both at the gross and the operating margin line. But in some of these developed markets, it's a tougher equation. And -- so again, I believe it'll wash out over time. But with the combination of high unemployment, a lot of people deleveraging in terms of taking down their personal debt and commodities going up at the same time, pretty tough environment. But frankly, good question to ask Bill, and I think...
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. Why don't you talk to him about that next week? And I'm sure he'll have a pretty strong point of view on that.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I'm not sure I want to get that specific about it. We do expect gross margin to be down on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, but sequentially better than what we have been seeing.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, yes. So -- and that's why during this time, I think we're doing the right things. We are very aggressively going after fixed costs and trying to take that out to take pressure off. We're looking to value engineer, and again, we're looking to maintain very strong quality of the products, obviously. But there are often non-value-added costs that you can get out in terms of packaging or cartons or whatever, also taking out the fixed costs associated with some of the plants that, frankly, we didn't need. So we're working it hard.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, year to date, we're up about 10%, and we will -- we do anticipate marketing spending to be up again in the fourth quarter. But from an SG&A standpoint, we continue to invest in the areas where we feel like we need added capabilities. So we've talked about Keystone hit, supply chain hub. We've talked about Emerging Markets. So we're continuing to invest in there, but I think good management teams make trade-off decisions. And so as we invest there, the question is, hey, what are you not going to spend money on? So we're just tightening our belt across the board. We've taken a look at layers in the organization, spans of control. We've taken a look at just lots of discretionary spending. And if we don't need to do it, we don't do it.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think this Emerging Market thing Bill's been working at for years and years, and we as a management team have been working at it years and years because we saw this coming. To be quite honest, you just have to look at the dynamics in these Emerging Markets where the rising middle class, more discretionary income, fragmented trade environment, fragmented competitive set, I mean, all dynamics in those markets are very positive. And so we see for a long period of time very strong growth in those kinds -- those markets. And you're seeing -- if you look over the past, and we've been at that double digit kind of rate. And we sure expect that kind of number to continue over the long haul. Because it's -- this is not a short-term phenomena. If you look at just some of the demographics over the next 10 to 20 years, you will see dramatic growth in those markets that will help consumer product kind of companies. So we're very, very attuned to that. The strategy is all built for it.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Bill will talk more next week. But we've got the right kind of talent, we're investing in those businesses, we're building capabilities in it and I think we're in good shape there. From a capacity standpoint, yes, we're going to have to build factories occasionally. And we are in certain places. We are in the acquisitions, and that's why our capital spending this year, if you look at it, is a little bit higher than our historic -- I don't know, we've been at 2.5%. We're probably up to 3.5% to 4% this year. And a lot of that is around Emerging Markets. Good investment, very strong return to the shareholders.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I wouldn't get into conjecture on particular segments of the business. But we expect very strong growth there across Latin America. We expect the Quero business to be a great addition to this portfolio. So I think we're continuing to look for strong growth there.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. The only other thing I would add is, if you take the numbers we've given you on FX, we're going to take a hit next quarter on FX, and that obviously was not anticipated. So we are at a positive $0.08 for the company year-to-date, and our guidance this morning includes a positive $0.05. So that's a $0.03 hit potentially in the fourth quarter from FX alone. So you take the FX hit, you take the absorption hit and a little softness, but it's not major softness. It's -- I think we're going to have an incredibly strong quarter. If we hit these numbers we put out there, guys, that's double-digit OI [ph] and EPS, and that is nothing to be -- to sneeze that. So we're hitting on all cylinders, as you saw, with all of our segments at positive organic growth. So...
Margaret Roach Nollen: To your point, Ken, we have some acquisitions. Their inventory levels are higher than kind of company average. Company average is high. And there's a little bit of volume softness, but I wouldn't attribute this wholesale to that at all. This is going to be a big effort for us, and it really sets us up for the long term. It's the right thing to do.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. I think when you look at the economy, it's nice to see some improving statistics. But unemployment is still over 8%. You have more people on food stamps than ever before. There are a number of factors, and I don't want to take Bill's fire so I'll stop before I get in trouble. But I think small sizes have a place with the American consumer. We're going to get it in the right channels. Alternate channels are doing very well outside of that retail-measured data, and I think that's part of the piece that you guys can't see right now.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, Smart Ones, I don't think the team is getting enough credit for a lot of great work they've been doing: diversifying the portfolio, going for the 24/7 platform. Remember, we're very heavily weight management focused, and Weight Watchers has been doing well, advertising, celebrity spokespersons, et cetera. And Smart Ones has been gaining share for the last 2 years every quarter, so there's some really good things going on there. Your point, the category -- and the frozen category is soft, but we've been winning with Smart Ones.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. I mean, obviously, the goal for us is to take those earnings and reinvest them back into the business. So we've just launched television for the first time with the Quero brand this quarter, went on air, seeing tremendous response from that. We're back on air after many years of being dark with the Master brand, soy brand in China. And frankly, I think in some cases, we just can't spend it fast enough. So there are plans to continue to invest and keep these brands growing. But it's not -- I don't think it's substantial, but I think they clearly brought [indiscernible]...
Margaret Roach Nollen: All right. Well, in interest of time, I know we've got another peer company with a call coming up. So I think we've got time for one more.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Well, and it's provided us additional scale in that whole region. So our -- Mexico, Costa Rica, Colombia, Peru, I mean, we have a lot of businesses that now have more scale to leverage. And I think they've really got a great team there driving those results. So...
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. All right. Well, just quickly -- we'll see you at CAGNY. All right. Well then -- and speaking of which, great segue, thanks, Dave.  There's a lot going on in the industry calendar, so I wanted to give you a quick list of the conferences that we're going to be attending. And you're going to get to experience some different members of the Heinz management team at each of these. So very quickly, Bill Johnson will be presenting at CAGNY. We are on for Wednesday at 3:00 p.m. Then we're at the BofA Merrill Lynch consumer conference. We'll be hosting one-on-ones. That will be Mike Milone, who's the Rest of World and Global Infant EVP. Then on March 15, we've got UBS global consumer conference. That's going to be Chris Warmoth from our Asia/Pac business. On March 20, we'll be in London at the CAGE Conference, and that will be Art Winkleblack and Dave Moran from our European business. And last but not least, please make a note, hold the date, Thursday, May 24, our fourth quarter and Heinz Analyst Day. So more details to follow.  As always, Mary Ann and I will be around. But go gentle on us. We've got some work to do for CAGNY next week, and we look forward to seeing everyone there. Have a great day.
Edward J. McMenamin: And typically, in the fourth quarter, you would see our inventories drop just due to the seasonal nature of our business. This year, we're making a very, very concerted effort to drive that down further than we normally would.
Edward J. McMenamin: And then if you go back to our earlier releases, the earlier quarters, we were seeing commodity inflation higher than the 7%. The 7% we experienced this quarter is in line for the full year, so you see that trending down, which is what we said in previous calls. And that still looks to be the truth.
Edward J. McMenamin: In addition to the economic stresses, I mean, I think the smaller sizes also address smaller household sizes, and that's probably here for a while regardless of the rebound in the economy.
Edward J. McMenamin: As we said in the earlier quarters, going back to the way commodities and pricing are going, is we expect that comparison to gradually get easier as the year went through, but still a challenge.
Edward J. McMenamin: Rob, also if you look back to last year, the phasing of our investments last year were gradually increased all through the year, versus this year we've probably taken a more -- as we said before, a more steady approach throughout the year. So I think that's part of the comparisons that you talked about, say, first half to second half.
Edward J. McMenamin: On average, we've taken that CapEx spending up to 4%, but a disproportionate share of that CapEx spending relative to sales is going to the Emerging Markets.
