Miguel Patricio: Yeah. Well, thank you Chris. I just wanted to start our discussion today with a few overall thoughts. First, that we have had a very, very encouraging start of the year, both topline and bottom line with our strongest growth in priority platforms and markets, especially in under-developed countries with a very strong result. We were able to hold household penetration gains even as markets begin to open and effectively managing inflation and supply constraints. We are also very encouraged by our progress with the initiatives to accelerate our advantage in different areas like in marketing, be more agile and more creative in retail and foodservice joint business plans, in unlocking capacity in Grow and Energize platforms. And also on bringing efficiencies - growth efficiency gains that we continue tracking to be about $400 million in the year. That said we feel that it's still too early to change our outlook for the full year. We could expect 2021 financials to be ahead of our strategic plan and we are expecting mid single-digit growth in Q2 2021 versus the same period in '19. At the same time, we should see stronger but manageable inflation beginning in Q2. Finally, we are pleased with additional financial flexibility that we are building. We continue to aggressively reduce debt and our divestures are on track to further increased flexibility. I will now hand it back to the operator and we can start the Q&A.
Miguel Patricio: Well, first of all, thank you for the question. Listen, we feel good about controlling the controllables. I mean, and if you think about the gains we have made in household penetration. Those are coming from younger more diverse families and we're seeing that those families are actually increasing the consumption across different day-parts and that's happening whether it's Mac and Cheese, whether that's Oscar Mayer hot dogs, very consistent. Plus even if you think about brands that typically - kids use at school like a lunch box, we're actually also seeing gains on those even over the last six months. So what I would say is our focus on continue to retain those new households regardless of the circumstances is working and it will be the things that we'll continue to do moving forward. Thanks.
Miguel Patricio: Bryan thanks for the question. So, the guidance that we provided in mid single-digit is growth, so it's a percentage of our total COGS as gross inflation, okay? Actually we are seeing that it would be - currently in the low end of the mid-single digit range and that's our view. And when we see this happening today as we mentioned before, we also saw as many peers, the escalation of this inflation since our last call but when we add, as we mentioned our cost efficiencies that we highlighted around that we still seeing like $400 million in efficiencies in our supply chain. And all the levers that we have for revenue management we believe that the final number will be manageable for the company.
Miguel Patricio: We lost Carlos. So let me just pick up on that. I think Carlos froze out a little bit, Alexia. So we're going to come back, but I think where Carlos was going is in terms of the - what we're seeing going on in the marketplace and what we see unfolding is in Q1 we were able to sort of build further on, sorry, Carlos why don't you go ahead. He froze out at the start there.
Miguel Patricio: Well, let me answer that question. I think you are absolutely right. Canada is definitely improving, had a very good quarter. I think that we did much better job in terms of promotional calendar for Canada that last year we started with big promotions and that the ROI was not exactly - it was great. And we are being much more disciplined on our promotions and that's what it reflects, so there was a big increase in margin from 16% last year to about 22% this year. But it is not only on margin that Canada is improving. I'm very satisfied with the way that we are evolving on innovation pipeline, with marketing and creativity and digital marketing. I think we are having a very different Canada than we had just one - a year and a half ago.
Miguel Patricio: I would say that, overall, we are very excited with our transformation plan. And it's deep and it's in all areas. We are all evolving and after one year, I would say that we are going in a much more accelerated rate than we could imagine and especially in a year that we are doing all this through Zoom meetings, working from home. So it surprised us velocity, the agility that we are having in all areas, in all areas from supply to marketing to finance to all areas of the company. But this is a journey. Using an analogy of baseball, I would say that we finished the first inning. We are now going to the second inning. But there is still a big game ahead of us to play, but we are excited about the possibility, the evolution.
Paulo Basilio: Miguel, thank you. I'll highlight the right points. We are calling down versus prior year low single digit growth and the impact of McCafe is always 1.1 percentage points. So it's not that dramatic of deceleration although as you are saying that we are seeing the reopening of the developed markets and there is some mix impacts that we're going to feel in the quarter.
Paulo Basilio: Hi, Jason. Listen, as a matter of practice, we do not forecast pricing. But as we - and again, we are seeing that we're going to have - we're going to be up in the second half against some unusual comparisons in the back half. But as Carlos mentioned, we see a lot of levers for us to manage inflation through revenue management, through savings. So we're feeling pretty very good about where - how to manage our profitability that's coming from this inflation impact.
Paulo Basilio: We have a ramp up of gross inflation as the year progresses. But we also have a ramp up of our sales initiatives going on as the year progresses. And on top of that, we would have our - also our revenue management initiatives so again, I'm not going to give exactly quarterly number levels here, but that's how you should think about the progression of our base, our cost base.
Paulo Basilio: Hi, Ken. This varies. And again, we have specifically in our Big 4 — our key Big 4 commodities for the full year, we are seeing just a slight inflation, okay? We are going to have our heaviest comp in Q2 that you're going to be lapping a very low price in cheese last year in a high price of pork bellies this year. But overall, in terms of the Big 4 we are seeing a slight inflation. In terms of how we manage and hedge, it varies by type of areas. So there are some commodities that we go longer, beyond six months, nine months, there are other that are shorter, but this varies a lot. But what I can tell is overall when we see the scenarios of course there is a lot of volatility in these markets. But overall when we see where the commodities start today — the range of mid single-digit is what we're seeing. And again, as I said, we are seeing as overall as a percent of COGS in the low-end of this range.
Paulo Basilio: Ken I would not like to enter in this type of forecast. We are more focused on to be sure that we manage our cost for different levels of price and if we provide to our business specific hedging profile that allow the business to plan itself.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure Miguel. What I would say is a lot of it - we have done [Technical Difficulty]. So if you go — as we go into this year, we have reduced probably 20% of our SKUs versus what we had in '19. And I think this has been done to duration [ph] with our retail partners. So we're building together kind of level of trust and transparency to make sure that we impact, focus on our core but drive better velocity and actually allows us to have - to better service with our customers. So overall, I feel good about where we are and the progress we have made in this area. Thanks.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: I can start. Let me at least give you a perspective to first of all about the overall view of how we're thinking about our pricing and how that fits in terms of our promotions. I can tell you is, I feel good about our ability to pass through our cost inflation and as we see it and where we need to do it.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Okay. Listen, this is the new world that we're still working through. So I appreciate the people patience. What I was getting at is — within the context of our pricing that we're looking at do know that in the, if you think about our quarters, seven of the last eight quarters, we actually were able to actually drive pricing as a positive contribution to our net sales. So we are seeing that our iconic brands are actually showing the pricing power. Now, when you look going forward, we will return to supporting key promotional window. So if you think about coming up Memorial Day, we also are going to be making sure that we show up in those moments. At the same time, we will implement the revenue management initiatives to drive share growth and improve the returns. And if I sit back and I try to summarize kind of how that we're thinking through this, the way I think of it is this three-prong approach. One, making sure we continue to renovate our portfolio to drive better value for our consumers that we improve the creative content of our marketing and that we strengthened and diversifying our media impressions. So all said, I feel good about our ability to deal with the inflation that we have and making sure we do this in a way that is positive for the company.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Sure, Miguel. Thank you. And I can testify to what Miguel is saying that we have seen that across entire company. The level of engagement, the way that the teams are working with an agile mindset we do. Related to our customers what I can tell you is we are now in a much different place than we were a year ago. We have now been able to build trust with our key retailers. We are working in a part that includes a level of transparency, that we hadn't seen in the past and in fact our retailers are also - and partners are recognizing that. So I think that now when we hear from them directly that it feels like a new Kraft Heinz. We take that we've tried because it's - because of the work that we have now - and the collaborations we know we're doing with them in a way that we hadn't done in the past. So something for us to continue to build on, but thanks for the question.
