Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Sure, David. Hi. This is Paulo. So, yes, we're deploying this different in-store coverage model that it basically involves replacing some existing third-party merchandises that we own, we have in our stores to in-house salespeople. What we believe that we can better execute and understand the category needs with that, and we have leveraged advanced analytics, we are forming the metrics to track this activity. We started doing this in 2017. I can guarantee you that it's being up and we're actually doubling down on this.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. What I can talk about the U.S. innovation pipeline here. So what I can tell you is that when I compare year-over-year the number of projects and the number of dollars that we are seeing coming from innovation for – that we expect to have innovation in 2018 – is growing versus 2017 and has many examples now being launched and being shipped. We have in all of these projects, one another driver that we are incorporating here. We are very focused on the incrementality of the innovation that we are launching. So we have the Just Crack an Egg, Heinz Mayo is coming, Planters Crunchers, our partnership with Food Network, a lot of new dressings. We have the Capri Sun base renovation. And on top of that, we are already entering Q2, we have 19 refrigerated and soft frozen meals, and also a very strong pipeline in frozen meals that we brought from the second half. So again, we are very happy and confident with the U.S. innovation pipeline that we already got distribution in 2018.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi. Hi, David. This is Paulo. Hi, Rob. It's Paulo here. So, again, what I can tell you is that when you think about our service level for this year we had a big improvement. As you know, the majority of the footprint work is now behind us, so, again, we started the year with a very good and a strong service level. We have this focus issue in capacity from Ore-Ida, but beside that, all of our products and capacity we are delivering and aligned what our customers they demand. So, again, we feel it's going to place some service constraints in Ore-Ida, but overall my total service level and the ability that we are seeing to engage with the customers, to get our innovation distribution, to get our products there, to get – to negotiate and staff our JVPs (32:49) really well, so we're feeling good about this relationship for the year.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Pablo. This is Paulo. On the coffee question, I think you will see that we're going to be launching – you're going to see new products in our coffee category and segment in liquid in cold brew, in ready-to-drink under Max brand, the Maxwell House brand. And also you're going to be see a lot of more investments behind the brands in the second half.
David H. Knopf: Hi, David. This is David. Thanks for your question here. So let me step back on pricing a little bit and let me give you some more color on Q1 and then going forward. So in Q1 we realized a fair amount of carryover pricing from last year, so you saw that we were up 1% overall for Kraft Heinz and this is really in the places that we planned, okay, outside of key commodities, so this is something that will likely last going into the rest of the year. Outside that pricing, pricing out of commodities was pretty stable for the quarter and we expect that to maintain stability going forward, so that's kind of our Q1 pricing. Going forward as a matter of practice, we don't talk about potential future pricing actions, so I won't get into that but what I will say is we continue to be very confident in the strength of our brands and we will continue to strike a balance between market share and profitable volume for each of our categories.
David H. Knopf: Hey, Ken. This is David. Thank you for the question. So as I said earlier, 2018 is likely to be a bit less first half, a bit more in the second half, and that compares to the roughly 50/50 split that we had last year in 2017. So obviously shifting very few percentage points can cause significant year-over-year percentage changes. And on top of that, particularly in Q2, given what we're up against in terms of having the strongest EBITDA comparisons on a margin perspective last year in every geographic segment. So that's something that will be relevant for next quarter. That being said, again, I think there are three very highly tangible drivers to our kind of second half outlook. First, as I said, the transitory headwinds in the U.S., including nuts, cold cuts and Ore-Ida. These are three significant factors that should fade into the second half. Second, we have a very strong innovation pipeline and whitespace agenda across the company this year that I think EMEA is actually already kind of proving out for us, and that will gain traction in the U.S., Canada and Rest of World. Finally, on the bottom line, our savings curve should catch up to inflation that we've seen in the business and the investments that we've made in the business as the year progresses. So that's kind of, again, our breakdown for the year. And again, just to kind of reiterate what we said, the capabilities we're building in category management, brand-building, and go-to-market that we're investing this year aggressively, this will benefit us both later into 2018 and will benefit us in 2019 and going forward.
David H. Knopf: Hi, David. This is David. Thank you for the question here. So as you know, broadly we manage EBITDA dollars not to margin, whether it's EBITDA margin or gross margin. So, we're very focused on growing our EBITDA dollars. That being said, in Q1 you saw our gross margin overall was essentially flat versus prior year. I think two things to note on that. One, we did have a small benefit from the timing of pension and post-retirement costs and this is something that's not going to repeat, and, two, we did have another small benefit from a mix impact from a Easter shift into Q1 from Q2 that's going to work against us next quarter. Going forward, again, I'd expect sales growth to improve before EBITDA growth and before EBITDA improves and again, coming back to the fact that we have inflation coming into this year, and the accelerated investments that we're making in the business that run ahead of our savings curve, and the ramp-up in our commercial growth.
David H. Knopf: Yeah, no. So again, I'm not going to speak to gross margin by segment or by zone for us, but again we're happy with the performance in Q1. We're running consistent with our plan for the year, and again, that plan is going to be very second half weighted with the three kind of tangible drivers that I talked about with the headwinds in the U.S. including nuts, cold cuts and Ore-Ida abating through the year with the strong innovation and whitespace agenda in EMEA and rest of the world and U.S. and Canada, and our savings curve that should catch up with inflation and investments.
David H. Knopf: Andrew, this is David. Thanks for the question there. So let me walk through a little bit zone-by-zone or geography-by-geography for Q2 on the sales side. So from a topline perspective in the U.S., we expect to be kind of sequentially similar to Q1. Okay? So we still expect to see the impact of headwinds from Planters and Club and from Ore-Ida and cold cuts, as we've talked about. And again, this will be about 1.5 percentage point headwind for us. In addition to that, we have a combination of trade phasing and the Easter shift, the reverse that we saw in Q1, which combined should be about 1 point headwind for us. So overall, pretty similar to what we saw in Q1. If you look for each of the other zones in Canada, we will see the most difficult Q2 comparison driven by three factors. So first, we had retailer inventory kind of rebuild in Q2 that we will be lapping, and this was particularly strong in cheese. Two, we had a strong summer 2017 programming, which is primarily in our condiments business. And three, the fact that our innovation pipeline in 2018 is a little more second half weighted than it was in 2017. Okay? And then if you look to the Rest of World, we expect to see kind of sequential improvement through the year of the investments we're making and that we accelerated in 2018 really materialize. And then in Europe, I'm excited and continue to be confident in our strong growth for the year.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Jonathan. This is David. Let me take freight for you. So I'll split this into kind of two pieces. So first up on footprint, when we did the initial modeling on each of these footprint projects, we took into consideration potential kind of variable changes, whether it's fuel or other kind of costs that could potentially cause fluctuations going forward. And I'd say all that being the case, we're still very happy with what we did on the footprint side. Second, in terms of kind of inflationary pressures we're seeing, so not surprisingly we are seeing inflationary pressures similar to what some of our peers have talked about, whether it's in packaging, whether it's in oil or freight. But what I will say is while these costs are definitely higher, we certainly feel it's manageable within the context of our savings curve. And we're still kind of on plan to our 2018 targets despite that.
David H. Knopf: Thanks, Bernardo, and thanks for the question, Pablo. This is David. So in terms of balance sheet, what I'd say is again and I said before, we continue to be very focused on delevering. We are fully committed to investment-grade status. That is non-negotiable for us. That is top priority for us from a capital policy perspective. So I think I just want to reiterate that point. Second, on the year, we may not get all the way to our intended run rate in 2018. That's largely going to be in part due to the fact that we prefunded our post-retirement medical and part of our pension at the end of last year. But bottom line, we're very happy with where the balance sheet is. We believe our credit's very strong and getting better. We've significantly de-risked the balance sheet. We expect significant cash benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that I talked about last quarter, and we expect considerably better post-integration free cash flow as well. So again, we feel very good about the balance sheet and are committed to our investment grade status.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Steven. Thanks for the question. This is David. So in terms of the investment profile, I'd say from a P&L perspective, should be pretty consistent through the year. So I wouldn't expect a lot of volatility there. I think it's important to kind of talk a little bit about where we're investing again, which we talked about on the last call. So first, we're investing in go-to-market and that's both in the U.S. in-store sales that Paulo talked a little bit about earlier. We're investing in e-commerce like Bernardo mentioned, as well as distribution expansion in some of our key international markets like China and Latin America. And these types of investments will largely be through our SG&A line. Second, we're investing heavily in service, and that's primarily in North America, but we're also investing in Europe as well. And this type of investment will largely flow through our cost of goods sold line. And then finally, we're investing in working media dollars, which we plan to drive in 2018 and will also be more concentrated in our SG&A line.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Bryan. This is David. So, look, I think our number one goal, as Bernardo said, is to generate shareholder value over the long term. So we'll look at any opportunity that comes our way, but we're not going to speak to any sort of hypotheticals, but again that's our number one goal, and we'll look across a number of different potential opportunities.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Just to complement Paulo, adding to the rest of the work, you're going to have the same, the similar story that's an extension of a number of projects, right, renovation and incrementality in a set of projects that we call the Big Bet strategy, Ken. That's why it's all totally connected. That's what we call the platform launch, right? Just to name a few on the international market, we have MAX Boost in Canada. We have several in Kraft territory in Europe, right, now coming to Australia as well. We have Jif Jaf cookies in China. I have the entire Heinz baby food renovation in Europe and Asia. I have the premium line in soy sauce in Indonesia, pasta sauce in Japan. So those are some of key platform renovation that match to the Big Bet concept that you just addressed. At the same time, we are widening our innovation pipeline worldwide.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thanks, Andrew. It is Bernardo. Look, let me try to address your question directly, right? I think the disruptive market and changing channels consumer habits and so on, that's happening for quite some time and that's something we have been in knowledge also for some time, right, a significant part of our commercial investments, right, that we announced at the end of last year. The $250 million to $300 million is behind new digital initiatives, right, behind e-commerce, behind new channels, behind go-to-market, behind the innovation that's coming to market to support it and behind working dollars in media as well as service. With that being said, I think, the big message here is really that there will be – we cannot have any compliance with the brands we have. It's actually the opposite. We believe in the big brands when you support them, right? When you give them the right relevancy, the right product offering in the marketplace, they go really well. It's the case, for example, if you think about Heinz in the United States, it has been growing 15% every year since 2015. The re-allowance of the Kraft brand with the Super Bowl campaign, with family greatly is giving us a lot of excited behind Kraft's new offers in cheese and other segments that can be very relevant. But it's also true to say that these big brands that have the scale, that have the profitability, right, they will need to come with new offers from different angles and different categories for smaller brands and so on. And we are doing that if you think about the case of DEVOUR on the frozen territory. If you think about Just Crack an Egg going for breakfast in refrigerated, right? If you think about the things we are doing with brands like Classico, like Cool Whip, like A.1, right. If you think about the extension of the Planters with Planters Signature and NUT-rition, right? So the combination of the two things are extremely important. So in a sense to your question, it's changed our capital allocation, mindset. My answer, it's no.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Actually, I think it's very in line with what we have been saying for quite some time, right? Our framework for capital allocation, organic and inorganic, has not changed. We continue to like big brands. We continue to like business that can travel and continue to like business that we can generate efficiency that can be invested behind growth, brands, products and people.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Jonathan. Here's Bernardo addressing the first question you had about M&A. I really don't think it changed the framework and the way we think about that. We are very long-term focused, right. We are very disciplined in the approach we have about M&A, really looking at things as two plus two is more than four. Like I mentioned in the question before, our framework to look that of liking brands, business that can travel, and synergies that can capture that allows us to reinvest is still in place. So I don't think those movements you're talking about in stock price get in the way or interest rates get in the way of this framework in this long-term framework. What is right that you said the devaluations you're seeing today are more attractive than we have seen six months ago and 12 months ago, even for us in a relatively basis.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Steven. I think it's a fair question. Well, I think a lot's what David already highlighted before, right, the trend that we're seeing here, David and Paulo, are pretty much related to contracted or able to regain on the nuts territory. We'll be behind the constraint we have in capacity on the potato territory. Our innovation is coming really strong as we speak, right. And even with all the inflation pressure described by David, the actions which we put in place on the cost side, especially on the procurement and manufacturing side, they are very weighted towards the second half of the year. So when I look about sales and EBITDA, for sure we need to execute, but all the drivers of the joint business plans with the main clients in United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, in Latin America are in place. The main trend that we are seeing in the top categories where we're still suffering decline are in place and the innovation is coming to market. So by all means, we are seeing consumption to continue to get better in most parts of the countries we operate. So there is a lot for us to do like we have our analogy. We know still there are headwinds against us coming in Q2, but we are confident that the actions we're taking today and the investments we're putting in place will start to payout in the second half of the year carrying this momentum going into 2019.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Well, thanks, Bryan. Look, as a matter of practice, we don't like to comment on rumors and speculations on our peer's transaction, right. I think what we can say, again, that our framework for M&A has not changed like I highlighted before, and we are disciplined in the sense of seeing prices and return and long-term shareholder value. Because, remember, the way we operate and invest as owners there is a very long-term perspective, right. We're definitely not traders in that sense. We look those things that we can own and create value from a longer-term job. So in that sense, we do believe that valuations are definitely more attractive today, even if you think about relative valuations. If the price is right, we believe we can move when we do find a situation that two plus two is more than four.
