Chris Jakubik: Thanks. Good afternoon and thanks for joining our business update for the third quarter of 2014. With me today are Tony Vernon, our CEO; and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. Now, I'll hand it over to Tony and Teri to provide our third quarter business update and discuss what we expect going forward.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks, Tony. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to take a minute to thank Doug DuMars for all his good work in Investor Relations and wish him well as he takes on a new assignment at Kraft. As many of you know, Doug has been part of the team since we launched the new Kraft Foods. Behind the scenes, he has consistently been grazed under pressure. And I'm sure you'll agree he is a great person to work with. Doug's next assignment will bring him back to the work of creating real value and building brands where he'll be working on the Kraft master brand team and our enhancers business. Please join me in wishing Doug all the best, and I would be happy to take your questions.
Chris Jakubik: From an EBIT perspective, nine months, when you back up the market-based impacts and what not on the post-retirement benefits, the hedging impacts and you add in the cost savings initiative spending or not, we're flat to up. So when you think about as we get to the fourth quarter and as Terry talked about earlier, combination of pricing, better matching costs and better matching competition as well as the comparisons that we have vis-à-vis Q4 from a growth rate perspective, I think we'll get where we talked about. But again, I'll follow up with you after the call.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks very much and thank for joining us on the call today. For the analysts who have follow-up questions, Doug DuMars and myself will be around to take the questions. And for anybody from the media, Tony Ryan Basil Maglaris will be around to take any questions if you have them. Thanks very much for joining us and have a great evening.
Tony Vernon: Thanks, Teri. I wanted to close out today by providing some perspective on what we think will be important to driving sustainable profitable growth going forward. To fulfill our long-term potential, there are three areas on which we need to focus going forward. The first is execution. We've put a playbook in place to ensure that we're well positioned to innovate and evolve with the times rather than fall into some of the costly traps that we've all seen over the years. And we've shown over the past two years that our playbook helps to drive profitable growth when and where we execute with discipline. But as we've seen this year, more consistent execution is critical as we move forward. For instance, while we continue to lead the industry in gross productivity, our organization is focused on net productivity. That's because this is what matters to the P&L. Every Kraft employee including and especially me owns this. And where we need to make changes to ensure a better execution, we have and we will do the right thing. Second, we recognize and are embracing the rapid changes we're seeing in consumer behavior. This time last year, we were all talking about the challenges of strapped consumers, for example, with cuts being made to the SNAP program and how that might affect consumption going forward. This past February at the CAGNY Conference, we talked about something broader and more profound on unprecedented confluence factors that would have the potential to change the way we operate for years and perhaps for decades to come. We called it the Cs of Change. At the center of it all, consumers with new emerging cohorts who have a whole new set of expectations of food and beverages and companies that make and deliver them. Our customers are coming to terms with changing shopping patterns and channel shifting and the rise of digital media driving the need for new communication tools and capabilities. It is clear that this is not a one-time market shift. This is a transformative time in our industry. It is also clear that this is pressuring returns on traditional advertising and promotion. So we will continue to focus our spending to develop and execute our best most investible ideas and ensure that we're living our mantra of fewer, bigger, better to enable this. We're reinventing marketing by building a new infrastructure that can effectively harness data, which we talked about this past September at back-to-school. Achieving brand ubiquity across channels remains another key opportunity. We've improved our representation in growing channels such as dollar and club. In fact, our growth in non-traditional channels is 8% year-to-date, some five to seven times that of total US retail. But there is more work and more opportunity in front of us. We need to pay for it all by living total cost management. We will continue to find the path to ensure that we're leveraging our scale. And as one of the biggest players in North America, we'll continue to redefine the standard for our lean organization design to grow. As Teri laid out in February and as we talked about on today's call, we'll continue to take an enterprise view of total cost management. From trade spending to taxes, we need to look at everything. From a consumer lens, we need to remove every inefficiency that creates costs, that moms are not willing to pay for. The third area of focus is that we continue to proactively evolve our strategy to ensure we're well positioned to drive profitable growth over the long term. Make no mistake, we continue to believe that job one for Kraft is growing our great brands and our great people enabled by our lean operating model. The hallmark of every great team and every great company is that they make the right adjustments at the right time. We are going to embrace the emerging megatrends by taking a 20,000 foot view of our business, to assess whether there is more we can do to win on a more consistent basis. These are our consumers. We can lead here. The megatrends we're all seeing are an opportunity for Kraft to leverage our brands, focus our innovation efforts and agile digital marketing capabilities to provide meal solutions to growing cohorts, millenials, Hispanics and value-driven consumers. Again, we are going to take out the inefficiency that moms will not pay for and identify and act on opportunities that drive operational excellence. At the time of a spin and in the two years since we became an independent company, we've looked to own our own destiny by evolving our strategy to drive profitable growth. And this discipline is an important part of staying true to that commitment. We expect to come back with our thoughts in early 2015. So in closing, we've made progress, but we're clearly focused on the work that needs to be done to deliver the year and fulfill our mission to deliver long-term profitable growth. And now I'll turn it back to Chris Jakubik.
Tony Vernon: I think the industry behavior has moderated somewhat, but we're still up a bit in quarter three. We were up a bit due to the innovation pipeline we mentioned and some select share defends like Kraft macaroni and cheese. I think in general, Matt, in the absence of brand building, innovation and renovation that drive profitable growth, Chris always calls this a prisoner's dilemma. And someone is likely to go back to promotion and price. That's why we talk and are so focused on our playbook. As to couponing, I've been accused of taking you down a rabbit hole in last quarter's call. The trend I was speaking to and driving that rabbit hole was the consumers' ability to stack trade offers and coupon offers and loyalty cards and all the things that lower price in-store. I think we've done a better job in the third quarter. And I think in general, this is a broader industry issue that we're all getting after.
Tony Vernon: Great question, Alexia. Some people have put this in perimeter of the store versus the center of the store frame. It's no coincidence that our protein offerings like meat, cheese, nuts are doing quite well. There is a wind at the back in those categories. They are in the perimeter of the store. We've executed our playbook quite well across those businesses, even with higher commodity costs. That said, we have an obligation to the center of the store and the great brands we have in them to execute the playbook equally well. And we think we can contemporize our offerings in meals and desserts to address the center of the store lack of traffic. We think we owe that to our retailers and to these brands. It's interesting, two years ago, meals was actually a very vital segment for our retailers and us with Velveeta innovating, with mac and cheese doing well, with some of our competitors innovating. I think we all got away from the power of these brands to contemporize. And I think you're going to see a rebound.
Tony Vernon: My economic forecasting abilities are questionable, I would say. But I think we're talking about a consumer, the 10% of households that make $50,000 a year or less are still quite strapped. And yes, I'm hoping the same response to gas that we saw four years ago. The reality is gas prices, they're down in Philadelphia, Jonathan, but they're still $3.39 in Chicago. I will say, from your mouth to God's ears, I hope that the consumer who is raising most of the families in America have the opportunity to invest in food with these declining gas prices.
Tony Vernon: I think it's about the ability of brands that are in the center of the food store to contemporize and offer consumers these new cohorts that are growing, what they want in those brands. And I point to what we've done on cheese and meat and nuts and coffee and what the industry has done frankly and say we know how to do this. I think it's focusing on the center of store brands to now get into those growing consumer cohorts.
Tony Vernon: We haven't published that. You guys have written on this beautifully. We're still beneath our fair share, but I think industry percent when you add those all through channels is in 10% to 15% range.
Tony Vernon: You bet. Just to put the headline on it, these are product quality recalls and startup challenges as we optimized our network, especially in cheese. It's important that you recognize that every recall, and I think there were six in the last 18 months, was a voluntary decision made by Kraft employees, a reflection of a quality culture, lean, Six Sigma where personal responsibilities are expected from everyone. We're going to do the right thing, whatever happens, but to address it we're adding quality experts across the organization. We're increasing the frequency of our audits. We're making sure that we become very criteria-driven and not schedule or launch-driven, which can have people doing something that doesn't optimize the network. So it is a huge focus of ours and we'll always fall on the side of doing the right thing.
Tony Vernon: Yeah, this is a land of relentless measurement and continuous improvement. And it's always a journey when you're making food to make sure that you're consistently seeking root causes and improving every day.
Tony Vernon: Yeah, I think we got better, Andrew. We're still seeing some effect in Q3 around coupon stacking and trade offers, but not enough to call it out as we did in the second quarter. We certainly instill the discipline here to look at every event and every retailer request, because as you know, this is a negotiation, and our retailers are serving a strapped consumer base and cents off matters. But I think we've imposed good discipline and I think you're going to continue to see it improve.
Tony Vernon: Take this comment about investible ideas as investible ideas based on margin materiality, momentum and message. What we need to contemporize and to drive the consumer back to those shelves, because I don't think it's a question of pulling support for mac and cheese in the long term. It's making sure that the ideas are driving profitable incremental category growth for us and our retailers. Now your question about the portfolio as a whole, I think different brands play different portfolio roles. We've talked to you about how much successful we've become in bacon using digital marketing versus traditional broadcast media. And I think we can look at that across our portfolio and it may affect levels of spending that you've typically looked at as share of voice. We got to look at now the addressable impact of our spending as opposed to just a broadcast media number. But each brand in our portfolio, I think, has a distinct role and laying that out is important to how we drive profitable growth.
Tony Vernon: First thing I'd say is we're still incredibly of cheese and it's on a five-year trend that continues to be great and frankly is central to Kraft in the future. I don't think that the breadth of our portfolio is a disadvantage. I think it's about ideas and people that drive brands. So I've been pretty consistent in saying we love all of our brands. That doesn't mean we don't look at other options and consider whether someone might do a better job on a brand or two. But the reality is today we think this is a great portfolio and creates advantage for us.
Tony Vernon: I think you've asked a great question and I think you've answered it. I believe the latter. It's interesting to look at brands we have like Back to Nature that have some significant distribution in that organic mac and cheese area in key accounts and are doing very well and doing very well versus all mac and cheeses. So we do really think that we've got some great brand names in our own stable that can accomplish those things. We've said before, David, that we'll look at everything however and talk about nothing until it happens.
Tony Vernon: I'm a believer. There are no such things as mature brands and it's all about energetic idea-driven marketers. It's all about ideas in people. And when you think about it, would you have guessed that Velveeta would have had the five-year run it's had in the face of millenials? I mean it continues to delight. It's the superball item of choices as laid out by John Stuart? But if you look to the data, you'd say it's one of the oldest brands in Kraft, right? So when I look at an A1 or a Shake'N Bake or a JELL-O, I say it's our job to contemporize the ceremony of those great brands. They actually play to the preparation of the new millennial, right? A Latina mom was making a dessert for her kid. JELL-O is a perfect fit. We just got to take advantage of where the cohorts are going with our proprietary ideas.
Tony Vernon: Well, I do think portfolio decisions about distortion should follow those four Ms in the model that we've talked about. We've been pretty transparent with where we think our playbook is working and where it hasn't. And I think if we all look back and said, wow, cheese, meat, nuts and coffee, you succeeded on over a number of years. Those might not have been the ones you picked based on where we thought consumers were going or age of brands. But I do think you're right. I always say we're going to be very transparent about what we're doing well and what we're not and we're going to urge our people and our groups to pursue the investible ideas.
Tony Vernon: Well, there was a blip as gas prices went down to those retailers that you typically drive to and you saw changes in some of the key retailers' trend lines based on gas prices. So you get some pantry load benefit, right? You're talking about people who have enough money to drive their minivan to mass merchandiser and fill it up and fill it up with hopefully groceries and not TV sets.
Teri List-Stoll: Yes. We're still exactly there. We still expect it to be in the range of $125 million to $150 million is what we expect.
Teri List-Stoll: Yeah, I think that's largely correct. We're certainly seeing progress on the net productivity line. The good thing is, as we said, the gross line has been fairly consistent and best in industry. So that always gives us the confidence that we have the ideas and the savings there. It is the executional misstreps, both the recalls that Tony just talked about. But the one that lingers on a bit is some of these startup issues will not be fully fixed, but they're certainly diminished as we go through the year. So you're right. As we get into the fourth quarter, we should be back to more normalized net productivity absent these new kind of emerging cost trends that we need to deal with. But for the most part, we do expect that we're seeing the progress improvement and we'll get back there.
Teri List-Stoll: Andrew, we can come back to you in more detail. But I think what you're really seeing is a lot of volatility, particularly in the cheese area. We priced early based on expectations and there was continued volatility. So some of those commodity trends didn't move in a normalized curve like we would expect. We will get there over time, but I think any one quarter is probably too short to be able to look and see the sequential improvement you're looking for. But if you dig into it, you do see the productivity you described, but the pricing a commodity still isn't sufficient. And you have to remember we look at it more on gross margin dollars. As you're pricing for commodities, of course you're going to get a little compression in the margin percentage.
Teri List-Stoll: I wish I could answer the latter part of your question. The former part is it's kind of emerging. We're seeing some escalation in pricing there, which I think is largely a function of supply and demand for drivers frankly. I think there is a lot of demand for transportation and the driver shortage is putting a little pressure on the cost. So it's an emerging impact. We don't know exactly how significant it will be and/or how long it will last. But just given where we are heading into the fourth quarter, if it ends up being significant, ability to offset that in a short timeframe is pretty limited.
Teri List-Stoll: Those discrete items' impact can take a variety of forms, but they don't typically come back in terms of cash certainly in the period. I don't want to go into a lot of specifics of what kind of was built into that number, but we do we expect as we go forward, as you said, to really be focusing on the working capital components, inventory in particularly. About a third of the inventory build is purely a function of higher commodity costs, but there are some builds in there as well that we're going to be working very aggressively to bring down. And then the other part is there are some non-cash components of earnings, even beyond the tax line. So it's kind of a tough one. If you go back and look historically, as we certainly have been, there is a fair amount of volatility in free cash flow productivity. And the fourth quarter is a very big cash quarter for us. So we'll be focused on it. We feel very confident that we can get back to the 90% target on a going basis, but we can't overcome some of these events we're seeing so far this year.
Teri List-Stoll: No, we wouldn't think about the taxes on the quarter as a rebasing. So it was fortuitous in some respects, but it provided us the flexibility to make some other good long-term choices. A lot of the gaps come from the things we've been talking about in terms of executional missteps, and we would expect to fix those.
Teri List-Stoll: I think in both those categories, we have seen more following during the quarter. In meats area, some of it was not in July-September, but was in October, they had some committed promotions which I think held them back a little bit longer than we might have normally expected. So I don't have the exact percentage of following, but I think for the most part, we're getting good following and about the time lags we would normally expect.
Teri List-Stoll: As we mentioned earlier, we do expect our restructuring spend to be in the $125 million to $150 million range that we had projected at the beginning of the year. And so you'll see the uptick of that in the fourth quarter. I think a lot of what you're seeing in the operating income, the flatness when you normalize everything, is a function of the commodity costs and the volatility there to put the pricing in place and you have a bit of a lag effect before you get those completely matched up and then this lag in productivity as we have these executional missteps bringing our net productivity down below our going rate. So we continue to believe that as we address both of those issues, we'll be back to the patterns of growth that we would expect.
Teri List-Stoll: If you're asking specifically about the fourth quarter, the thing I would remind you of is that we are anniversarying a fairly low period, which of course gives us a pretty strong growth percentage as well as we'll have at that point a better match between pricing and commodities. So the combination of those two things is what gives us confidence that you'll see a very strong profit quarter for the fourth.
Teri List-Stoll: It is if you think about the productivity benefits we realized being a bit short of our going target. That is a big piece of what is there in addition to the PNOC.
Teri List-Stoll: We will have some investments, as Tony talked, as we increase our audits, increase our resourcing against some of this process discipline work. There could be a little bit of an uptick. But for the full year, we do expect our SG&A trends to still be down.
Teri List-Stoll: We're not in a position to give a lot of specificity around 2015. But yes, that's the fundamental model.
Teri List-Stoll: I think we tried to walk through the pieces as clearly as we could. You're right there are a lot of puts and takes. The benefit cost is the piece that's probably relatively new. And we haven't quantified those and in fact we don't even have a full visibility to those until we get through some of the re-measurements that come from those benefit plans, as you can well imagine. But I don't think there is anything extraordinary beyond what we took you through in the script. But we're happy to sit down with you after this call and answer any specific questions you might have.
