George Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide 4 and our performance in the United States. Consistent with our goal for the year, in Q3 we again delivered stable, if not improving, top line performance during significant transformation of our business. First and foremost, our new product initiatives are working well and having a measurable impact. Our Mac & Cheese renovation is bringing people back into the category, boosting consumption and household penetration. Cracker Barrel Mac & Cheese and Devour frozen meal are addressing previously un-served segments of the market. Capri Sun Organic continues to build distribution and is doing well. Our Heinz Sauces business had a very successful summer season, led by our new Heinz Barbecue Sauces and the second year of Heinz mustard. And in cheese, Philadelphia Cream Cheese continues to grow strongly and we're seeing good improvement in the nacho cheese segment. We also expect the impact of our new product activities to build into Q4 with advertising about to go live behind the launch of VELVEETA Mini Block and our all natural Jell-O Simply Good dry package dessert. The second factor I would highlight is Q3 shipment versus consumption bridge where we continued to see improvement. As you can see in the chart, our categories were essentially flat and our main challenge continued to be net market share losses. Behind the numbers, I can tell you that more than 80% of our impact from share losses are due to cold cuts, roast and ground coffee and snack nuts, a significantly shorter list than we've seen in the past. And in each of these areas, we either have initiatives already in the marketplace or soon to be launched to reverse those trends. So overall, we are feeling good about our momentum in measured channel. With regards to non-measured channel and changes in the retail inventory, there are three things at work. First, we continued to see strong growth in non-measured retail channels like club and value stores. Second, we continue to add new food service customers as we go after whitespace opportunities. However, Global Food Service in Q3 was down slightly due to the traffic decline that you've heard about from the restaurant companies, as well as some proactive trimming of less profitable contracts in our ingredients business. And third, we had new product pipeline shipments of the VELVEETA and Jell-O innovations that I mentioned, as well as a few others that benefited Q3 shipment. The final piece of my update is our integration program, where we are well underway and, more importantly, on plan. During Q3, we maintained 98% case fill rate, despite some service issues that continued to negatively impact cold cuts and Lunchables and held back our sales in those two parts of the business. That being said, we are improving those service issues in Q4. More importantly, the overall integration project will make us more competitive in 2017 and beyond from simplifying our network and co-locating similar types of production line to modernizing our production processes and improving product quality. In summary, we have a full plate of opportunities to drive profitable growth in our U.S. business, and I look forward to updating you in coming quarters. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo to wrap up our comments.
George Zoghbi: Thank you, Ken. This is George, and I will speak in general because one feature of our business model is that they are very similar processes we use in the United States and around the world and one of them, utilization of analytics to really manage revenue, manage cost and so forth. Where we are now, we're very happy that we have the capability built already to look at more granular understanding of category drivers and performance. We've done that for about 30, 34 categories. So far, it has had some positive effect, but limited to few categories, one or two in each business unit. And we like the results we are seeing. It will take time though to execute all the opportunities we identified by category or by geography. And for us, this is an area where we would like to get it done right rather than move fast because it's a very delicate area and it requires a number of things to come together within the organization and us working with external parties.
George Zoghbi: Thank you. Look. I'll talk about the commodity, and I will pass to Paulo to talk a little bit about other costs and give you color about that. So, the big four commodities that have impact on our business are mainly in dairy, in meat, in coffee and in nuts. And we have seen a different direction depending on the category. So as of late, we have seen coffee has edged up a little bit, so has dairy, where meat went into the other direction. For us, it's very hard to try to call where it's going to be in the future. We are better off at managing the actual outcome of it than actually trying to forecast it, especially the movement, whether up or down, that we are seeing has no fundamental. But we feel very good about our ability to manage it regardless which direction it went to. As for the rest of the cost, I'll pass it on to Paulo to give you some color.
George Zoghbi: Thank you very much, Matt, and let me answer your question. Within the meat business, we have a number of categories, so let me break it down and give you commentary around each one of them. The service issues that we have are restricted to two categories, happen to be large categories for us. One is what we call the cold cuts, which is the sliced meat, and the other one is Lunchables. Lunchables is driven by a very, very strong demand. We saw mid-year some double-digit growth in that business. And, while it's been growing, our ability to supply has been somehow constrained, and we are working now and getting out of it, but the business is still growing. In cold cuts, in the sliced meat, we have had capacity issues, and this is the area where we are investing the most, and our footprint changes. We're essentially building brand-new factories, two brand-new factories, one in Davenport, one in Kirksville as an addition to the factories we have there. And we started working on getting out of the service levels, but that was severely affected with service levels. And we had some distribution losses in some of the customers and that was jointly managed and agreed between us and our trade partners and within time as our ability to supply increases, you will see us moving forward in that. As for the hotdog category, that is a category issue. So our market share is in line with where the category and our growth rate or decline is in line with the categories, and we feel very good about our bacon business where we are doing well.
George Zoghbi: Thank you. And let me – what we did over the past few months, we reframed the frozen meat categories to broaden the customer base that we are serving. Historically, we only serviced a very small segment within the broader frozen meal, and that is what we called nutritional, but really it was the diet segment, the people who are on a diet and we used the Smart Ones brand to service that consumer segment. We had a look at the category about seven months, eight months ago and we felt we would – we are in a strong position to broaden the segment we are serving. And essentially, we are servicing now three consumer segments. One is the Smart Ones segments and the diet segment for people who are managing weight losses. The second one is the Smart Made. It's a slight difference to that one by utilizing more products that are natural or venturing into the Real Food category while maintaining good calorie content. And the third one, it's purely on taste, and that is Devour. And we launched in the marketplace only a few months ago and where it has distribution, we've seen our market share at mid to high single digit, and it's doing very well and it's servicing a segment that is – that's where weight management and calories is less relevant and taste is the key criteria. So, and we're very happy where we are so far. That segment, for us, the frozen meal, was in a severe decline and every time we venture in serving new customers, we cut that decline significantly and we feel very good about its prospect moving forward.
George Zoghbi: Thank you, David. For your question. I will add some commentary to that. Revenue management – or if you want trade, promotion and some promotion, it is part of a broader revenue management program. What we're focused on since we came together as one company is truly building the capabilities. We found the focus on building the capabilities has far long-term impact on what we do than having a project to get a quick wins out of it. And the second, once we build that capabilities, we started testing in a number of business units and we tested one or two categories in each business units. We like what we saw. And it is not just a promotional activity, it is a number of levels that we looked at. And in some cases, we saw ourselves investing more rather than investing less. In some places, we took prices up; in others we refused and took prices down. But we're very happy with the capabilities we're building. The reason I say this is a long term and we want to do it right rather than doing it fast, because it has wider impact on your product mix that has impact on your supply chain. This has an impact on the competitive set. And it has an impact on the discussion with the retailers. So far, our discussions with our trade partners have been very good because it has been mutually beneficial for them and us.
George Zoghbi: Yes, I do. Simply I do feel that 2018 is much stronger than 2016 in terms of innovation – and sorry, 2017 is much stronger than 2016, and 2018 is much stronger than 2017. This is an area that despite all the transformation and integration work that we did, we never lopsided that, this is the area that is going to sustain our performance into the future. As with every new product, you never have 100% success rate. So the way we look at it, to get an x number of dollars out of the innovation, we plan launches much higher than that allowing to success rate. And when we look at the probabilities of success for 2017 compared to 2016, we're starting with much larger pipeline. So if we apply the same probabilities of success, we would be in a stronger position.
George Zoghbi: Yeah. Thanks, Paulo. Let me talk a little bit about the repeatability. This is something that it is part of how we manage revenue and at some stage, the line is going to blur between what is PNOC, what is trade efficiencies, what is revenue management, it is going to be part of all that. But so far, we have managed very well in both on the ups and downs of commodity. Our expectation is to continue doing so.
George Zoghbi: Thank you, John. And answering this question for me is easy because I did that change in the cheese capabilities, if you remember. I ran that business six years ago. And this is when we made the step change in cheese and since then, we never looked back and you've been seeing the results of that. We're actually repeating very similar model in the meats business. What we're trying to do, we're trying to get two things at once. One, modernize the manufacturing capability and the technology to be able to make the products of the future rather than the products of the past. And two, try to get a cost advantage compared to anyone in the marketplace and we believe we are in a strong position to do so. It's just going to take a little bit of time for us to complete that project, and once we're out of it, no different to the model we did in cheese when we modernized and reduced our costs and we became world-class, cost effective in it. The meat business would be in a similar situation.
George Zoghbi: It's a very good question. Yes, there are. Actually, meat, while meat has taken the lion's share of our footprint investment, there are a number of other manufacturing sites where we are making investments. As a matter of fact, about 15% of our active lines are affected between transfers, decommissioning old lines and installing new ones. What we're also doing, we are outsourcing a number of non-core low volume SKUs across the board, and we are in-sourcing some higher volume SKUs, again across the board, not exclusive to meat. And we're also reducing the number of warehouses and distribution centers. So all together, it's a very large investment across the entire network. The meat happened to have the larger portion of it, but we're doing it across the board.
George Zoghbi: Thank you, Alexia. I will take that. Our promotional activities and the intensity of our promotional activities keep changing depending on a number of factors. One is the competitive environment. Two is the strategic position of that category. So when we look at our categories, we classify them as an invest category, protect category, or bet on or manageable margin. And so we do not just have one view of promotional activities and we go and implement it. So if you look deeper into our sales, if you go one layer down or two or three, you would find a very different direction. And that's why we try not to take as an overall view whether it's going up or down. And as for the investments moving forward, we would continue exactly utilizing those same strategies. What we're finding though, it's not just the promotional activities or the sales generated from promotional activities, rather than the return that we get from promotional activity. We have become, through data analytics, lot more competent in the ability to select which promotion and which category with which account. And we're finding very, very different returns. And that, by itself, is allowing us to actually do more with that. So, we're not going to somebody and just saying, we're cutting across the board promotional activities. We're just doing more with that.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. Again, I think what I can say for you now that we're still targeting the $1.5 billion net of inflation for next year. I can share with you that, yes, we have a good visibility on strong stream of future savings, but we are still finalizing our expectations around things like cost inflation, product and brand investment and I think that we'll be in a better position to provide a more complete update in the coming months for you.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yeah. Hi, Chris. It's Paulo again. It incorporates all the savings and all the cost base we have. It does not incorporate any type of the big four commodities that we have. But all the other costs are inside these numbers.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Oh, yes, George. Now, if you think about it, now there's some inflation outlook here, we are expecting some input cost inflation outside our big four commodities in 2017. I think we're going to have a better color of that in the few months ahead. But just remember that when we track and do – when we track our savings, all of these costs beside the big four are included in the number that we provide to the market.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, David. This is Paulo. You clearly see that in our press calls that we have a big benefit from PNOC in the first half of the year. When you think about Q3 specifically, the benefit we have from PNOC is smaller. As we were communicating before, it is around $11 million we have in the North America business benefit from PNOC. So this benefit would still be as expected. I'm going to ask George to comment on that.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Ken. It's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. Let me start by the end. I really don't think the UK performance, and I'm going to comment about that in a minute, has anything to do with the level of spend or we cut too much on the model that – I can guarantee you, we really don't see that way. What I think is important when it's to Europe, and especially the UK that you mentioned, is to separate, because we continue to have a solid performance in Continental Europe, okay? With the exception of the Netherlands, I would say all other countries are having a positive year and with a good buildup of plans for 2017. But our performance in UK has been poor, right? The environment has been difficult, but that has been the case for a couple of years, and we really don't see that changing in the next coming months, quarters, or even years. I really believe we have been slow to react and get the right price mix and offering in the marketplace. If you see our market share, especially on key categories like beans, sauces, and others, and also to some small degree soups, it hasn't changed that much, has been quite solid share performance. But we haven't suffered from a category decline in a channel mix change in the country. There is a lot happening now, especially with the new soup season that starts right now as the winter approaches the country. So we're really changing a lot our balanced price, promotion, distribution in this very shaky retail environment in the UK. We had a change in leadership in the country as well. We moved our most – one of the most talented commercial people we had from Australia, New Zealand that are even more difficult when you concentrate with the environment to the UK and Europe to lead our business there. So I'm really confident that we can have a better performance looking at 2017 and beyond. We're seeing all the seeds of the performance and that's already happening as we speak. That being said, the mistakes we did on price mix and distribution, now a good learning for us to have a much more solid plan coming 2017.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi Chris, it's Bernardo. Like following up the question before, like I said, if we see our Continental performance, again, with the exception of the Netherlands, it's actually quite solid in all countries including Italy, where we have been experienced more difficulty in past years and we have been improving. So that being said, that we're not changing our plans for Continental Europe in no means. The performance in UK that for us has been disappointed. Like I mentioned before, it's true that overall 50% has been one-offs, like Paolo said, and a fact, but we are working on the categories we have a strong presence like soups and so on. We'd come here completely different product offering in volume/mix, promotions and so on. And also remember that you're coming with other Big Bets looking 2017 and beyond that I think really can move the needle in the country. I think a good example of that would be Heinz Serious Good Mayo that we just had the start in the last really seven months, eight months and it's doing quite well from a market share standpoint. And we see more of that coming 2017 and beyond. Is that going to be enough to the turnaround of margin to the country? It's for us to prove. But they're the seeds of the things we are doing there, are definitely showing much better results and give us optimism about what's happening for the coming quarters and years in the country.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, David. It's Bernardo. You're right on the footprint question. We'll continue to have a couple of manufacturing changes and so on already announced and planned. So it's actually going quite well. George mentioned here the two facilities that we're building on the meat side, but we have others on the warehousing and other categories that we're expanding. And so all this work, it goes up to 2017 as planned. So that's not changing. They are important milestones and integration that's already behind us, like the systems, and already operating, all the planning on the commercial side and analytics in the same environment. So it's really Kraft Heinz, I would say, already operate as one, and most part of the issues we have behind us. On your question about whether there's an M&A, we never like to comment on hypothetical, and we really believe we have a solid organic path here to create value, and we are working really hard on that. That being said, we also believe our model is highly scalable, and I think the integration results of Kraft Heinz are proving it. So a lot for us to do on the day-to-day, and we want to be focused on that for now.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thanks, Jason, for the question. I think I understand the way you're grouping different things and so on, but I think it's important here to separate. First, on the rest of the world part, we continue to see really very solid near and long-term growth perspective to the business. As Paulo said, there were temporary issues behind this core area like distributors disruption in Middle East and Africa. We invested much more behind the growth you're already seeing for 2017. For example, the launch of Planters in China is a good example and others, so we were seeing these in a very, I would say, a solid way. On respect of the model and again, I totally understand your comments. I think there are learnings from the UK situation that are really specific to the country. Especially, remember what happened to UK in the last two years, is that the leader of the retail environment really faced a lot of problems and disconnect to the market for quite some time for different issues. And now it's coming back in a very strong way and this retail shaking that happened in the country, I truly believe you have not been fast enough on the offerings that were coming. I cannot see any correlation to your question to the model given that everything we did, we didn't – if you see all our lines connected to the market, like marketing, selling and modern investments, they all grew up in the country in the last four years.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: So from a model standpoint, there is absolutely no correlation. That is a vital essence for us that your last question, can you learn from the UK and to be applied in other places like the U.S., and others. There I could not agree more. I think they are important lessons for us, for me, for George, for Paulo and for the entire team here. That you're going to need to prepare, especially when you have a situation like happened in the retail in UK. It's not that often that that happens for us to be ahead of the game and not reactive, given the market share and the positions we have in the country. So I think the situation anyway, your bundle are very different. In rest of the world, I'm investing for more growth. So I'm coming for China with a different plan. I'm coming for Indonesia. I'm coming – even for markets with like space, like Australia and New Zealand. In the UK, it's a different story. My volume mix and everything I'm working behind my promo activity is to get right what is the offer in my distribution, so I can come back to profitable growth strategy. From a model standpoint in the question that – you cut too much or cut too little. I can't have any correlation given what is that, because in that sense, my marketing is going up and my selling is going up within the country.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: The right criticism to say to us, is to say, hey, if I have money invested, as I did this year in UK, I probably would be better off (57:25).
Bernardo Vieira Hees: But my offering didn't come true as it should. And I don't think it's the right thing to do as well, because we're looking for UK for the next 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. So the brands we have in the country are so strong and our equity is so solid that we will never going to sacrifice the middle and long term for any short-term gains, we don't do that. So in a sense, I don't think it's a model issue, I think it is, for sure, a question of the balance of product mix and offering and so, and those learnings we should take, and apply in other markets.
