Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. We're thrilled with the start that we're seeing in both Foodstar and Quero. We're making great progress in terms of the integration. We've got the right people in place. The organization is coming together nicely. You can see the gains we've made in the top line in over 20% in Foodstar. And a very solid 8% in the early going in Quero, 8% or 9% there, despite the fact that we're doing a lot of integration work, rolling out SAP, doing all those things. So everything we're seeing there makes us much more bullish, even than we were before, and we've had positive expectations coming in. And from a profit standpoint, they're doing well. They're slightly accretive for the quarter, which is a little better than we have originally anticipated. We don't expect a lot of profit from them this year. But net-net, we're off to a real good start and slightly helpful to EPS.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. Australia, a sizable portion of our Asia Pacific group, but a bit less than $1 billion roughly in sales. I wouldn't say it has precipitously gotten worse or anything like that. This is, as many of our peers have talked about, it is a very difficult environment. The reality is with 2 key customers there has become, as I mentioned, an inhospitable environment for grocery manufacturers, very difficult market. And so it's a -- with it being such difficult market, we're going to take the measures that we need to do to address that. And so we've seen our margins squeezed as the pressure comes on. And so what that means is we're continuing to upgrade talent, as I mentioned, we've just now appointed a new managing director there. We've done a lot to strengthen the talent in that organization. We're taking some very aggressive actions in terms of structuring the business and in terms of the cost structure. Because in an environment where the 2 customers are going to squeeze it that hard, I think being very, very cost competitive is going to be critical. And so that is going to be forcing our hand to do the right things from that angle. But we've got good plans in place. We expect much stronger back half than first half. But it will take us some time, and we're continuing to bang our way out of it.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. I think Dave and the team are working hard, selling more product off the shelf at full price. They've done the job, in terms of taking pricing. They're also reducing their trade spending by cutting off the unprofitable promotions, so we're trying to do that smart. We're continuing to ramp up the innovation in that market, I mentioned a bunch of the innovations there. U.K. had a particularly stellar quarter, and clearly a tough market there. So that will continue to be a challenge, but the guys are doing all the right things. We're very pleased with the team there and what they're doing. And in the continent, we're seeing some pretty good results as well. Some of the things, local jewels as the guys would call it, Sprinkles in Continental Europe, some of the soup products all going well. And the, really, the thing that is going so well across the entire company, but particularly in Europe, is ketchup. Roel van Neerbos has been driving, not only that -- the Global Ketchup initiative across the globe, but obviously there in Europe. And we're seeing some great results there and we continue to think that we've got great opportunity to drive the Ketchup business. And as you know, that has very nice margins to it. So that has value to our benefits, both to the top line and bottom line. The team's banging away at it, also we've got a very busy agenda there. And as you know, we are putting in the supply chain hub, we're driving Keystone. We're building out the new innovation center, which will ramp up innovation even further in that business over the coming years. So a lot's going on. We're pleased with the results. But again, to your point, a very challenging environment, so we don't take that lightly and we're going to have to keep hammering away.
Arthur Winkleblack: Eric, keep in mind that currency last year sort of ramped up through the year, so really our easiest overlap is in Q1. If currency stayed exactly where they are right now, it would give us a bit more benefit than we had originally planned. But I've got to tell you, with the volatility we are seeing and the sovereign debt issues and the list goes on and on, I'm really not going to speculate right now as to where that could go. We've got volatility not only those European currencies, but some of the Latin American currencies. So we're going to -- we're just going to keep an eye on it. And as and if we get upside from currency, we'll let you know how and if we would use it.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I mean, if you think about it, the cost numbers or the inflation numbers were up around 8% for the first quarter. We expect that to continue to be a tough overlap in the second quarter. That will start to ease off through the back half of the year, at least that's our expectation, and again, who knows. But that is certainly what we're expecting. So that becomes easier. The other piece of it is, and we mentioned this when we talked to you guys in May, that the pricing would lag a bit. And in fact that is proving to be the case. Particularly in places like Foodservice, where you've got national contracts in place that slowly roll over time. And so I think you will see through the back half, the pricing become more robust and the commodity inflation become less. That's the way our plan has always rolled out, so we're kind of tracking to the plan that we have laid forth.
Arthur Winkleblack: Right, right. Good question, David. I think as you look at it, we gave constant currencies sales growth guidance of 7% to 8%, Q1 we were right at the top of that, the end of that range. And so as we look forward, and nobody's got a perfect crystal ball, but as we look forward, we fully expect that our sales growth will continue to be sort of at the top end of that kind of range. Where I think this changing economic environment will really impact is, potentially, in the gross margin area, where it will be tougher from a net price standpoint. Commodities are suddenly as high as we expected, or maybe even a little higher. And so as we look forward, I think the real where it will impact is more in the gross margins. So if you think about it, the way we're looking at the fuller projection, we are not changing anything official yet. But I think, hopefully, we'll be toward the upper end of the range on sales and maybe towards the lower end of the range on gross margin. But it's early in the year, we're only 3 months in, so we'll see how things play.
Arthur Winkleblack: But I think Meg makes the right point on the sharp entry price points and sizes that allow people to play. Because you're seeing folks that are living paycheck-to-paycheck, and so it's less about the price per ounce and more about the entry price point. And so we're looking hard at that.
Arthur Winkleblack: Well, I guess, who knows where the foreign currency goes. It's been awfully volatile. And so again, I'd be hesitant to try to peg anything going forward. But the other piece of it is, you know that this is a big investment year for us. And we see some great investment opportunities that will do the right thing for the long term of this business. And so that's the other thing we continue to look at. And so there's lots of levers and lots of things that we'll consider. But again, it's early in the year, and now we're 3 months in, there's 9 months to go, and we'll see how it plays and we'll keep you posted as we go.
Arthur Winkleblack: The other thing we're trying to do is keep top of mind. So we're continuing to invest in the marketing side of this, and the advertising message to make sure that we're the thing that's top of mind as people head toward the stores.
Arthur Winkleblack: You don't necessarily have to be trading off margin with smaller pack sizes and more competitive entry price points. You have to engineer it smartly with the cost structure and with the size related to the price. So it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to trade down margin.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I think operating income will be a bit challenged in the quarter. Largely again, because of the gross margin dynamic. Because of the timing of the pricing and the timing of the commodity impact and the timing of some of the investment spend. So if you think about it, you've got all those things going on. And so over the year, I think even the investment spend overlap becomes easier as opposed to harder.
Arthur Winkleblack: No. Those are some of the key elements. Acquisitions should be gaining momentum through the year as well, so we would expect that to occur. And last year, if you recall, we had a very heavy investment spend in the fourth quarter that, really, it is a much different flow this year, much more front-weighted than back-weighted. So lots of different dynamics, but yes, it's a much stronger OI outlook in the second half than first half.
Arthur Winkleblack: Good innovation, for sure. And I think very disciplined effort on the part of the guys to do the homework around trade spending. We brought in an outside firm to help us pull that apart and figure out where we were making money and where we weren't. We've implemented the recommendations coming out of that study, and I think that is being very helpful to where we can be good partners to our trade customers and help them and help us. So there's no reason to be doing these promotions that don't make anybody any money, and I think we've gotten much more effective at that. So a combination of innovation, pricing, good management and trade spending.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I think once we're ready, we will certainly get after the marketing side of it. Now in Quero, for instance, we have not yet turned on the marketing because from a capacity standpoint we're not quite there yet. Tomato processing, we've improved capacity, but we haven't done it yet on the corn side of things and some of the vegetables. Once we're ready with the capacity and things like that, we'll turn on the marketing. So in answer to your question, the improved outlook, profitability-wise, is not by spending less marketing, it is about good, strong top line, and good efficiency as we go in. And the integration process is working well so far.
Arthur Winkleblack: Well, I'm not sure we ever broke out price from volume. Our expectation that we laid out was 3% or 4% in organic growth.
Arthur Winkleblack: From margin standpoint, yes, yes, yes. How much pricing we get, I think is yet to be determined. I think if commodities continue to be high, or in fact increased further from here, we're likely to take more pricing in certain markets on certain brands. On the other hand, if commodity is slowed, then we'll feel a bit less pressure to do that. So I think we're going to retain our flexibility on that, and just see what makes sense over time. Again, we're early in the year, and we will see what transpires, both from a commodity standpoint and a somewhat related item where currency goes from there as well.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I mean, I think what we talked about from a market inflation standpoint for the year was around 7%. We're running higher than that on a year-to-date basis, and we'll see where we go from here.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, yes. I think if you recall, we took some pretty aggressive pricing early on, on that, and got out ahead of the market. So we have had a pretty sizable price gap in that arena. That's not really surprising, given the private label contracts and, again, private label is our key competitor there. Private label contracts are on sort of discrete time frames. So over time, you may see those contracts roll off and potentially prices of private label go up over time and that gap closing. We'll see. But at the end of the day, we did what we think is right for the category and right for us, and so we took price. The good news is we're back on air now. We were -- we were really off air for awhile in Q1, so we're back on air. And some of our comments earlier about entry price points and pack sizes and things like that are certainly things we're looking at with regard to our Ore-Ida. And we're continuing to drive the innovation, particularly on Sweet Potatoes. I think we've got a lot of things going there. But pretty sizable price gap, and we'll monitor that and do what we need to do to make sure that the business remains healthy.
Edward McMenamin: And the other thing is, that the value, value engineering projects and that sort of thing, sort of ramp up through the year as you start with a group phenomena and implement them throughout the year. So that does much greater benefit in the back half of the year than it does initially.
Edward McMenamin: I think if you look at currencies and -- they went up through last year, but as you look at the first quarter this year, you can get pretty excited from day-to-day and then pretty unexcited from day-to-day. So there's not a strong pattern. We saw a pretty big pickup during the latter half for last year. But during the first quarter this year, it's volatile. So I think it is too early to make a call for the year.
Edward McMenamin: This is somewhat new in the Developed Markets, but we've discussed this several years ago in relation to the emerging markets where we found out that people were not buying on a price per ounce, but buying per usage. So I think this is one of those times where we leverage -- able to leverage some of the experience we gained from the emerging market, bring it back here, for something that's not necessarily intuitive to the average American.
Edward McMenamin: Well, last year, we kind of ramped up Keystone as we went through the year. We've kind of reached that peak, and so now the overlap is much more challenging in Q1, Q2.
Edward McMenamin: And I think last year, if I recall, in the early part of last year, we had taken some pricing. The price gaps versus competition sort of broadened our expectation, eventually, that they would see the same cost we did. And I think as we -- time passes, those gaps have somewhat narrowed in the first part of this year that helped us.
Edward McMenamin: Yes. The reality is, we've got better growth at the bottom line than the top line. We're vesting heavily in the business, but when you've got that kind of strong top line growth, it allows you to do some things within the P&L and still deliver a darn good bottom line. So we feel very, very good about the Emerging Market, top line, bottom line, and the investments we're making.
Margaret Nollen: No. I was just going to say, the teams, we've learned a lot over the last few weeks with the consumer. And so there's a lot of innovation that is being brought forward, different from what we would have planned, say 3 months ago. So really looking at sharp price point entries, getting to the bifurcated consumer, making sure that we've got product offerings for both. So we've got great innovation at the top line, new flavors, dinner formats, et cetera. And now we're looking also to drive that top line with some other product opportunities, maybe at the lower end of that scale. And to Art's point, that could drive a mixed shift for us, but we do feel good that we can grow even in this environment.
Margaret Nollen: Sure. Well -- and I'll start off with that. What we're seeing is a -- there's a portion of the population that has a very limited amount of funds. And we estimate somewhere between $40 and $50 a week to feed a family of 4, which is really stark, when you go to the grocery store and realize how tight that is. Value to that particular consumer is something completely different than mainstream or affluent. And value to that consumer is a price point. It doesn't matter what the cost per ounce is, it matters, "Can I afford to buy even a small portion of that this week?" And having small sizes, convenient sizes, convenient channels, convenient stores, pharmacies, dollar stores, quick small trips that are close to home as opposed to going out for the big loads at the supercenters. So there's very different behavior that's occurring. In fact, we are almost saying it's almost a trifurcation, if you will. Because we're seeing a consumer that is truly struggling, and value means something different. Our core portfolio in the U.S. tends to skew towards the more affluent. So you see Heinz products doing very well across mainstream, across the affluent, in the club stores, et cetera. There is a huge opportunity for us and we see it. We originally anticipated more of a recovery scenario. Now that we're seeing things get tightening again, we're looking very hard. We had a lot of plans that we're looking at it for, a lot of ideas, so these are things that are very close and ready to go that we want to execute quickly, but we're going to make sure we hit it right. By getting into the right channels, getting into the right size and format for a different consumer. And we want to make sure that we are appealing abroad. In Europe, across our other Developed Markets, a very similar story. And so our brands across Europe are very strong, and particularly in the U.K. And it's something we've been working on a Master-branded campaign across the U.K. to let the consumer know, that we're there for them, and have worked very hard though to shore up brand equity, but to make sure that we've got right serving sizes. We've gone more towards value sizes, larger sizes there. But of course, we have smaller sizes. We've got more of a tiered approach across Europe.
Margaret Nollen: All right. Okay. So just looking forward, of course we've got the Barclays Back-to-School conference. We'll be presenting the morning of Thursday, September 8. That will be Art Winkleblack and Mike Milone. And then, September 21 and 22, Bill Johnson, Art Winkleblack and myself, will go across the pond over to the BofA Merrill Lynch Global Consumer Retail conference, one-on-one conference there. And of course, we'll be around all day. Mary Ann and I in Investor Relations to answer all of your questions. Thank you.
