William Johnson: There are two elements. Transactions had been hedged certainly in the U.K. for the first quarter and other markets across the year. So from a transaction standpoint, I think, if anything, we'll maybe be slightly positive this year, probably close to immaterial to slightly positive. From a translation standpoint, time was the issue. Because of the accounting rules and the mark-to-market rules, the currency started to move at the end of April. We could not take a position at the end of April, because all that would have been reflected in the prior fiscal year. So rather than chase a falling knife, we're going to wait this out and see how this plays out. We got a bit of a balance today, the Aussies is up pretty significantly, the pound's up significantly this morning, vis-a-vis the euro. So I think the prudent approach right now, Terry, is to wait this out and see how this goes. Lots of moving parts here that also make this a very difficult time to do it. The last time we did this, there was a clear trend and downward bias that had been in place for a while, and we were coming off very high numbers and we're trying to protect the budget. Now the trends are completely unclear. The Aussie dropped by $0.08, primarily as a function of tax issues in Australia, which the government appears to be at least temporarily backing off on with pressure from the HP and others. And so I think as we look at these, it's just the timing was an issue. And right now, I just think we'd put ourselves in jeopardy to try to guess this market. As I've said to someone last night, I could sit here and give you a 30-minute debate on it'll go down in a 30-minute upside argument also. So I think we're just going to wait this out the best way we can. If we start to see a clear and discernible trend in some of these markets, we may get back to you. But from a translation standpoint, we are fundamentally for the most part unhedged.
William Johnson: Well, I think you have to look at Europe in two segments. The second half in Europe last year was obviously much better than the first half. We're still going through a lot of SKU rationalization in the European businesses, particularly in the Continent and the U.K. We've got some repositioning of some brands going on in those markets. I mean, I feel relatively optimistic on a -- not a completely optimistic view of Europe this year. Europe for me is going to be an issue of a couple of things. How bad the austerity programs get, and what's going to happen to the consumers as a consequence of that. Britain announced in Australia program the other day, Italy followed yesterday and whether or not those start to impinge upon the consumers ability to spend, the good news is, I mean, where at the bottom of that chain. The last thing will go will be food. And so, I think, from that standpoint I think the plans we have in place this year, the innovation we have in place, puts us in pretty good position. I think the second thing, if you go back to Europe and you look at our ketchup performance, 9.5% organic growth, 6% volume growth last year in a very difficult environment, yet we're only selling one out of every five bottles sold in the continent. We have very specific plans to help alleviate that and to drive that. So if we get to two bottles or 1.5 bottles, are significant upside on ketchup. I mean, we have a lot of peer companies that would love to be up here talking about 100-year-old brand that's still is growing in a compound rate of almost double digit in a market that most of the market views as not very good, and that's Europe. So I think with the increased focus on ketchup this year, I also feel pretty good. I think the other thing you have to look out in terms of dampening last year, when we made the Benedicta acquisition, a lot of that business was private label. And we took a strategic decision last year to basically get out of the private label piece of Benedicta. And so we had a very significant SKU impact from that in France in particular, but also across the continent. So from that standpoint, we are not anticipating or counting on a great deal of top-side growth from Europe. But I think we'll see flattish volumes, maybe slightly up this year of the European businesses. We've increased spending behind the It has to be Heinz program, we've increased spending in Continental Europe, behind a lot of innovation they've got and ketchup is the primary focus. I mean, the ketchup upside in Europe is pretty significant. I mean, I would be surprised if you weren't surprised to see an almost 10% organic growth rate in Europe last year out of our ketchup business when we've only been there for 90-some-odd years, and six-points of volume and we are not close to optimizing the potential there. And that deal is within Spain where we've had significant issues with customers and where the economy obviously is in a doldrums. But there are significant upside in ketchup, and that's going to be the primary focus for us in Europe. So I'm as optimistic as we can be. I'm certainly think we're better positioned because of the focus on that brand versus most of our peers.
William Johnson: Yes, you'll see some of the orphans up here later today. I think what they'll show you in the U.S. is the plans behind Ore-Ida are very exciting. We got lot of new news and innovation coming in Ore-Ida, and brand's responding quite well. Kristen Clark will show you very exciting plans behind small ones. So I don't think, David, I would look at it that we're shipping all the investment out of U.S. market. Over the last two years, our marketing spending in the U.S. has grown significantly. Total support between marketing and deals and allowances issue in the U.S. will be up pretty significantly again. I think you may see more of a balance in the U.S. because of the pressure from the trade and the customers in terms of how we allocate funding. But we're also going to put money where we get the best return. You expect us to do that, our shareholders expects us to do that, our Board expects us to do that and I expect us to do that. And if you look at some of our volumes in the fourth quarter in the Emerging Markets with one small exception, we literally had double-digit volume growth across almost all of our Emerging Markets, obviously, Venezuela had an issue with currency and with the devaluation. But if you look at all our other Emerging Markets, particularly in Asia, you're looking at 13%, 14%, 15% volume growth, we've had 15% volume growth in Russia. So we had very strong volume performance. Now the balance act is, why not feed those animals that are growing the fastest and running the fastest, and then make sure that you're not disinvesting or not starving the other animals that are critically important to you and I think we've done a pretty good job of balancing that. But this is going to be an ongoing question, frankly from your part to us, because it's going to be an ongoing rebalancing of our spending against these markets. But you'll see a lot of good stuff out of the North American team today, so really exciting plans, particularly in our key brands.
William Johnson: I think our North American CP pricing is a downward bias. It's not significant, but we're going to see a downward bias as we make some decisions in terms of how we invest against those brands. We're going to get significant pricing in the Emerging Markets as a function of commodity cost and the ability to move price in those markets given where we stand relative to peers. And I think the rest of the world is just going to be -- we'll take opportunities where we have opportunities. But I think, individually, we'll look at brand by brand, Andrew. It's going to be very difficult than historically, because there are brands where we can take price. I mean, we don't have to get price back. There are other brands where it's going to be from a promotion-intensity standpoint or decisions strategically, that we think there's upside opportunity, and that the volume lift outweighs the cost to generate that volume when we make that decision. But in North America, I think, you'll see a downward bias, Europe will be flattish and the rest of the world should be up fairly significantly.
William Johnson: I would be disappointed, Alexia, if we don't beat those numbers. And by the way, you should see Karen try to ride Art's bike.
William Johnson: Yes, we got a slightly different brand. I mean, I look at the way we performed over the last four or five years with SAP and 25% of the company with 90 global supply chain, and these are all incremental opportunities that should add to what we've gotten. And the reality is, one of the reasons you're not seeing some of that factored in is we just don't know how much the increments' going to be. The U.S. has pretty good ERP systems. On a relative basis, we'll get a lot of opportunity as we're able to consolidate certain functions and so forth. But to me, I sort of look at it differently. If you look at Bob's progression and you look at Karen's progression, marry that with our performance over the last four or five years and then recognize the step up that we ought to see, and the ability to not only get improved performance in those markets but the ability to share that improve performance. I mean, one of the big criticisms leveled against this company historically, that's an appropriate criticism I mentioned in my comments and Steve Clark will mention it later, is either an inability or unwillingness to share across regions. Now we've improved dramatically between the U.S. and Europe, but we haven't touched the Pacific or the rest of the world. And there is clear upside in those markets. Bob, as he said, has spent a fair amount of time in Australia, and the Pacific and in China over the last couple of weeks because we see huge upside. So I think what you would see, you will see ongoing benefits from the continued rollout of implementation across the markets we're in now, you'll see disproportionate benefits as Bob brings some of the HGPS opportunities to the markets that haven't been involved and then you'll see the incremental benefits in '13 and '14 as we get the North American team fully up and running. And you got to remember, Canada has been on a version of SAP for a better part of a decade. So I think that the response to that is we're not sure exactly how much we're going to get beyond that. I mean, my team has heard me talk about the $1 billion. I set the goal and frankly, as I've said to the Board, I'd be disappointed if we don't do better than that as we really get these systems in place, and the transparency of our operations becomes very clear and our ability, more importantly, to transfer that knowledge across our BUs. Our business units is really where the leverages.
William Johnson: I'd like to see what you saw today. I'd like to see consistent, continued improvement, both from a margin standpoint and a top line standpoint. I think you will see a dramatically different company five years from now; you will see a dramatically more important Emerging Markets business; you'll see some portfolio shifts, probably in the developing and the developed world as we begin to recognize the difficulty in some of those markets and I'm not going to tell you exactly what those are going to be, but I have a pretty good sense. So you'll see a business five years out that I would hope, short of currency, in a constant-currency basis, would have shown similar metrics to what we've done, continued improvement in returns, continued improvement in margins. In fact, I think, more rapid improvement in margins. Continued improvement in the top line vis-à-vis the shipped to Emerging Markets as a more significant piece of the portfolio and the opportunity, in my view, to leverage that into markets where we can't now in terms of limitations on the balance sheet that we shouldn't have five years from now as we continue to pay down debt, and as we continue to look for better opportunities in the emerging world and we make bigger bets. But the one thing I can tell you almost assuredly and I will share this with you is five years from now, Emerging Markets will represent every bit of 25% to 30% of this company. Every bit of that. I'm short of some kind of transformative situation someplace else, which is you heard me say at CAGNY, I certainly don't anticipate.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes. Less so in the gross profit margin, but more so in the fixed, or in the SG&A or in subsidiary with Keystone. So we're building that into the algorithm as we go forward. Feel good about where we are on that, but it does cost some money as we go.
Arthur Winkleblack: You're starting to see, for instance, an indirect procurement. We're already streaming one savings, and Bob had talked about that, so you've seen some of that coming through. Right now, in relatively earlier stages, you're seeing more costs coming through the benefit. Over time, you'll see that cost starting to plateau, it will increase over time a little bit. I think we've got that built in the algorithm, but that will start plateauing in a habitual, I'll pace it.
Arthur Winkleblack: I don't know if you think about it, if you benchmark us against our peers, we stack up very, very well in most measures. Gross margin is still lagging some, so we think we've got some opportunity there to drive that forward, and what Bob and Karen are doing are driving toward that.
