Arthur B. Winkleblack: Chris, as you saw, we posted 19% organic growth in our Emerging Markets. And I think even if you take out some of the one-time decisions like the extra month in Brazil and things, it was still at about a 15% organic growth. So we feel very good about where emerging markets are going. And I think to your point, a lot of the discussion of slowdown in China, and I guess they've slowed down the GDP growth rate of about 8% at this point, which most countries would love to have. But I think it's more on the industrial side. Frankly, the exploding middle class in these emerging markets are just coming into their own in terms of ability to afford packaged food, and so I think we are very, very well positioned and we feel very good about the ongoing trajectory of what we think the growth rates will be of our kinds of products.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, let me clarify. The $120 million, David, if you recall from Analyst Day, about $70 million of that was marketing and the rest in other investments within the business. And the marketing really is going to, as I tried to allude to, will ramp up through the remaining quarters. So marketing spending was up on a constant currency basis in Q1, but it will be up very significantly in Q2 and then in the remainder of the year, basically timed with the timing of our programs, the ideas and ready for the initiatives. So we're feeling good about the trajectory in the plans for going forward.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. So we fully expect to spend at least that $70 million of incremental marketing that we talked about in May.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No, it's -- David, it's kind of interesting how Europe is sort of a tale of 2 cities for us. If you go to either end of the continent, we're performing extremely well. So Russia and the East in particular had a great quarter. We feel really good about the momentum in Russia both from a top line and a gross margin standpoint. And the U.K. business continues to be a fortress for us given the strength of our brand equities there and the power of the innovation and execution within the business. So at both ends of the continent, we feel very good about things. To your point, it's a tough market in the middle of the continent. Continental Europe and Italy, consumer confidence is low, unemployment is high. And so it's a challenging market there, and I think we continue to evolve our products and our packaging to meet that environment. And I'm really pleased that we got a good strong head start on driving the European agenda with what we're doing with Keystone, what we're doing with the supply chain consolidation.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: And with the Innovation Center, so lots of things going on to address it. So I'm not so sure that we expect things in the middle of the continent to get too much worse, but we're sure not expecting it to get better anytime soon.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think it's all of the above. So we're certainly getting restructuring benefits that we had expected, so that's a good thing. We're continuing to drive productivity initiative this year, particularly with value engineering. Strong organic top line growth in some of our markets is certainly helping out as well. And again, with regard to Europe in particular, it's driven at both ends of the continent.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, the 1 month was worth roughly $35 million on a gross basis. And keep in mind, though, that a lot of that was offset by the decisions we made in Long Fong and the exit of T.G.I.F. meals, but roughly $35 million at the top line. The bottom line is less than $0.01, so basically immaterial.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think Dave is bringing great energy and enthusiasm to the role, and he's working to drive what he would call a demand-driven recovery. So I think he's focused on the big brands and you saw that we've exited a few of our smaller less advantaged brands, so we're really gearing the focus on those big brands. We're getting the price value offering correct across the portfolio. Once we do that, we're increasing the marketing support behind those key brands. And then undergirding it all, we're driving strong productivity to provide some fuel for growth. So I think we're doing the right things. You saw that volume shares were up in 9 out of 12 categories, so we're pleased with that while our average price is up, so investing in the business, driving some innovation and we're -- I think there's work to be done. But we're pleased Dave's on the case.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think all of those things that we've talked about are in our guidance for the full year, which are what we're affirming today. So I guess in answer to your question, yes.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. Yes, David, let me hit that first and Ed can add some color. Our gross margin was largely in line with our plan in the first quarter. We do expect the year-on-year increase in gross margin to gain sequentially. I mean, that's really driven by 3 key things. I think you'll see somewhat better pricing in the back half on a net price basis. We'll have a different and more favorable business unit and product mix as well. And we've got this heavy focus going on in terms of value engineering that combines with the restructuring programs and savings that we had from last year. So all of those things worked to our benefit. The other thing we're seeing, over time, we're seeing the gross margins improving in our newer businesses, in Quero in Brazil and Foodstar in China. As usual, when you buy these businesses, the gross margins tend to start out relatively low, but the opportunity is to drive those northward. We're certainly seeing that, and so we expect that to continue. The other thing I might add is that we're beginning to leverage the scale and efficiencies of our consolidated European supply chain hub, so we feel good about where we're going there. We had our new global head of procurement, John Dickson, join not too long ago and I think he's starting to make some traction. So net-net, we feel good about the levers and the trajectory as we look forward.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, in terms of productivity from particularly the supply chain, I think we're on or better than target so far. And we believe we've had some opportunity there; we'll see as the year goes along and we'll play that out. But productivity is running according to plan or better. And in terms of market inflation, I think the market inflation estimates are still pretty much in line with what we had talked about at Analyst Day, and if I'm recalling right, that was around 4%.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think that's well put. And David, you've heard the headlines about corn prices because of the heat and drought and things like that. But to Meg's point, we are virtually all hedged on a lot of those key commodities. So we really are pretty confident in our outlook on the commodity cost.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, I think that's -- the key point is given our significant global mix of sales in international, that allows us a lot more tax planning opportunities in those foreign jurisdictions, and frankly, the foreign jurisdictions seem to understand that a lower tax rate is a good thing for their economy. So that's where they're moving to do. To your other points, we constantly look for opportunities to drive down the tax rate. Over the long term, you saw that we had a low tax rate in the low 20s last year we expect it to be this year, and we're certainly working on initiatives to continue that going forward in the future years now. We'll talk more about that as the year goes along, but that is certainly the expectation and the plan that we would continue driving those kinds of numbers.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. By the way, I wish that the timing of these things was perfectly predictable and even through the quarters, but that's just not the reality of the way taxes work.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: We view that as a frivolous situation, and we will be defending it rigorously and we're not overly worried about it.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I mean, we have a team downstairs that is very focused on it. In addition, we have a lot of outsiders that come in and present opportunities. We -- when we go into the various countries, we try to get very familiar with what their law is, what the opportunities are. We engage local tax experts and we take it very seriously. It is an opportunity when you're -- when you've got the geographic stance that we have to take advantage of that. So most of these ideas are not internally generated. We listen attentively to other people with ideas, see if they work with our portfolio and try to capitalize on them the best we can, so a very active team.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Matt, it's -- I mean, to your point, it's a competitive world out there, there's no doubt about it. And the developed markets including the U.S. are certainly a challenge. But I think it's all about balance. This isn't -- it isn't a black-and-white thing and it varies by category and it varies by country. So it goes business-to-business, and we're trying to be very nuanced in our approach. So list pricing actions, in some cases, are not in the cards. On the flip side of that, we have driven, I think, very effectively against making our promotion spending more efficient and more effective, in many cases, both for us and for our trade customers. So I think Dave Moran has been doing a nice job with his team over in Europe on that. Dave Woodward certainly is focused in that arena. We're focused on it in Australia as well. So I'd say it's a difficult environment, but we're -- I think, we've got the tools and the knowledge to be more nuanced and more effective at it than maybe we would've been in the past. And then fundamentally, you probably got more pricing power in Emerging Markets just based on the fragmented trade environment and the more fragmented competitive set we see in those markets. So we believe we're on track to our plans for pricing, but it's certainly not an easy environment.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think when we talked to you guys in May, we had expected that the FX would be an impact of about $0.06 for the full year. You saw that we got hit with $0.04 just in Q1 alone. If recollection serves me correctly, if the rates stayed around where they are now, you might see another $0.05 over that $0.06 that we were talking about, another $0.04 to $0.05. Having said that, we tend not to really adjust our outlook for ForEx this early in the year because you're starting to see a lot of volatility. And frankly, over the recent days, we're seeing some of the currency rates move slightly in our favor. So it's hard to say, it's early in the year yet, but I think there's probably another $0.04 to $0.05 if nothing changed on currency for the full year.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, let me be clear. We didn't consciously change anything in our guidance. So what we said in May, that is our outlook for cash flow. I think Q1 was impacted by 3 things, as Ed alluded to. First, we had the carryover productivity spending from the restructuring activities last year. That was $40-some million, which took our cash negative for the quarter. Capital spending was up a bit, and then there was some timing of receivable securitizations. But if you remember, we are a very back-half-oriented company. If you go back over the history of Heinz over the last 10 years, given the crop cycles in the Northern Hemisphere, we tend to be back-half-loaded in terms of cash flow. So we feel like we're on track for that. We've got a strong history of delivering cash. So we're tracking to it. As always, a lot of hard work to be done but we're on track. Your other question was on cash balance? Refresh my memory, Rob, what...
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Well, keep in mind 2 things, that first, the tax rate does get higher in the back half, no doubt about that. So that's largely a timing issue. But we are investing heavily in the business in the back half of the year. So some of that $120 million investment is more back-half loaded than front half just given the timing of the initiatives. So it's a combination of investment and then the timing of tax. But I think look back at our history, we have always shied away from moving guidance in the first -- our outlook in the first quarter. It's still early yet in the year. We'll see how things continue to progress. It's a volatile world out there, so I think we'll talk to you further on that in the end of Q2. But as we say, we have a history of trying to invest in the business to make sure that our growth is sustainable over the long term.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think, Andrew, the -- yes, to that point, we're pleased that both frozen and ambient were up. Ambient was up a bit more than frozen, but frozen being up nonetheless, and I think part of that is that we continue to focus the portfolio on our bigger brands. And so this is all about investing behind the core brands, the power brands that we can get some real bang from the profit [ph]. And I'd -- over time, I'd like to continue that because that's where I think the growth can be driven quite successfully.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: I think Dave's bringing a high level of energy. He's plugged in, he's got a track record of strong innovation and doing some great things in the U.K. We have every expectation that he'll do that in the U.S. as well. And so -- but it's early days and implementing changes that he'll continue to figure out exactly what he wants to do, and we'll keep you posted.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes, Rob, operating income growth is a key element of our compensation for all of our executives that run businesses. So yes, there is no lack of focus on it. I can't recognize the operating income numbers that you're talking about. Certainly, there's ForEx noise in there. There's divestiture noise in there.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: And investment in the business. So I think all of those things play in, and we may need to compare notes on that front. But operating income is a key focus for us. And frankly, even with strong investment this year, we expect very solid operating income growth.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: No. I think, Rob, we're getting focused on those core Top 15 brands, so we're really trying to focus where the biggest payback is. But I mean, to your point, over time the world changes and the realities change. Consumer traits change. Industry trends change. We will always try to be out front of those trends and those changes so that we're not getting dragged along behind trends. We're anticipating and we're getting out in front of them. We think those are the right things to do to continue to strengthen the portfolio. The investments are going behind our biggest brands, not some of these smaller brands. And I think one of the key statistics to keep an eye on or metrics is that percent of our total sales that are in those Top 15 brands, because those are the big powerhouse brands that I think have the leverage and the scale and the brand position to win. And so more and more, if we can focus the portfolio on those brands and then focus our resources, marketing and otherwise, on those, I think it's the right thing to do. But we're going to continue to evolve and adjust with the world that we're faced with.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Well, good question. We're working on -- it is a very active pipeline. We've got a lot going on, on that front. And frankly, we're thrilled with the performance of our 2 most recent acquisitions in Quero and Foodstar, so we'd love to get more just like them. Obviously, I can't speak about specific opportunities, but there's a number of them that we're working. The pipeline is very full. We -- especially in Emerging Markets, we tend to be very thorough and patient to ensure that we end up with the right strategic fit and we don't overpay. So we're excited about it. We're working on things. We'll keep you posted. We continue to work and focus on Emerging Markets and then also in our -- really 2 of our core categories, Ketchup & Sauces and Infant/Nutrition. But lots going on, and again, we'll keep you posted as time unfolds.
Edward J. McMenamin: And particularly when you look at Russia and Brazil had outstanding results this quarter. And we continue to see them grow.
Edward J. McMenamin: Yes, I think that the procurement guys have gotten ahead as they saw things going up. And we're covered a bit more than we would normally be this time of year, and the way things are looking, that's very advantageous. I think also going back to the productivity issues, we were going through the major plant moves and that sort of thing last year, the guys -- the operations guys were focused on that. Now that they've got that running, what they're focused on is the normal type of productivity that's sort of been followed through a little bit that they can really focus on and really will start delivering benefits in the second half of the year on top of the productivity restructuring charges from last year.
Edward J. McMenamin: Jonathan, if you'll go back to last year, we had a similar discrete transaction in Q2. We were able to execute a similar transaction in Q1 of this year, and we're planning for another one in the following quarter. Some tax planning initiatives are spread over evenly over quarters and over years, others are very discrete, but the 2 that we're referring to here are discrete. What the tax guys are looking at is to continue to examine programs into the future years to try to keep that rate down in the low 20s.
Edward J. McMenamin: And I think that's another advantage of our having most of our sales overseas. These foreign tax opportunities do present themselves, and we have a team that's scaling the world to look for taking advantage of that.
Edward J. McMenamin: Yes, I suspect our business unit mix is an advantage for us. But I think at the end of the day, we have a great tax team that does exceptionally good work.
Edward J. McMenamin: You did hear right, that is what I said. When the last time that occurred, I can't tell you offhand.
Edward J. McMenamin: And also keep in mind that the Long Fong business that we discussed was actually a headwind to the frozen volume during this quarter.
Edward J. McMenamin: Yes. And keep in mind, John came out of the U.S. business a few years ago and he was one of the guys who was instrumental in kicking off the trade promotion reduction program that we've talked about at USCP for a number of years.
Edward J. McMenamin: Let me say something about Venezuela first. I mean Venezuela was down in the first quarter, as I recall, both sales and profit-wise. You've got an environment there that's a little bit up in the air. They've got a big election coming up in October, and I think consumers are sort of sitting back and waiting to see how things trend. So that may stabilize as we go forward. Venezuela is not a big business for us, so it's not a huge impact, but it's not -- yes, and it certainly didn't help in Q1. In terms of the marketing spend, on a constant currency basis, we've talked about at least $70 million. To the extent that currency moves in the other direction, it could moderate from there. But I'll tell you, I suspect that we're going to have enough great ideas and enough good brand initiatives that we may go past that $70 million, we'll see.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, you're going to see Heinz spend in marketing like you've never seen us before, and we're very excited about all of the launches and the brand support that is coming out. And in fact, we're going to show you a lot of that at the upcoming Back-to-School Conference. So get ready, it's on. Heinz is on the Olympics. We've done a number of things, so very exciting.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Right. And then that's just because we're reinvesting in that market the profits back in to grow and capture the middle-class growth.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. I think you've seen a lot of inflation in a lot of commodities out there. And fortunately for us, we've locked in a good portion of our year. So the market inflation could be somewhere in the neighborhood of 4-plus, 4% to 5%, but that's highly dependent on several of these crops out there. The big impact, as Ed had mentioned previously, sweeteners and in particular, Indonesia. So palm sugars, it's very, very strong right now on pricing. So -- but the good news for us is that we have -- that will come in largely in line with expectation because we have largely taken that off the table.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. And we have the benefit this quarter. As we did last year 1Q, the U.K. again took its corporate tax rate down some 200 basis points, doing the right thing to incent businesses. And so we're very pleased with that. But you see the benefit of that because that has a bit of a retroactive impact and a one-time big benefit in the quarter.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Remember, Heinz is 2/3 international or non-U.S. sales, so we're going to -- our tax rate will vary accordingly.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, I think as always, the consumer is going to pay for what they perceive to be value, and we have to get that value equation right. In some cases, that means prices go up. In some cases, that means we get a little more competitive. And the key is the innovations, the brand support driving the consumer to the shelf, doing all the right things by the brand. And I know Dave Woodward and the North American team is striving for this long-term sustainable growth in their business, so stay tuned.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Right. The [indiscernible] but that's just we're buying inventories as crops are coming in, we're setting up for the year, so that's -- and the carryover productivity cash, so that's normal.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Sure. So as you're modeling, don't get ahead of your [indiscernible] please. This is a company that focuses on its targets. We've got a pretty broad target, $3.52 to $3.62 constant currency guidance. And when the company tends to exceed, we tend to reinvest to drive sustainable growth. So we've got a lot of very strong investments this year. And -- but to Art's point, it's the first quarter.
Margaret Roach Nollen: It's been a while, Andrew. There's a lot of discipline, there's been a lot of hard work by the brand team, doing the right thing on the shelf, a lot of great innovation that's out there. There are so many nuances in the Nielsen data that we know you can't see. The main thing I would point out to you is Nielsen data is cash register ring [ph]. And so if the retailer makes some adjustments to their margin levels, that will reflect in Nielsen data. You think it's us, but it's not us. So Heinz is doing the right thing. The frozen team's working hard, the innovation's driving. But to your point, we haven't seen that balance. I'll have to go back, I don't have -- it's one of the factoids I don't have with me. You stumped me. But we'll go back and look for that. But kudos to the North American frozen team, they're working really hard.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, I think John is very excited about the emerging channels. There's been a lot of work that's been done, or alternate channels if you will, by the North American team, the U.S. team. And so he's really embracing that and the opportunity that's present for Heinz because that's not an area we had focused historically.
Margaret Roach Nollen: That discipline and rigor. So it's a welcome to John back to the U.S. and a lot of good initiatives underway.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes. Rob, I saw -- we saw your note come through, and I just haven't had the time to focus on it yet. A, I think the number is understated. We'll get with you on it and see if we can't figure out. But b, understand that this is a company that's investing, and remember that Keystone has been gearing up over the last 5 years. And we've got -- we've been spending to really get highly efficient and leverage the scale of this organization. We have tremendous productivity coming in the coming years from Keystone alone, but it is a key goal of this organization to get our margins in that top tier, and we're going to go after it. So I saw that come through, but we'll be happy to work with you and narrow that down for you, help you out.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Absolutely. And we've been talking to shareholders over the last several weeks and months frankly, who have actually praised us for moving quickly and making decisions. So we're trying some new things, and if they work, we continue to support them. If they don't, we make our move and we shift those dollars and reallocate them. And so I think Heinz is allocating its capital and its marketing dollars well, and the investment in systems is mandatory. It's something we have to do. As you know, we don't have a single ERP system where we can consolidate our global world, and that makes our world more difficult. And we've got to get that inefficiency out, so that spend is necessary. Regarding other investment spend, we evaluate. We're highly disciplined. And as you know, Bill thinks this industry overspends in given areas and he's going to make sure that we're getting a return for this money. And if we're not, he's going to -- he'll pull it and he'll move it elsewhere.
Margaret Roach Nollen: Yes, it's frustrating you can't get them across the line. These are relationships and negotiations, but we're not going to rush it. We're going to do the right thing. All right. Well, we look forward to seeing many of you next week at the Barclays Back-to-School Conference in Boston, where Art will present Wednesday, September 5. The time slot is now 9:45 a.m. And as always, Mary Ann and I will be around today to answer any follow-up questions. The whole IR team, the main line is (412) 456-6020. Have a great day.
