George Zoghbi: Thank you. Thank you, Bernardo, and hello, everyone. Let's turn to slide 4 and our performance in the United States. To start, you will note that we did not provide the consumption bridge for the U.S. that we have in the past. This is due to a growing divergence between our sales performance and measured-channel data and our desire to provide you with a clear, concise picture of how we are doing. While it's true that we're operating in a challenging and rapidly changing environment, we do not believe that our challenges are to the degree that measured-channel data currently suggest. What is clear is that we had a sequential improvement in net sales from Q1 to Q2. So as Bernardo said, while we're not satisfied with our numbers, we are not discouraged with our ability to drive sequential improvement either. In the second quarter, we started to see better leverage of Kraft Heinz scale at retail in the form of increased in-store activity, with several scale events including Easter, Memorial Day and our Feed Your Family, Feed The World cause-related event. We're also seeing solid consumption gains in a number of our largest categories, including strong growth in our frozen business after years of decline behind the introductions of Devour and SmartMade brands, as well as solid performance in frozen snacks, ongoing growth in our Kraft American Slices, Philadelphia Cream Cheese and Oscar Mayer Bacon portfolios from recent renovation and innovation as well as innovation-led growth in the on-the-go arena from Lunchables and P3. And we are encouraged that our share performance was stable overall considering a back half weighted set of initiatives. That's not to say that some consumption challenges remain, but they are concentrated in few categories: natural cheese, mainly due to aggressive competitive pricing in the category; cold cuts as we rebuild our end market distributions and resume merchandising after the self-imposed restriction due to capacity constraints during 2016; and finally ongoing weakness in salad dressings. Another factor that gives us confidence in strengthening our performance at retail going forward is the fact that we are enhancing our capabilities in a number of disciplines, including revenue management as a platform for more informed, data-driven decision making to support our efforts to drive category growth, assortment management to ensure we're getting right product range at the right account in the right geography, as well as ramping up our e-commerce efforts, where we saw more than 60% growth in Q2, albeit from a base of roughly 1% of our U.S. retail sales. In addition, roughly 70% of our footprint-related production line startups were completed by the end of the second quarter, and more is happening as we speak. So, moving forward, we continue to believe we can drive sequential improvement and profitable organic growth from Q2 to the second half of the year. At retail, we expect to further leverage our scale for better in-store activity going forward and more of it in Q3. We also have a strong pipeline of innovation, renovation and communication to drive improved back-half consumption trends in key categories and some of our more challenged categories. In Q3 alone, you will see robust support of Capri Sun Sport and Capri Sun Organic, more activity in our meals business including Cracker Barrel Oven Baked Mac & Cheese as well as the second half of grilling season with our renovated line of Oscar Mayer Hot Dogs. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo.
George Zoghbi: Yeah, Rob, this is George Zoghbi. As far as the second half, we believe the performance will improve compared to Q1 and Q2, we'll continue to see sequential improvement driven mainly by three things. One is the innovation that we have launched early in the year is building up to a higher ACV and then we turn on the advertising behind it. Number two is the in-store execution. We expanded the business development team for in-store execution. And number three, we already announced a number of price increases to cover for the commodities that constituted headwinds for us in Q2, so the three actions here will help us for further sequential improvement in the second half of the year. I think the same is applicable for the Canadian business and the Rest of the World, in Europe and Latin America already doing better second quarter to continue their journey.
George Zoghbi: Andrew, this is George. Yes, you are right about that. So the Q2 pricing was down from a combination of things. One is higher promotional activities versus the prior year, particularly in April, where we are heavy on Easter promotions. And number two is the timing of the trade cost accrual last year, as Paulo mentioned. So we expect this to improve in the second half from a better balance between pricing and input cost. Also, please note that we have announced already price increases in a number of large categories already, so that's been done and been implemented in the marketplace.
George Zoghbi: Yes. So you're right about foodservice, and we continue to think we have more whitespace to capture in this area and we are working hard not just in the U.S., but everywhere around the world. That being said, we did need to course correct, that in foodservice, we had a large number of initiatives that did not yield what we wanted to get out of it, so we found that we were chasing too many small things and we needed to reorganize, so that we were facing the customers, the large customers with large big ideas. And we made that correction about two months, three months ago and we already started seeing some good results that we are pleased with. Last month was the first month where we start getting net – when we look at the net gain, net loss from customers, we got into the net gain positive territory. So overall, we expect foodservice business to continue improvement in the rest of the year and it continues to be a strategic whitespace for us.
George Zoghbi: We refocused the sales team on where we believed the largest opportunities are. You see in the foodservice, it's a very large universe, you can get lost where you are chasing ideas, and we went through a program and a project to identify where best to focus our resources and our investments and we made that change a few months ago and we are very happy with what it is yielding, and going forward we expect more positive results.
George Zoghbi: You're welcome. Operating: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
George Zoghbi: Yeah. It's a very good question about – particularly we always talk about the changing landscape in retail. There's always that changing landscape in consumers. And what we're finding there is a very large number of consumers in this market. They're happy to move up the value chain, and premiumization was one of our strategies to create growth. It's worked for us in beverages for Capri Sun organic. It's worked for us in ketchup with the Simply and organic. It's worked for us in Mac & Cheese by having priced at a 300% premium in Cracker Barrel versus the blue box Mac & Cheese, and you're going to continue to see some of that in the marketplace, so that's one way to create premium in a market where the population is stagnant, inflation is under wraps, and so forth. The other area is to create new segments to deal with consumer needs, and we've got some exciting news that we'll be talking about that in the next few weeks where we will create new segments in the market that serves new consumer needs. The combination of these two supported with advertising and higher quality product, fresh and less processed, makes a good proposition for growth.
George Zoghbi: It depends. So we find when we move to a more premium product, it can be margin accretive. In some area, we added costs in to protect the brands, and we could not price up in that category, so we have to do it in another category until consumers see value of it. So it depends on the category, it depends on the project. Either way, we are always driven by the consumer insights because that's what matters first to keep the brands relevant and keep the categories alive.
George Zoghbi: It's a good question. So we have a large number of categories where we grew market share, including American Singles, including bacon, including ketchup, frozen meals, frozen snacks, and we have a number of categories where we lost market share, like natural cheese, cold cuts, and so forth. And that's why when you look at the balance, market share was not a major driver for a decline of the 1.2%. It was more the categories we're operating in. Moving forward, with the different comps in the second half to what we had last year, that's number one. Number two, we implemented a number of price increases, which will lift the dollar value per pound in the category. And number three, we have a number of innovations either ramping up or about to announce to the market. That's why we are confident that the sequential improvement will continue in the second half from Q1 and Q2.
George Zoghbi: Yes, we are. There has been, as you said, a more pronounced focus in leading national retailers on increased private label total distribution point, merchandising, as a way to compete against discounters or separate themselves. For us the results of the focus on private label was mixed. We benefited a lot when retailers did that through an assortment work where they reduced the number of brands on offer, and it led to a better category performance. A great example of that, Kraft Singles and American Slices. By contrast, where retailers resorted to pricing private label so low to compete, it simply resulted in a reduction of the category size and profitability for everyone; example of that is natural cheese. So lucky for us, one offset the other. But just to give you an example how one was beneficial, the other one was not. So at the end of the day, what will win for us is growing our brands and categories by differentiating through innovation, through renovation, and strong communication campaigns.
George Zoghbi: Well, implementing pricing anytime in any year is never a straightforward process. So, for us, we usually take the approach, whether there is an input cost, cost (54:48) product, or something like that. And we always do it when it's justified. We just don't take price increases if not justified. So that is, for us, utilizing our revenue management programs, combine that with our assortment management to create category value. That is usually what our selling story is based on. And in most cases, you see when we implemented using assortment management, revenue management, build innovation around it, we created value for the entire category and not just for our brand. And in these instances, we have been successful doing it. But, again, it's never an easy task at any time in any year.
George Zoghbi: Yes. For us, we feel good about the implementation of our program. What's happening particularly in relation of where the promotional effectiveness and lift from promotional activity is heading, we feel very comfortable about the investments that we are making. Revenue management is not about just taking a price increase or reducing trade. For us, sometimes we do exactly the opposite. We find it beneficial to do the opposite. So we're very comfortable where we are. We believe the effectiveness of our program is very good and we will continue with managing our categories through the tools we created in revenue management, through the tools we created in assortment management, and we will continue to innovate to grow the categories.
George Zoghbi: Okay. So the natural cheese and cold cuts have different sets of issues. On the natural cheese, as I mentioned, there were really aggressive pricing that we did not take a major part in the marketplace, and that resulted in some share losses. And you can see the months when it happened and persisted with us over the last two, three months. So it was purely based on the elasticity through pricing, and we always keep assessing, moving forward, when we participate and when we do not participate. On the cold cut cuts it's a completely different issue. The cold cuts, as we went through our footprint program, last year we had a major constraint. And we deleted a number of SKUs. So if you look at the total distribution points, or what we refer to as TDPs, is down year-on-year because of that and our merchandizing is down year-on-year before that. Once we get over August, you'll find that this will change. We overlap that period of time and we feel good about rebuilding that business. As a matter of fact, the programs we put in the accounts where we accelerated the program, we started seeing a good trend then. Now is there anything different about these categories as opposed to other categories? What we see that we have higher chances of success where the brand equity is stronger and the relative market share is higher. So these two attributes allow us a little bit of flexibility in terms of both revenue management and assortment management. So building the brand equity is important to us. That's why we always focus on innovation and communication, and building our relative market shares because we believe these two attributes in any category are strong assets for the organization and the brands.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Rob. This is Paulo, so in terms of the outlook, yeah, as I said, we're expecting sequentially better organic sales growth and our view is that and the call that we're having today is that we're seeing improvement in the second half versus our Q2 results. We're not breaking down this number for Q3 and Q4, but we expect today's improvement in the second half versus Q2 in terms of organic growth. Want to ask George to talk about the second question.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. So just to – let me break down the EBITDA in North America for you, so try to give more color on that. So our North America – we had $180 million of integration savings in the quarter in North America. Our EBITDA in North America grew approximately $62 million, okay? So the offsets that we had pretty much the first and the big one was the commodity unfavorability, $80 million roughly, again against a significant favorability we had in the prior year on that line. And approximately $40 million in sales performance that being the majority of that coming from the timing of trading accruals, as we said, that we expect to have the benefit in the second half. When you think about the savings, so just to give the reasons why we had a lot of offsets on the savings to the EBITDA. When you go the second question about the savings, I can tell you that now even discounting the $40 million related to the timing of overhead expenses, it's correct, our savings are coming in faster than expected. But also – and we are seeing more gross savings coming in that inflation than we originally expected, but our view here is that there's still a lot to happen in the second half. So for now, we're still targeting the $1.7 billion savings for this year. And as soon as we change our point of view on that, we will let you know.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Thank you. I mean, this is – let me cut the question into two parts. It's a little bit complicated. First, we still have to rely on AC Nielsen. However, the coverage of AC Nielsen has shrunk to where we are selling our product. So with the changing retail landscape, measuring consumption is not as simple as it used to be. AC Nielsen cover mainly scanned or a non-census data within traditional and some – and clubs. However, there is significant growth going on in hard discounters and some big major club players that are not covered by Nielsen and almost the entire e-commerce channel is not covered by AC Nielsen, so just to give you an idea as I mentioned in my remark, rate from small base of 1%, our ecommerce channel is growing at 60%. It happened to be the two largest segments we have in ecommerce happen to be the snack nuts and coffee segments. So they lend themselves more towards that channel. The other thing is we are comfortable about where we are at with juices and our plans were delayed somewhat to take full advantage from the new products advertising and promotion as a combined bundle at the same time. So to summarize, yes, we still rely on AC Nelson, but we tried to focus the AC Nelson measurement in the channel, where we can scan data we add to it our own data to fill the gap to get the picture and that's why we have the diversions between what is net sales revenue and what is consumption from AC Nelson.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: It is fair for us. I can't speak for other companies and in our case, inventory build or decline was not a major factor in our Q2 results.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Michael, this is Paulo. So, yes, you're right, we – our European business used to have a much higher business, if you think like one, two years ago, pretty much three things I would mention here, that impacted this. The first one was for sure the depreciation of the pound. That had a big impact (44:34), because part of what we sell in U.K. comes from Continental Europe, so that was an impact that we have a transaction effects. The second piece also is that we are growing more in the Continental Europe, so there is a geographical mix that changed. And the third also, we need to adjust slightly below lower margin because of – we add Russia on the Europe. So I think those three would be the main impacts in that order I told you in terms of that impacted the European margin. So I think going forward, I think we should see, as we always mention, our focus is in dollar margin to dollar growth, but as the business recover, I think we should see and should count on some margin accretion for the future.
