David H. Knopf: Hi, Ken, this is David. Thanks for the question. So, as I break this down for you, I think the first thing to reiterate here is commercial profitability for Q3 or the profit contribution from vol/mix and pricing combined was positive, okay? Which is good considering all the growth initiatives and stepped up merchandising activity that we had in the quarter. So, we're very happy with that. Beyond that, there are really four main drivers of the year-over-year decline, many of which were one-off in nature. So first, we have the stepped up commercial investments that we previously outlined, with Q3, seeing the heaviest quarterly impact within the year. Second, you have the swing from overhead favorability we mentioned last year to more normal incentive compensation accrual this year, so that is one-off in nature. Third, we had additional cost inflation that we previously noted, however the impact was worse in Q3 from our decision to prioritize customer service, as our volumes ramped up through the quarter, which in turn led us to delay certain supply chain savings projects and also by more spot markets freight than we otherwise would have. So, a lot of those factors were in fact kind of one-off in nature for the quarter. On top of that, we had some unanticipated one-off supply chain costs that were mainly related to the transition of the Middle East business to our European business. All that to say, we're not going to provide precise numbers around it but we expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of profitability to improve significantly beginning in Q4 and into next year versus what we saw this year and in the first half.
David H. Knopf: Yeah, sure, Ken. This is David, again. So I'd say some of the savings projects that we anticipated for this year were very much variable cost in nature, so things like yield and variable labor. So – and this is versus fixed cost that we've captured over the last three or so years. So we decided to delay some of those productivity initiatives that we're executing across our factories. And this is really to ensure that there is no disruption as volumes ramped up in the quarter and ramped up more than, frankly, we had expected. On top of that, the additional volume that we didn't anticipate above and beyond what we planned for came at an additional cost and a lot of those costs are logistics or freight related.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Bryan, thanks for the question. This is David, again. So as we said in the last call, as you pointed out, and as we said today, we do expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of EBITDA margin to improve in the back half and further improve in Q4. And this is based on the sustained organic top-line momentum that we're seeing, the one-off factors that I talked about that drag EBITDA this quarter which will fall away next quarter, and a better year-on-year balance between cost inflation and savings. Relative to your specific question that we talked for the last quarter, I think given the unexpected one-off factors in Q3 that we experienced, it may be difficult to get all the way back to the 50-50, first half, second half, (28:32) EBITDA that we targeted. But we should see a very good sequential improvement into Q4.
David H. Knopf: Sure, Steve. This is David, again. Thanks for the question. So we said that we expected Q3 adjusted EBITDA dollars to be down a greater order of magnitude than what we saw in the first half. So that gets you to more than $140 million at the start. So kind of two big factors in the quarter that took us lower than what we had originally expected. Again, we had a higher than expected one-off operating cost in the U.S. against a prioritized customer service. We delayed some of those savings projects to avoid disruptions. And we bought more on the freight market, which increased our logistics costs than we otherwise would have given the additional volume. And then on top of that, the unanticipated one-off supply chain costs. But again as I said, we expect both EBITDA growth and our absolute level of profitability to improve significantly into next quarter. But unfortunately, we're not going to provide any more specifics around the magnitude of that into Q4.
David H. Knopf: Sure, Steve. David, again here. Thanks for the question. So for 2019, we do expect a much better balance of top- and bottom-line growth going forward. In 2018, we've had a number of transitory issues that we don't expect to repeat. We really accelerated and pushed commercial growth harder given the greater visibility on the investments that we're driving and putting in the business. And then on top of that, the tax favorability which mitigated a number of these headwinds on the bottom-line. Going forward, we feel good about that balance for several reasons. Our ability to continue driving real volume/mix driven organic growth; our ability to drive EBITDA dollars and at industry-leading margins as one-off factors fall away and the contributions from our savings curve accelerate. And finally, I think our ability to build the brand and category advantages and capabilities that we've been talking about, the same thing will make two plus two greater than four in the event of a transformational deal. And then finally, with respect to your tax rate, I think we started the year a bit higher but based on further clarity on new tax laws, I think, we're really expecting to get to that 20% for the full year.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Dara. This is David, again. Thanks for the question. So, when we talk about our ability to drive EBITDA dollars, we do mean year-over-year.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Andrew, this is David. Thanks for the question. So, let me take your first question and then I'll take part of your second question and hand it to Bernardo. So in terms of the costs, additional costs that we incurred, that were one-off in nature to support the volume, these were not any sort of trade or slotting cost. These were twofold. One kind of logistics, freight costs which were higher than what we anticipated given whenever we have more volume than what we planned for, you need to go to the spot market and specifically more expenses. Going forward, as we planned the higher volumes, you wouldn't expect to see those same level of cost. The second piece was actually less about cost inflation and more about our savings projects, which we chose to delay. So, in short, it was not related to anything like freight or slotting fees. In terms of the commercial spending, I think just one important caveat here. We did talk about the incremental investments this year. We did have some kind of one-off costs associated with the fact that as you release this into the P&L, it did come in higher in Q3 than what would be reflected on a run-rate basis. So there is kind of some lumpiness from the quarter-to-quarter perspective that drove EBITDA down that is one-off in nature. But that's on top of the investments that we talked about and anticipated this year. And then, I'll turn it to Bernardo to answer your last question.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Chris. This is David. Thanks for the question. Yes, so, we did see both gross margin and SG&A increase into that way on EBITDA margin. Again, driven by the same factors that I talked about with the higher-than-expected supply chain cost in the U.S., okay? So more related to operations side. Disproportionate impact from the commercial investments that we made, which is going to be on the SG&A line. And then unanticipated one-off supply chain costs from the Middle East that we moved to Europe. And that will be more of a gross profit, gross margin impact. But again, as many of these one-off factors fall away, we would expect to see the dollars and the profitability improve significantly in Q4 and going into next year. And that's going to be across both gross margin and SG&A.
David H. Knopf: Sure. Akshay, this is David. Thanks for the question here. So, in terms of the commercial profitability, as we look at it, we define is as the contribution from pricing and vol mix, okay? So EBITDA together. And this is before things like investments and inflation on the business. Now, the reason that we're calling it out is because we think it's important to understand that even with the lower negative pricing year-over-year, the significant volume pickup that we had that was significantly positive leading to organic growth, was positive on EBITDA and not negative. That being said, we're still seeing inflation and we need to address the inflation in the business, which in the near term we're managing with our savings curve. And going forward we'll evaluate other levers like price.
David H. Knopf: Yes, Akshay. The key point here is that, profitability on a dollar perspective actually increased in despite negative pricing because our volume mix was so strong in the quarter, which we are very happy with.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Jason, this is David. Thanks for the question. That is correct. So the same factors that I outlined on a global basis are very much the drivers for the U.S. year-over-year and a big piece of that is going to be the bonus accrual that were lapping from prior year has an impact in our year-over-year growth. And then the other items were more related to our kind of current year margin profile, all of which together is why we feel confident that we'll see that sequential improvement into Q4.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Jason, this is David. So unfortunately we can't provide specific numbers on the bonus and some of these other drivers. But what I'd say is, the bonus is quite a large driver in the year-over-year delta as you can imagine the magnitude, the variable compensation that we have. On top of that the operational costs are also quite significant in the quarter, both the logistics costs I talked about as well as the savings projects that we didn't anticipate in Q3, but we're ready to execute at the right moment. And then finally there was a supply chain cost that we talked about related to Middle East and Europe. So, I think there are a few different components. The two largest I guess I can go ahead and say are the bonus and the higher operational costs that we talked about.
David H. Knopf: Sure. Thanks, Bernardo. I think a couple data points that I think Bernardo said earlier on the call. On a global basis, more than half of our categories are consumption growth in Q3, okay? And the second point to point out, I think a particular relevance in the U.S. Our categories are going through a trend then with aggregate consumption across our categories improving nearly two percentage points in Q3 versus Q2, which obviously excludes the one-off impact of nuts that we've talked about. But we've seen a sequential improvement both in measured channels, and as Paulo pointed, overall consumption. But on a global basis, more than half of our categories saw consumption growth in the quarter. Paulo, I don't know...
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Bryan. Hees (29:17) Bernardo. Look, we – like we always said, we like our portfolio. I think each brand has its role in its specific country and region. But we do evaluate every business and brand on its own and see the returns and what we can do with that, right? In the India case, I think it was very clear for us that we didn't have really the competitive advantage in the new market and the beverage portfolio we have in the country. It could not scale, right, for the level you wanted to. (29:55) And the value we're receiving from the proceeds are really higher than we could have been doing with the business. Like you said, I think there are other things to be considered within the portfolio in general. And we always evaluate very careful on a case-by-case situation. I think an important side effect of this is really the fact that we – obviously, with the proceeds, we're able to strengthen our balance sheet, right, and give us more firepower, especially in a moment where industry evaluations are more attractive, right? And that I think is a positive in this case.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Andrew. In respect of the level and thinking already about 2019, we do believe what's the right call in the beginning of 2018 to take the decision to go to the $300 million commercial investment given the benefit in the strong balance sheet we have with tax reform and so on. And this number is already in our base. So to be honest, looking to 2019, we do believe the investments we're doing now is not only for 2018, but there are significant benefits coming in the quarters to come in 2019 and beyond. I think the commercial results with the volume/mix grow especially in the United States is a good testament (41:01) to that. So as we're seeing today, I think the numbers are already in our base. We are not seeing the reason to increase that into 2019.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Rob. It's Bernardo. In regarding to metrics of compensation, and so as we have been discussing quite some time, we are very performance driven organization, right? In our case here, since the beginning of the year we have a combination of different KPIs between top-line growth that have been accelerating EBITDA and cash flow. And we deem the strength, the variable compensation established by – with this in mind and looking at our balance sheet, our performance this year have been surpassing significant performance last year. Not in all KPIs, but in general. And that relate to our variable compensation. With that I want to ask David to take the KPI overall metric that you're requesting.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: And Rob, just to complement on that, I think that what makes us actually positive about what's coming because you see consumption and share in most parts of the world really improving behind the commercial initiatives and the investments, right? Where the results representing now and we believe they can be sustainable in the coming months and quarters, we'll continue to see acceleration in share, in volumes and in the commercial performance in general.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Dara. This is Paulo. Thanks for the question. So when we think about the price and the profile we have in the quarter, it was really consistent with our expectations. The change from the positive pricing we had in the first half to a lower net pricing in the third quarter was primarily driven by three factors. The first one was we start lapping (35:45) the carryover pricing we had from prior year. Second, we pass through recent commodity declines, mainly in bacon. And given our strong innovation pipeline and portfolio position, we believe that was the right time to expand trial, consumption, and drive strong volume gains which we didn't (36:05). As David noted before, our commercial profitability or our profit contribution from pricing and vol/mix was solid. We believe that we have a very strong portfolio of brands with ability to price as we have been showing over the past several quarters as we've mentioned. And for your last point, and you look forward to the next year, for sure, price will be an important lever we will consider in managing our cost profile.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, David. This is Paulo. I think the main driver here to see this is the comments that we saw the commercial profitability that we saw in the quarter. So, we are really comfortable and happy with the efficiencies we got in the moment that we decided to do the investments we did. So, in the start of the promo discussion, I think we are – yeah, we've been investing in revenue management strategy. We've been getting (42:50), which type of promotion to execute. And an example, I think we were very successful in the beverage promotions that we did in ready-to-drink. And all this ended up appearing in our commercial profitability.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Chris, this is Paulo. Thanks for the question. We estimate that our underlying consumption growth in Q3 was roughly 1.3% across all retail channel splits and service. This excludes the Planters and club where we lapped shipment loss in July. The strong trends (45:22) we saw in first half was pretty much driven by frozen, snack nuts, beverage, meats and sauces businesses. The other drivers in Q3, if you go for Q3, were a combination of inventory shift and timing of (45:38) prior year. Net-net, these other factors added roughly 50 basis points to authentic growth in Q3.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, this is Paulo. So, again if you think about the breakdown between the 1.8% growth, 1.3% is coming from what we're seeing is underlying real consumption in Q3. The other 50 bps is the volume effect of that I mentioned about combination of timing of to expand an inventory shift (51:47). So the real consumption we see for the business is 1.3%. And this is pretty much a combination of a management channel's growing around 0.8% and un-corporate channels, including foodservice growing another 50 bps. So that is how we're seeing our consumption happen. So, we are very happy, confident with the consumption improvement. We are seeing this in Q3. We're also seeing this in Q4. So we're seeing our real, as I said, underlying consumption growth in Q3 in the level of 1.3%.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: No. No. What I said now is that our underlying consumption overall is around 1.3% growth year-over-year. And this 1.3% is a combination of measured channels 0.8% growth plus 50 bps coming from other unmeasured channels including foodservice.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: I can comment more about the U.S. What we can see is that in the first half we were losing and pretty much the same happened in 2017, we are losing around 0.6% share in our – across the portfolio. In Q3, we reduced this to 0.3%. And if we exclude the nuts business that we are lapping shipments since July, this number would go around 0.1%. So it's a significant improvement in share performance that we see in – moving – when we move through the year.
