Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to slide four, overall, we are encouraged by our U.S. results so far this year, as it reflects steady commercial execution in a year of transformation. In the first quarter, we had a mix of positives and negatives we have seen before. We have continued our momentum from investments in Heinz ketchup and mustard, Philadelphia cream cheese, Lunchables and P3, and ready-to-eat refrigerated desserts. At the same time, consumption and share challenges in ready-to-drink beverages, mac and cheese, frozen nutritional meals, and salad dressings remained. And, I will mention what we are doing about it in a moment. We did deliver sequentially stronger organic growth in Q1, although you will note that our growth was above consumption which you would have seen in our first quarter scanner data. This was due to three factors. First, we saw solid growth in our foodservice business and non-traditional retail channels like club and dollar stores. This is consistent with the business development or whitespace opportunities I mentioned on our last call. Much of it has been enabled by the combination of the Kraft and Heinz foodservice teams, and we should continue growing in coming quarters. The other two factors were new product pipeline fill from our solid innovation agenda and shipment timing between quarters, which we do not expect to repeat in the second quarter. We also saw our cost savings initiative pick up pace sequentially from Q4. This is from ZBB and procurement savings, adding momentum to the organizational structure savings we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. It positions us well as we ramp up modernization and capability-building within our manufacturing footprint, and continue to invest behind our brands and Big Bets over the rest of the year. I hope you have seen some of our advertising already, but our Big Bets activities are beginning to gain some traction in the marketplace, with more activities to come. For example, the launch of our Kraft Mac & Cheese renovation has been well received by consumers. And we supplemented that with the launch of new premium Mac & Cheese under the Cracker Barrel brand in the same category. We launched Capri Sun Organic and renovated our Kool-Aid Jammers product with fewer calories and no preservatives. We added a new line of premium pasta sauces under the Classico Riserva brand, made with no artificial ingredients or added sugar. We strengthened our barbecue sauces business by adding new lines under the Heinz brand, betting on consumer regional preferences in this category. And we added new lines to our salad dressing business including new packaging formats. It's very early days. And we are not claiming victory in any category; but to the extent we can prove the trend-bending ability of our Big Bets, it's not only good for Kraft Heinz, it's good for the center of the store in general. With that I'll turn it over to Paulo to wrap up our prepared comments.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Hi, Chris. This is George. Thank you for that. Easter for us was effective mainly in shipment. As I said in my remarks, what we saw – the difference between shipment and consumption was due to three factors mainly. One of them is the shipment timing, as we anticipated large uptake on promotions for Easter, and that was one-off and we would be giving back in the following quarter. The second one was filling the pipeline for the Big Bets NPD that we had and that was a one-off. And the third one, we have about 20% of our U.S. business, comes from foodservice and non-measured channels. And that for us was growing healthy at mid-single-digit in Q1, and we will continue to have a positive outlook on that part of the business.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Ken. I think for us, it's worth looking at different category performance. We have some performance in categories, we are really over-performing the category, like ketchup, mustard, pasta sauces, cheeses, Planters, single-serve coffee and we have categories where we are underperforming like frozen meal, bacon hot dogs, salad dressing. I think where we are underperforming, it's largely sometimes we are missing the mark from a consumer trends point of view rather than having a different business model. Our business model applies to all categories similarly. So from a relationship with retailers, we believe we have a very strong relationship, we have a positive relationship and we see a positive outlook there. The most important things between us and our retailers and in my discussion with many of them was whether we can maintain the service level up or not. And we have demonstrated not only we can maintain the service level and the Case Fill Rate, but we actually increased it and we feel good about that.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. First let me clarify something that we're unlikely to have shipment exactly in line with measured channel consumption in any given quarter. And this is – the fact is that the major big, the major and big holiday week were sales for us completely stock in consumption and many times they fall in different quarters to where the shipment goes. So your question is very good about, okay, how we can quantify that? The best way to look at it is, about 20% of our business doesn't come from measured channel, so the rest you can see this kind of data the way we see it. That business for us in Q1 grew at around low single digits to-mid single digits, and we expect to continue seeing positive outlook on that business. The other two, one of them was completely one-off. We launched four Big Bets in Q1, so we had one-off pipeline that would have a neutral effect moving forward, and one was timing of shipments between Q1 and Q2 that we'd see some of it reversing.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Andrew. You're right, that we did not have any disruption. We have been working very hard to ensure that we didn't get any disruption and we will continue working very hard not to get any disruption moving forward. However, there are a lot of headwind coming at us as you know that is putting downward pressure on sales, because historically in the U.S. market the growth did not come from volume. If you look back for the last number of years, it came from inflation and that inflation was based on commodities inflation. Now, we are living in an environment where there is no inflation in commodities, so it is harder to be able to say, to have a bullish approach to grow. What we said, and we'll continue to maintain, that we would have stable top line. And as you know, we have an exposure to a large number of commodities, so it's very hard to put exact number to it, but we feel that stability for us is a very good outcome.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Pablo. This is George. Let me start answering this backward on the second half of the question. Excuse me for not commenting on commercial relationship between us and our customers. This is a practice that we adopt for all our customers, not just the quick service restaurant. On the first one, from the SKU rationalization as part of the merger, there was no need for us to run a major SKU rationalization program, so it did not exist to bringing the two businesses together. However, having said that, SKU rationalization or pruning what we call it is always looked at as part of our assortment efficiency, so we do that as part of the disciplined business practice. It does not have a significant impact that is worthy of reporting, and that's why we do not mention it in our numbers here.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes, thank you, Matthew. This is George. I'll take that. In the coffee category, you are right to separate the roast and ground from the pods business or the single-serve. The decline in roast and ground is largely due to pricing. As you know, we had a deflationary impact in the marketplace, and that put downward pressure on pricing, the volume is declining, but that's slightly. So, that's not the bigger issue for us. And we are seeing and it has been going on for some time now, consumer shift towards the more convenient pods or single-serve categories. In this category, we are very pleased with our performance. As you know from the scanner data, we grew at over 13% year-to-date, compared to a category growth of 6.9%, so that is twice the category growth, and that's where we believe the future is going to be. We are also comfortable with where we are at from profitability point of view, during the time of deflation.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, David. Yes. The foodservice is not just a foodservice area, it's foodservice and other non-measured channels. So, it is anything that goes into club stores, commissaries, foodservice and Dollar General. For one, these businesses tend to have a higher rate of growth than the measured channels, and two, as I mentioned on the last call, we initiated a major whitespace and business development program that started to payoff, and we continue to see a positive outflow for these businesses.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yes, the advertising as we said on the last call that would be increased in the U.S. by about $50 million year-on-year, and the majority of this is being put behind the Big Bets. You would've seen the advertising so far on the new items that we have launched this Q1 and Q2 where the most of these advertising actually being spent and we will continue into Q3 and Q4.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Chris this is Paulo. You're right and I'll – we're seeing these savings appearing in our results earlier and then the majority of this is coming from our ZBB program and in some part also from the footprint that we started but the majority of them are coming from the ZBB.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Bryan, this is Paulo. I'm going to answer the first part of your question and then ask Bernardo to get the second. If you think about the EBITDA, if you isolate the North America, that is U.S. and Canada, the two countries that are really more exposed to the big four commodities in the savings initiatives that we are having this year; the EBITDA improved around $400 million. Out of this, $225 million are coming from our savings program as we disclosed, a bit more than the half the rest is coming from a price net of commodity favorability versus prior year that we are not expecting to repeat going forward. The balance is coming from a combination of other impacts including marketing timing.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi. So, hi, this is Paulo, Pablo. So let me maybe repeat what I said and explain the bridge. So what I said was that, we have two countries that are exposure today for the savings, for integration plans that we have that are U.S. and Canada, okay? So when you get the EBITDA improvement from these two countries, for the region for North America, the EBITDA improved by $400 million, $225 million came from the sales initiatives that we had. The balance, more than half, a little bit more than half of the balance is coming from price net of commodity that you're not expecting to repeat going forward. In the balance, it's a combination of other initiatives including marking time, not market timing, that was the view that we have. Going forward, we expect our program savings, it's still ramping up to the year every quarter until we get to the $1.5 billion savings through savings that we expect to see in 2017.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yes, Michael, let me start with the second. We don't break down volume mix when you see the number of categories and brands that we have, we don't provide this breakdown. In relation with the first question again, we have this program today that we are very focused to deliver, but again when you see, we're always going to be looking for in – we always benchmark ourselves, we benchmark the expense that we have, a lot of work in terms of what's the best way for us to provide in the cost to serve in the company, but yes, that's right, we're going keep the ZBB program, is a program that it refresh itself every year. So again, all the tools that we have, I'm sure that it will allow us, to be every time reviewing this and pushing more to have a more efficient company.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, David. Again, I think, as I was explaining, we had this benefit from the price net of commodity in the first quarter, that's prior year, that for sure was a benefit in terms of gross margin. We also had a piece of our savings a little bit less than half of the savings that $225 million, that is going – is coming – is appearing in the COGS that both of these factors or those of the facts impact the gross margin and kind of explain the majority of the improvement we had in the gross margin ratio. Again, that's not the clear way that we track the business, generally we separate more between contribution margin, variable cost and fixed cost. But those were the main facts that we had in the gross profit.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Priya. Again as you know, we have intention to redeem the prefer as soon as it gets callable beginning of June. We've talked a lot how accretive this transaction would be in terms of cash flow and earnings and EPS for the company. We are considering how close we are to access the market. I would prefer and I will disclose this information soon, as soon as we access the markets. But we are intended to access the market in the near-term.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Ken. Here's Bernardo Hees. I'm going to try to address part of your question, then I'm going to let George jump in to talk about the relationship with the clients and so on. The reason we're confident about the model moving forward, if you think about it, because you believe that efficiencies you're generating put us in a competitive advantage to really support and push an agenda of profitable growth, right, by investing the things we believe can really affect the marketplace, and like we say, really three pillars, is innovation through our Big Bets strategy, more marketing expenditures, and building the go-to-market capability. And if you see what's happening in the company is actually the opposite; you see marketing expenditures going up, selling expenditures going up, and the Big Bets are coming at a faster pace. So, there are a lot of challenge in our categories and like George was saying before, there is still a lot for us to do to overcome them not only here in the United States, but also in different areas of the world. But we truly believe we are preserving and investing where our consumers can see in the marketplace and the efficiencies can help us to have a competitive advantage to push the agenda of profitable growth. With that, I'm going to let George to complement with the client relationship.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: On your – Bryan, on your question about accelerating the sales initiatives and so on, it's really not too related to the financial capability in that sense and how much you can invest and so there are other considerations like George was saying by – with the product pipeline having the right consumer insight, testing well, having the right communication about it. So it takes some time and each category is a little different for us to – really what we call a big bet that we believe can generate the ROI in a significant step forward. So, it's not really having more financial capability or less, but having the discipline in the process to have a product and a proposition that we consider, we consider a winning proposition.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Vivek. It's Bernardo. Thanks for the question. I think, this – your question allows me to comment a little bit about the outperformance in Europe. And I think here, it's important to really separate a Continental Europe from the U.K. We had actually a very solid first quarter in Continental Europe from the Netherlands to Germany, France, Spain, even Italy, that has been more challenge for us. On the infant category, we had a better first quarter. On the other hand, the U.K. that's a significant part of our business, in Europe had key categories that experienced challenges, especially the soup one, that's related to your question about promo activity. And in the soup, Paulo mentioned that, during the remarks, we came, given the underperformance, we have on the four quarters during the soup season, we decided to protect market share and distribution infusing trade to the system. When you do that, you're already seeing in March, better volumes and better results and moving forward in U.K., we believe with the summer season coming and so on, we should see and should experience a sequential better quarters moving forward in U.K. I think in Europe as a group, what happened in the soup U.K. is a specific category and is a specific challenge situation from the retail environment and comparatives.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Matthew. No, I don't think there's nothing that's not in our plan already. So in a sense it's not that we're going to have higher cost because of the whitespace. You're right to say that given the investment and so on there is a migration of margins that's going to accelerate in the second year, third year and so as we ramp up the awareness, distribution, and so on. But I don't think that's that significant to change the way we think about the business in that sense. I think it's fair to say that our underperformance in the soup season in U.K. forced us to take other measures to put back distribution and market share. That's correct.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Michael, it's Bernardo. Look, the experience we have and the way we think about those tools forward was mentioned just a couple of minutes ago, it's much more as a system than really a one-off or it's not the way we do things here, that's why our thinking is very long-term in that sense. So ZBB MBO revenue management, all the innovation pipeline, the way we follow through the process here, we're looking 2016, 2017, 2020, 2025 and is a system. So our experience tells us, that's not a question of having a wall or not a wall like you're saying. It's a question as a system to prepare and to accept value where there are. And sometimes, you're going to be infusing quarter, taking cost that doesn't matter, but the system works in a way that you can identify the opportunity and invest behind, not only from a top line, but from bottom line. So if the process is working properly, I don't believe the situation is a one-off that to cross the line, because we self correct ourselves in a very fast way.
