Bill Johnson: Thanks, Meg, and good morning, everyone. Art and Ed, per our usual Q3 process, are going to discuss the company's strong third quarter results and then take your questions. But first, I'm pleased to announce a significant transaction that will greatly accelerate our growth in Emerging Markets and in Latin America, in particular. Heinz, as you all have noted in our press release this morning, has agreed to acquire an 80% stake in Brazilian food processor, Coniexpress S.A. Industrias Alimenticias and its Quero brand. Quero is a strong, rapidly growing brand with number one, and the number two positions in numerous tomato-based categories in Brazil and the leading position in vegetables. The brand aligns perfectly with our global portfolio and our core categories, and is already a leader in small, independent stores and shops throughout Brazil. With annual sales of approximately $325 million, Quero will provide Heinz with a tremendous growth platform in Brazil, the world's fifth most populous country with 200 million consumers.  We have established a short-term goal of around $500 million in sales through organic growth in the complementary launch of Heinz branded products, which we'll be speaking more about in May. Heinz has been assessing potential opportunities in Brazil for some time, and we are very pleased with the process that resulted in our tie-up with Quero. We expect to build on Quero's already impressive results by leveraging our experience with the modern trade, while also accelerating innovation and marketing to improve the brand sales and distribution. We're also planning to leverage our technical expertise in tomato processing in our Global Supply Chain to achieve synergies. The business will provide an excellent platform to expand sales and distribution of Heinz-branded product across Brazil, some of which will be produced locally for the South American market. Importantly, this pending acquisition gives us instant infrastructure in Central Brazil with a modern factory, a fully automated distribution center, and nearly 1,800 employees. Brazil, as I said, has been on our priority list for some time because of its size, attractive economic growth, large number of middle class consumers and strong growth prospects. As a reminder, Brazil generates almost 45% of Latin America's GDP. The transaction makes Heinz one of a select few CPG companies with meaningful businesses in the BRIC markets in Brazil, Russia, India and China, as well as Indonesia and probably, the only one of our size. The addition of Quero puts our Emerging Markets on track to generate more than 20% of total company sales in fiscal 2010, up from under 10% just a few years ago, and well ahead of the schedule I outlined at CAGNY last year. We expect to close this acquisition within the next few months. We also expect it to be modestly diluted in fiscal 2012 from an earnings standpoint, reflecting our plan to invest in marketing and improve capabilities, but also expect it to be accretive to earnings starting in fiscal 2013.  The acquisition will be essentially funded with cash on hand. I also want to point out that consistent with our strategy, this transaction resulted from a relationship endeavor and was not part of an auction process. Overall, this transaction is a major growth step under our Emerging Markets strategy. It is also another great example of our successful buy and built approach, which has delivered great results and dynamic growth in India, Indonesia and Russia. So with that brief overview of Quero until Q&A, I'll turn the call over to Art.
Bill Johnson: Yes. Terry, I do -- G&A was up in the third quarter, and we do anticipate that it will be up in the fourth quarter as we continue to invest in a number of areas, particularly Keystone. So we feel good about that. In marketing, we've got some very significant investments going into China, as you know, behind infant formula. And we continue to support our brands well, particularly, strongly in Emerging Markets. Having said that, it won't be as high as what we did in the fourth quarter. Because as you recall, the fourth quarter last year was a very significant increase in marketing and spending. So while we feel good about the overall number, it will probably be somewhat less in the fourth quarter than it was last Q4.
Bill Johnson: Yes. And as I said last week, Jason, and you probably are not going to get any more color then last week, because we were pretty clear in where we've taken price. We've taken it across a number of the businesses in Europe. We've taken it across a number of the brands in the U.S. There's still obviously some that we're not prepared to talk about. But generally, as I said last week, there's no way anybody is going to be able to avoid the pricing mechanism given the impact of commodity costs. They are just too high. And right now, they're really difficult to predict going forward, even with some of the turmoil in the world. So you'll continue to see, I think, us independent of what anybody else does as I continue to say, price against these commodity costs. And the hope is, and the plan is, and the strategy is, that we don't chase them.
Bill Johnson: I think Art showed you four, or five charts that said, obviously, we're continuing to do pretty well in those markets. Again, put Venezuela aside because of some unique aspects of that issue. But I think as you look at those, we're up double digits in all our key Emerging Markets. And we've been able to push price through. I think the other thing you have to keep in context is, that in those markets, unlike the Developed Markets, you're also seeing wages and salaries lifted in concert with the increased impact of inflation. That's the benefit of markets that are growing, as opposed to markets that are static with high levels of unemployment. So thus far, it has not been an issue. Now the UN tries to make an issue out of some of this stuff by talking at a macro business about staple products in some cases like wheat, flour, sugar, rice. But from our standpoint and the targets we reach predominantly, the middle-class and up, it has not been an issue thus far. I'm not saying it won't be, I'm just telling you thus far, we have not seen it.
Bill Johnson: And by the way, I think we've done more than a beachhead. I think we've opened the boat and we've stormed the shores.
Bill Johnson: I think, Diane, there's a couple of things to note. One, this business is virtually half of its business in tomato processing, and tomato products, which is something obviously, we bring great global capability and expertise in. So from that standpoint, it's right down our lane. The second big piece of it are vegetables, jarred, canned vegetables, which we do in New Zealand, which we do in Australia, which we do in Poland, which we do in a number of markets. And we think there's substantial cross opportunities. The market itself, GDP growth has been 10% to 15% over the last, say, five or six years on average with the exception, obviously, of the one bad year for all of us. We expect it to be about 7% to 10% going forward. While the infrastructure is not where we would like it to be in Brazil, it is actually better than some of the other Emerging Markets we're in, and we have a lot of experience in Venezuela that we find very applicable to Brazil. What we do like, it's got great growing areas. It's also got significant opportunities and upped the trade for us, because the business we're buying is predominantly down the trade and we're going to push into up the trade. The emerging trade there between Carrefour and Wal-Mart is becoming a much bigger piece. The middle class is growing rapidly among the 200 million people. This business has been around 25 or 26 years, and has been growing at a compound average rate between 10% and 15%, despite very little marketing and despite no up the trade presence. So from our standpoint, we find Brazil to be a market we've spent a lot of time learning about, we understand the infrastructure. This company has a world-class distribution base, which was very important to us in the new warehouse and distribution center they've built. They've got actually state-of-the-art ponds in front for wastewater removal. And so it is a really fantastic fit. And we find that the environment, particularly given the size of some of the cities like São Paulo and Rio and so forth, in some ways, better for us and more conducive. But I want to be clear, we have spent a lot of time looking at Brazil, studying Brazil, understanding Brazil before we made a move like this. But I think Brazil, in some ways because of the stability of their economic system and the government they have in place even with the recent presidential change, is a market that we feel very confident and comfortable going into. And as you know, the currency has strengthened precipitously, as have most of the Emerging Market currencies like the rupee and the renminbi. But the real has strengthened, even in the last several weeks, and is now BRL 1.65, BRL 1.66. So market, we're very comfortable with infrastructure-wise and talent-wise.
Bill Johnson: Between 10% and 15%, with the exception of the latest year. They run out of the capacity, they were out of capacity, which we obviously, will address very shortly, and that's part of our plans as we will do some other things. And we'll talk specifics about some of the intent at the May meeting. But they were out of capacity, we are adding capacity. I fact, they've been adding capacity. The other interesting thing about this business, they are also implementing SAP. And so we are buying a business that will be involved with SAP. They're in the process of turning it on in the next 30 to 60 days. So from that standpoint, it gives us a base from which to look at the rest of our Latin American businesses in terms of consolidation opportunity using their systems and processes. It's an extremely well run company.
Bill Johnson: Chris, you and I have had this discussion probably 100 times, and as I said last week, I'm not going to give you any insights to fiscal '12 quite yet. We'll come back and talk about that in May. Having said that, one of the things we're looking at marketing is returns on marketing, and where we can get growth and if you look at our Ketchup business globally, our Ketchup business is doing extremely well, and we're investing pretty aggressively behind Ketchup. We're also investing aggressively behind Frozen with the launch of TGIF and some of the changes in Ore-Ida, and they seem to be responding fairly well. In the U.K., we lapped a very difficult soup quarter from last year. We had no expectations of doing frankly, as well as we probably did during the quarter. But marketing is something we continue to look at, and as I said at CAGNY, and I'll go back and almost quote it verbatim, you should expect continued investment going forward in marketing, and that's as specific as I can be at this point until we get to the May session.
Bill Johnson: Well, it's a little bit of everything, Chris, but we will put money where we get the best returns. And there's no point in spending good money after bad, as numerous examples exist around the industry showing that. And as I said last week, all the money in the world behind a bad idea is still a bad idea with a bad result. And in that context, we will put money where we're getting a return. Obviously, Ketchup is giving us those kinds of returns as are Frozen, and we'll be very selective with it. But I don't think there should be any rush to judgment about we're going to move money from the Developed Markets to the developing markets, nor do I think there should be any rush in judgment that we're simply going to cut D&A and drop it. We will reinvest it against areas we think that provide us the best returns for the shareholders.
Bill Johnson: Well, I think in response, there's a couple of things to note. One, as I said at CAGNY last week, we have never seen more opportunities than we're seeing now, and we've been very selective, as I've also indicated last week, about our choices. Foodstar is a business that fits right in the middle of our heartland core category of condiments and sauces. Quero is virtually the same thing, Meals & Snacks and condiments and sauces, particularly with its strong Ketchup business, its strong Pasta Sauce business, and its Tomato Sauce businesses. And so I think you'll continue to see us focus on those areas and in those core categories. I do think that there are a number of lessons. And frankly, we probably don't have enough time to articulate them. But the key thing is buy a good brand. And in Brazil, by the way, the Quero brand is virtually 100% of the sales that I mentioned at the outset, which means it will move into our Top 15 brands next year. Foodstar has two brands in Guanghe and Master. And so as you look, we're trying to buy concentrated brands, buying good management. The second thing we're trying to do is not buy businesses that have been grown simply through SKU proliferation. Interestingly enough, the Quero business, which is $325 million right now, has about 100 SKUs. The Foodstar business has less than 40 SKUs, so we're trying to find really focused businesses with strong growth prospects with good manufacturing capabilities. The things we've learned are you have to put management in immediately so that they can learn the business. Because ultimately, the owners that sell these businesses decide that they'd rather go do other things, or they lose interest. So you need to get management in quickly. You need to bring financial processes and discipline in. And the biggest lesson we've learned and it's one we probably should have known but we really learned a lot of it through China this year, is you have to get your investments upfront. Not only in capital but in marketing. And in some of our businesses, we probably waited too long in our zeal to try to sort of balance the profit hit from these businesses from a dilution accretion standpoint, rather than investing aggressively upfront like we're doing in Foodstar which, as Art said, we're running difficultly on capacity, although the new factory will be up in a couple of months and we'll do the same thing here. So the biggest lesson: Good management, focused portfolios, strong brands, good infrastructure, manufacturing capacity and invest upfront, don't wait.
Bill Johnson: Yes. The Middle East and Latin America come to mind, as do currencies and Emerging Markets, and we're lapping a very tough quarter last year in CP. So there are a number of things. And the reason we gave ourselves the range is it reflects the pass through of currency. But we also said it reflects the knowledge we have right now of the issues in the Middle East and Latin America. And you tell me where's it going to go? We just don't know.
Bill Johnson: Any investments behind TGIF and Dip & Squeeze will be variable based on the distribution we gain and based on the number of SKUs the customers take and so forth. We've built in, obviously, projections. I will tell you that the T.G.I. Friday's business is going in far better than we anticipated. It has been incredibly well received, as has Dip & Squeeze but TGIF, I have to tell you, has been, frankly, surpassed what we thought were pretty bullish expectations.
Bill Johnson: Absolutely. I'll be glad to give you a positive. I have a slum billion full of positives. And the positives include the launch of TGIF, which have a positive benefit on the company next year; the launch of Dip & Squeeze, which will be fully distributed by this time next year across a number of accounts. The innovation activity we're seeing in Europe and across the company, the continued performance of growth in the Emerging Markets, which we expect to be every bit as good next year as this year. And the reality is that while you see Brazil and China in terms of Foodstar and Quero as maybe negatives, we see them as incredible positives, not only in terms of the creation of the top line but the creation of long-term profit and top line growth. I mean, put in perspective that next year, and I said this in the script, so I don't mind talking about it, next year, we expect Emerging Market sales, short of something else happening, to be north of 20% of the total sales of the company. If we continue to drive the growth in those markets that we've given in the past, I think you can start to get a sense of the top line impact that both Foodstar and Quero can have in terms of engaging that number. We've got a lot of activity planned that we'll take you through in May. There's a lot of good stuff going on, Eric. I just want to point out, and you guys wrestle with quarters, I wrestle with the health of the company and the long-term prospects, Quero and Foodstar, very positive moves. But Keystone will bring huge benefits once we get it in place. Unfortunately, it's lengthy and it's time-consuming and it's difficult, it's very complicated. We've got a number of opportunities for investment next year, which we'll talk to you about in May. So I mean, I see overall the health of the company next year being pretty extraordinary. I do think there are some things that we need to continue to be open about, and one is the investment in Keystone, two is the dilution impacts from Foodstar and Quero, and the reason we're not breaking those out now is because we're still working on the plans, and we'll take you through those in May in specifics. But we talk about the negatives because we try to be open and transparent. We don't see them as negatives, we see them as investments, necessary investments for the long-term health and growth of this company. They can be interpreted as negatives, they're certainly not meant to be negatives, they're meant to be the reality of hey, we're investing to continue to drive the performance this company has seen over the last six or seven years and to continue to distinguish ourselves from our peer group.
Bill Johnson: Let me address the margin issue and I'll let Ed address the accounting issues, because I think there's some clarification that's needed. From a margin standpoint, this business is comparable at gross margins to our other Emerging Market businesses. It's in the businesses as we operate in terms of tomato processing and in some of the other areas that we think we can bring enormous capacities and capabilities to that will help us. So from a margin standpoint, we're very pleased with where this business is, and I think long term, expect significant improvement in it, given it's the business we know best.
Bill Johnson: No, no, no, no. I said, short term. Our goal is to get the $500 million. And I did not articulate Heinz Ketchup. I said we will be launching Heinz branded products over a period of time. The first priority is to get management in, in place in terms of finance and control functions and compliance functions and marketing and so forth while we're equally, and while we start investing behind the Quero brand and in the development of Heinz ideas for the market. The second thing we're doing is obviously, they've been buying Heinz seeds but we're going to bring them up-to-date with the Heinz seeds that are proprietary to us to help the crop improve the yields and obviously, improve the ultimate output of their products. I mean, they are a strong company. The brands we bought, the brand we bought, is number one and number two in virtually every category from a volume standpoint, and only two categories falls below that from a dollar sales standpoint curve, I mean, the value standpoint. So I think the reality is that management, investment, processing capability, technical health and then the launch of some businesses, either the import of those businesses or local production of those businesses or the export of some of the businesses. I want to make one comment about their business that's going to be very interesting to watch in our company. They have uniquely developed a tetra pack package of Beanz and they've got about three or four varieties in tetra pack beans, something we've struggled to do as a company over the last decade or so. And so we can take some of that knowledge and that know how, particularly with tetra, they are way ahead of us in terms of working with tetra as a company, and we can apply that knowledge elsewhere in our organization. So this is another example of a two-way street between an Emerging Market business that's actually got factual basis to help us improve in other areas of our company, while we help them.
Bill Johnson: Well, I can try to -- obviously, my response was short and [indiscernible], but I think what I'll leave it to is the fact that we'll tell you in May.
Bill Johnson: That's always a big concern, that's why we'll try to press on in the company, to continue to develop talent. That's why it's part of our strategic plan, that's the fourth pillar but maybe the most important pillar is to continue development, growth, recruitment of talent in the company and spreading them out. Fortunately, we have a fairly talented group of people in Venezuela, some of which speak Portuguese quite well, and we can deploy as needed. But, yes, that is always the ultimate issue, David, not only in finalizing and putting the people in place in the deal, but actually getting the process through. I mean, we've now done two pretty sizable deals in the last six months in Emerging Markets. And as I said, and I think I was pretty clear at CAGNY last week in one of the Q&As, we have a number of deals that we're looking at, but we've had to spread them out because we simply don't have the resources to get them done. We have the financial wherewithal, but not the resources. So, yes, that is a key question and something we wrestle with virtually, daily.
Bill Johnson: Andrew, I think there are a couple of charts that show that the profit growth in Europe, in North America and in Foodservice for the quarter were very strong despite, as you point out, flattish volume with the exception of North American Retail, which was pretty solid. Secondly, if you look at two of our major cores, I mean, you talk about the core, but our top 15 brands have been growing very robustly at around 4% organically year-to-date, and Ketchup is up around 5% organically year-to-date. So those two businesses, the top 15 brands which were 70% of the sales of the company and generally are our better mix items and Ketchup, which is not generally our better mix item, but is really among the best in the company, are all continuing to do well. And clearly, we've got an issue this quarter with soup in Europe between Germany and the U.K. and I just pointed out that the softness in Australia and New Zealand in the quarter. And I think fundamentally, you back out Venezuela in Foodservice and we show better results. But the areas we focus on most, the top 15 brands, Emerging Markets and Ketchup are all doing very well, and that's really where the focus is. And so I would expect over time, the top 15, or the top 16, or 17 brands, that 70% number could grow and increase in its level of importance, which is good for the shareholders and good for us. And so that's really where the focus is. So while I'm not obviously ecstatic about the performance in the developed markets, the slide did point emerging versus developed, it did not point out emerging versus top 15 brands and versus Ketchup, which as I said, is doing very well.
Arthur Winkleblack: Thanks, Ed. Now with three quarters done this year, I'd like to update our outlook for the full year.  As Bill discussed at CAGNY, we have increased and narrowed our reported EPS range for the year, from $295 million to $305 million, to now $304 million to $310 million. This reflects better-than-expected currency dynamics for the year and improved operating performance. Now it's important to note that these projections do not include any one-time costs associated with closing the Quero deal in Brazil. To the extent that the deal closes in this fiscal year, we could incur about $0.03 of transaction-related costs. Bill also announced that we expect to deliver $1.2 billion in operating free cash flow for the year. This would be up $200 million from our original target and an all-time record for Heinz.  And turning to revenue, we've mentioned through the year that we thought our sales goal was the most challenging part of our outlook, and expect it to come in at the low end of the range. We now believe that constant currency sales growth for the year will be between 2% and 3% due to the impact of a month-long labor stoppage at our main plants in Venezuela, and slower than expected recovery in U.S. Foodservice industry.  The good news is that union employees are now back on the job in Venezuela, and we are back at the bargaining table to work toward a mutually beneficial agreement there. Looking at Q4, we expect to make a number of investments to continue to fuel future growth. The first is the launch of nine SKUs of T.G.I. Friday's single-serve meals that we previewed at CAGNY. As Bill noted, our retail partners are excited about the coming launch, and believe that the new products could help jump start the category. The second is to launch an ongoing expansion of Dip & Squeeze in Foodservice. The third is our continuing investment in Project Keystone as we drive stronger processes, consistent with capabilities across the company; and the fourth is investment in our new acquisitions. We are already moving quickly to improve capabilities and enhanced marketing in our Foodstar business. In summary, the business is continuing to perform well in challenging times. Our top line performance is driven by our trio of growth engines: Emerging Markets, Top 15 brands and Global Ketchup. Our bottom line continues to benefit from our culture of strict operational discipline, and we are on track to deliver our full-year earnings and cash flow targets. And we're continuing to build a runway for further growth as we invest for the future. With that, now we'll open it up for your questions.
Arthur Winkleblack: Terry, on SG&A, SG&A was actually up in the quarter and G&A was up significantly. Now we don't break that out for you, we mix it in with the SG&A numbers. But G&A was up significantly, reflecting the investments. In fact, I think if you talk to my management team, the one line of the P&L I keep pressing them on is SG&A, because of the investment in Keystone and some of the other areas. So if you go back and look, I mean, gross margin was up 30 basis points, could have been up 50 basis points, and SG&A was up 50 basis points year-on-year. And so I think from that perspective, I think SG&A is a line that you will continue to see move up until we get Keystone fully implemented and rolled out. And the big expenses will come, as we said, this year in the third and fourth quarter in particular, and then moving through next year as we get North America brought in, as I said in CAGNY last week.
Arthur Winkleblack: The other thing, Eric, the tax rate will be higher in the fourth quarter, as Ed mentioned. And depending upon timing of audit settlements and things like that, that's a line that's always a little bit variable.
Arthur Winkleblack: Think about innovation as being a real engine for us, constant currency sales growth, an engine for us, productivity, we're continuing to focus on with our global supply chain. And frankly, pricing, but we'll see how that all shapes out. So I think, as Bill said, lots of good things going on, and while we invest for the long-term as well.
Arthur Winkleblack: Yes, I think the impact in Asia/Pacific in terms of the overall segment was Australia and New Zealand. If you look at Asia, we're up double digits. So it's really the Pacific has slowed down, and Asia is booming.
Arthur Winkleblack: And I think stabilization of the food service industry, it does seem to continue to be coming back a little bit better to the extent that, that flattens out, that will certainly be a positive impact on us.
Edward McMenamin: I think, as we mentioned last week at CAGNY, we have priced in a number of areas. We've taken pricing on ketchup, condiments and sauces in the U.S., frozen potatoes, we've moved up on select Foodservice product, we have taken some pricing in the U.K. and in other markets where commodities has provided some cost pressure. So we're moving, and not until we've done very deep analysis on elasticities and things like that. So we feel comfortable with where we are on pricing. We'll continue to watch it to the extent that commodities continue to accelerate, we will take a look at what we need to do on that front. So again, pricing has come in this industry over many, many years and many, many decades. So we will deal with what comes.
Edward McMenamin: It's really been consistent with the past few years. We've seen quite a bit of inflation and quite a bit of pricing in those markets where they're higher, frankly, in the trade in those markets. It's hard doing business and therefore, one of the things that makes operating in Emerging Markets an advantage.
Edward McMenamin: I think the EPS number that we're expecting in the fourth quarter is well ahead of the EPS in the fourth quarter last year. So a good, healthy growth, but we do expect to invest in the business, as I outlined in the prepared remarks. So I think all those things are good. And as Bill mentioned, a key variable is really in Latin America or Venezuela with the labor situation, the guys are back at work. But the contract is yet to be done, and so we're looking to see how that comes out. But Venezuela has an impact.
Edward McMenamin: Eric, on the 20%, we already have a non-controlling interest line open for a couple of our other joint ventures. That 20% will be -- this share of that profit will be reflected down there.
Edward McMenamin: If you remember from an accounting standpoint in the old days, you could take the one-time costs associated with the deal, put it on the opening balance sheet. That is no longer the case and that's why I mentioned the potential one-time cost that will come either in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter depending upon the timing of closing the deal.
Edward McMenamin: When you look at the Developed Markets that we talked to, Foodservice, Germany, Australia, they tend to be our lower margin Developed Markets. So again, that's what's -- you suffer a little bit at the top line, but still driving strong bottom-line.
