Bernardo Vieira Hees: Well, let me start with the investment part of your question. We're happy that we accelerated the investments we announced at the beginning of the year, creating the capabilities that I really believe are going to stay here. You're going to start seeing the second half of this year, but are going to stay with us in 2019 and beyond, right, behind go-to-market sales teams, channels, activations, innovation, marketing dollars and so on. We always said that was one investment that we would see results in the year to come. So, we're happy with the program. And as we always said as well, we wouldn't hesitate to sacrifice a point of margin to generate accelerated growth on the top line. With that in mind, your question is given the capability we're building, now how this plays on M&A or more organic plans for the company, right? What I can say about that is pretty much what we have been saying and have been consistent for quite some time. Our framework has really not changed, right. The fact that we like big brands, the fact that we like business that can travel and international, the fact that we do like to take synergies from existing business and to reinvest behind brands, behind products and behind people. I don't think that this framework change because of the capabilities we're developing. Why I can say that with the experience we have today after being – since Heinz 2013 – five years into the industry, the knowledge on the category, the knowledge of the things that do work and things that you have seen that do not work, and so on, allows us to be much more confident where to put the money, what assets can be turned around, and things that can really be within this framework. And also true to the fact that our ability to integrate and to connect companies for a bigger scale and so on, given that you have been doing that for quite some time. And every time we have been doing better, got faster and we have a better understanding. To your question about assets, slower growth, or higher growth, and so on, I don't think that changed with what we have in mind from a framework standpoint.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thanks, Bryan. It's Bernardo. The investments were announced. What really scaled up was a one-off, the $300 million that you want to accelerate the capability to have in the company in go-to-market, channel activation, in innovation launch platforms, and service levels with specific investments directed to specific customers especially in the United States. So that, I would say, is coming really well, creating the capability the company has for the future, not only we expect to see that already has some results in the second half of the year, but 2019 and beyond. That is, like we said before, a step-up as a one-off. Okay? Related to the second part of your question about the capabilities of integrating faster in an M&A environment, how this would happen, those capabilities will help us. I think, like I said, at the first question, the learning and the experience we have today allowed us to have very knowledge on each one of the categories and those capabilities are created when you think about revenue management, assortment management, planogram, go-to-market, breakthrough innovation, channel mix, activation in e-commerce, Foodservice, clubs, drugstores, all these kinds of capabilities, they are scalable in an organic environment.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Michael. It's Bernardo. With respect to food service, it has been actually a white space opportunity worldwide, not only here in the United States, that you have been growing now for the second year in a row. But worldwide has been double-digits growth, in Europe. We have seen many countries in Asia that have been experiencing growth in food service. Remember, we're building a factory in countryside at Brazil in the state of Goiás that there is a significant volume related to food service. So it has been a strategic decision from the company to create capabilities in different zones and countries to push this. We do believe our products resonate in a big way. There are some adaptations, and I think we're getting better as a company to create the right packaging and the right product assortment to understand the dynamics of this channel that are different than normal retail channel. So that has been something that has been improving in the company. We do expect that to continue in the years to come. And do expect us to get better and to be stronger in the food service channel than we've ever been, again, not only in the United States that has been more a reality for some time but other parts of the world. The second part of your question about the capabilities and how to evaluate from an M&A standpoint, remember, we are seeing that and we are doing that, taking brands from existing countries and making them on a global or a zoned stage now for some time, right? We had the repatriation of Kraft this year in Europe and Australia. I think a good example that is unfolding as we speak is the launch of BULL'S-EYE barbecue and premium sauces in UK and Continental Europe. And we're seeing Kraft being deployed now in Latin America; being launched in Brazil. It's being launched in many countries in Asia. We are seeing Planters being deployed in UK, Continental Europe, China and other countries. So we have been doing that. I don't think – and understanding the category and having a stronger brand that resonates sometimes in a country like America. In the case of BULL'S-EYE, it was very strong in Germany, and now we are making in different countries in Europe, but understanding the strength of the brand, what is the category drivers and what consumers want, I think the connection is quite there. As we evaluate new brands on the organic, for sure always there are risks. But I would say our experience today allows us to be more assertive about it.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi. Here's Bernardo. If I understood correct the question about there is something structure that would be in the middle of more consolidation and M&A in the industry, right? And then you relate to the Walmart example. We really don't see that way. I think the food industry is an industry that has not consolidated with the same speed as other industry. There are some reasons for that given local pace and regulations and other things, but not to the extent we have seen it. So we do believe looking mid or long-term that there will be more consolidation in the industry and we have not shying to say that we want to be a force behind this when the process happens, right? To your point about structural obstacles and so on, we don't see really any in that sense. I think again it's important in our case to be very disciplined on our approach and our framework like that has not changed. We are disciplined on price to the value creation equation. I think we have proved that over time and that's something we believe is important for the long-term value creation equation, okay? And I think also important to say, we don't do something to be happy for a quarter and then be regretting for the long-term to be apologizing for the next couple of years. When it move, we definitely move with a much longer-term view believing that something is going to make the company stronger for the years to come.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: And, David, from a worldwide standpoint, we have Europe, Middle East and Africa continuing to grow with the same momentum they have in the first half of the year. We do see acceleration in Latin America especially after the strike event in Brazil in May, in June, July and moving forward we do see acceleration in some countries in Asia where you have the one-offs with the problems with fish supply in Indonesia and some inventory timing in China behind us. And we do you see a barrier sequentially performance in Canada, right, given the level of activation and innovation coming to market in the second half of the year in the country. With this picture, together what Paulo just mentioned in the United States, we feel confident about the acceleration and the connection between the investment we announced in the beginning of the year and the results you're going to see in the top-line in the second half of the year, Q3, Q4 going into first half 2019.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi Jon. The way we see that and if you think about what we did, was not really a change on the plans we had. We knew the capabilities were there and we knew what to do. We took advantage of a better scenario we had in the United States from a free cash flow standpoint and we did accelerate the plans we had from a commercial standpoint to drive those capabilities, right? So it's not something that was new to us but the acceleration given the numbers we have been seeing in the pilots we run in 2016, 2017, allowed us to be confident about where we are deploying the capital, right? And the reason you're going to see that is because a lot of the innovation that's coming to market, Just Crack an Egg, we started in 2016, right? Planters Crunchers, Heinz Real Mayo, Capri Sun natural, Capri Sun zero sugar, pasta sauce, Heinz in Continental Europe, BULL'S-EYE in Continental Europe, Heinz and Kraft Mayo in Southern Cone and Brazil in Latin America, right? The expansion of two biscuit category and nuts category in China, right. All those things we're having time and have been developed but with the acceleration of those capabilities, understanding the category, connecting to our field teams in some countries that we wanted to expand, getting our channels right and so on, would allow us to be in a position not only in the second half but looking at 2019 and 2020 in a better way. That's what I'm saying, that's a one-off to enhance our capabilities and then we come back to a normal plan. So looking 2019 and 2020 you're probably going to go back to match our returns in a normal year plan, what's the return given my results on net sales, my results on profitability, and so on. We continue to be very focused in value creation, right? That's us. We're a performance-driven company and we are very pleased with the culture and with the way it is progressing the morale, the way we're seeing the second half of the year, the way our employees that's really the competitive advantage of the company is really engaging with the plans we have for the short-term in the second half 2018 but looking into 2019 and beyond. So we do believe there is a return for that and that's why we're confident in the investment we're making.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Alexia. This is Paulo. So again, we believe that we have strong brands. We have differentiated products. We have a strong innovation pipeline and so far we've been able to drive our brands and products in line with what we perceive to be the value to the consumer, so. But we always keep in mind it's very important to us to strike the right balance between market share, distribution and profitable volume. So this balance will play very differently in each category that we play. So today, I can say that the relationship we have with customers are going very well and a very clear connection with all of them.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Alexia, as a matter of practice, we don't forecast pricing for the future. But what we can say there, the growth that we expect to have in the second half is going to be more balanced to volume mix.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Chris. This is Paulo. I think that is one of the components, as we said. We are confident that we're expecting sales to grow in U.S. in the second half. I think one component that we are seeing is that you can see that our categories are improving, our categories now are growing. And on top of that, the big headwinds in share that you were seeing, these negative headwinds, we expect them to fade. I can give examples of cold cuts, Ore-Ida, lost distribution that we have, the capacity restrictions we had. Now we have the capacity in place, so we expect to recover the distribution. I can also say that on top of that, we're going to see our – we have a strong innovation pipeline coming to the market that's already distributed – and also a much better and stronger program driving improvement in consumption. So pretty much this is the main pillars to support our expectations for growth in the second half.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi. This is Paulo. No. I think that is a balance. It's always a balance as we've been discussing. Again, we've been able to price our brands so far but the way that we approach this is not to price to offset a specific cost. It's really to find and to strike the right balance between a profitable volume, distribution, and share. So that's our approach. At the end of the day, profitability is one of the components. It's not the only one. We see the bid is more – as what's the position that we're going to take that's going to be healthier for the business looking to this three components that we shared. But so far as we said, we've been able to price our booked volume (48:45) in line with the value that we have, that our products have for the consumer, so.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi. This is Paulo. I'm going to speak for the last year. Pretty much the components are the ones we were sharing. So first of all, we are seeing our categories improving, so our categories are running positive today. Many negative shares that we saw in the first half of the year are fading. We have in the innovation pipeline coming and again when you see what is giving us confidence on that in the U.S. is that when you see the consumption of figures that we have for July, these already happened. We are already trading positive consumption in the month in July. So it's pretty much just the combination of improvement in the categories, the negative headwinds that we have fading, investment in innovation and better programming that is giving us this confidence by the second half.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Bryan. This is David. That's correct. We talked about at the beginning of the year, commercial investments and investments in service between $250 million to $300 million, so now we expect to be on the high end of that at closer to $300 million.
David H. Knopf: Sure. Hi, Rob. This is David. Thanks for the question. So in terms of the second half cadence, so I'll start with Q3. So, our profitability in the quarter in Q3 versus last year is going to be driven by three factors. So first, we expect that the swing from overhead favorability we mentioned last year to a more normal incentive compensation accrual this year to be roughly $75 million to $100 million in the quarter. Second, as noted, we plan to be at the high-end of our commercial investments for the year. So again, the high end of the range of the $250 million to $300 million I mentioned and this is to support our second half growth initiatives more strongly. And third is the fact that the additional inflation we noted is running ahead of our savings curve in the short-term. So those are really the three factors in Q3 that are going to drive that trend. Going forward in Q4 we expect our comparisons to ease and our savings curve to accelerate, although we think it's best to maintain a conservative set of expectations with regard to cost inflation. So that's why we think the year is going to look a little bit more balanced versus what we talked about earlier in the year.
David H. Knopf: Yes. So in terms of tariffs, I think the point that I want to get across is given what we're seeing we want to be conservative and that drives our kind of outlook for the year. But these types of things, we're not exactly sure what will stick and for how long. So we're not going to take a stance yet on potential actions that we can take to offset those things, so I'm not going to talk about that now but I think given those factors and some of the cost inflation we're seeing in the market, again, we're going to have this kind of more conservative stance on the year.
David H. Knopf: Sure. Hi, Chris. This is David. So I won't talk specifically on the quarter but I'd say overall for the year we continue to expect pricing relative to our key commodities to be stable. We have recently seen some key commodities come down more recently and expect that for the year. But as a matter of practice, we're not going to discuss potential future pricing actions relative to that. But as Paulo said earlier, we're confident in the strength of our brands and will continue to strike a balance between market share distribution and profitable volume as it relates to commodities.
David H. Knopf: Yes. So it's certainly part of the equation there. We're not going to provide color on pricing going forward. But between commodities, non-key commodity inflation, we think in terms of pricing and potential productivity initiatives to offset that.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Jason. This is David. That's right. We expect it to be a little bit more balanced, 50-50 for the year.
David H. Knopf: Sure, Jason. This is David. So let me walk you through kind of the cadence of what we're seeing for the rest of the year. So we continue to have good visibility on significant productivity and cost savings initiatives for the remainder of the year and going into 2019 as well. That said, as I talked about, we're seeing additional cost inflation that in the immediate term is outpacing the savings curve, and it's just kind of two factors. So first, we have some costs that are staying higher for longer, and in some cases like freight, they're continuing to climb this year. And then second, as I talked about, we had some headwinds from tariffs as well, of which we're not exactly sure what will stick or for how long. But for those reasons, we think it's better to take a more conservative stance. At the same time, we have an opportunity to drive sustainable consumption gains from investments that Bernardo mentioned in our commercial pipeline. So again, we think it's best to kind of head into the second half with a more conservative set of expectations around near-term EBITDA dollars, especially for Q3, as I mentioned, and continue to focus on the sustainable top- and bottom-line growth going forward.
