Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you very much, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. As usual, I will start the update for our U.S. business on slide 4. Overall, we continued to move in the right direction during the third quarter. We leveraged Kraft Heinz's scale at retail with a well-executed Labor Day event. We're seeing solid consumption gains in a number of our largest categories, including continued growth in our frozen business, Kraft American slices and Heinz Ketchup, as well as innovation-led growth from Lunchables and P3, and our renovation of Oscar Mayer hot dogs driving improved category performance. Our share performance has remained consistent overall, continuing with positive share trends in roughly half the business in measured channels, despite the strong private label push that you've seen in the past few quarters. In outside measured channels, in Q3, we began once again to deliver faster than market growth in foodservice and our e-commerce sales are up more than 70% year-to-date. That's not to say that we don't still have some market share and consumption challenges. But they remain concentrated in the same few categories we've been talking about for some time, and we understand what needs to be fixed. They include cold cuts, which continues to be a largely self-inflicted problem with delays in new equipment start-up that will, in fact, impact Q4 merchandising, sales and market share; natural cheese, where shares remain under pressure due to increasing price gaps to private label; and, finally, ongoing weakness in our Kraft salad dressing business. Overall, the fact that we're building momentum as we take significant steps to transform our U.S. business gives me comfort and confidence in handing the business off to my partner and friend, Paulo. So for the outlook, let me pass the baton to Paulo.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, David. This is Georges here. I'll take the question. There's no doubt that there is a change in the retail landscape today, and a change in the retail landscape is not something new. What is new is the frequency and the speed at which the market is changing. So we are seeing the majority – the vast majority of retailers investing to provide consumers with more shopping options. So we see almost everyone now trying at some stage in the cycle to offer in-store pickup, delivery to home, and people coming and shopping inside their stores as usual. Our job is to be agile enough to deliver the relevant offering and the bundle that consumers – that caters to consumers' shopping options. That's what we need to do, and that's where we're making the majority of our investments. For us, it is not a question that, for instance, we have to choose between an e-commerce versus a traditional channel. It is operating in every channel effectively, and that's the job to be done. And that's the job that we are focusing on.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Well, for us the contribution margin from the sales in the e-commerce channel are comparable to the traditional channel because the physical movement of product is the same from us to the customers. Where we are making the investment, however, we're making an outsized investment to build our capability for the pull factor because the way consumers shop when they are in front of a screen, or they're using the mobile commerce, or they're using the voice commerce, is very different to their shopping behavior when they are walking through the aisle. And so our focus to making an investment to be able to cater for that and stimulate demand for us and our trading partners. So we will see that investment catching – the return catching up once we build scale in this area.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Jonathan. When we reviewed our e-commerce strategy as we built the team, we looked at all options, and we felt and we decided that the most efficient option from an end-to-end supply chain is to partner with retailers because of the scale that they provide for everybody. And we decided that for the physical movement of product, we keep using central distribution warehouses to get the physical movement of product to retailers and our investment is better made to build a relationship with the consumers and convert these consumers as customers of our trade partners. And this is where we're investing the money, this is where we're putting our resources. And from the pilot that we did, and we had a number of initiatives that we tested in the marketplace, it proved very efficient, profitable, and can deliver growth for both of us, ourselves and our major customers.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Thank you, George, and hello, everyone. Let me start by saying that I'm very excited to be leading the U.S. business, and I feel good about our ability to continue delivering profitable growth, despite the fact we must keep adapting to a rapidly-changing retail environment. I think, the challenges we face and the actions we need to take are clear and straightforward. It centers on capturing several opportunities we have to drive better consumption trends, including leverage data to make our marketing as effective as possible from marketing mix to quality impressions, executing our strong pipeline of innovation and renovation, sharpening our category management skills through revenue management and assortment management capabilities, continue to invest in sales to ensure we have the right product range at the right account in the right geography, as well as ramping up our efforts outside traditional channels to capture incremental growth opportunities including foodservice and e-commerce. In the near term, I expect that we will see many of the same underlying trends that George described for the third quarter continue to play out in the fourth quarter, and positioning ourselves for a solid 2018, including the completion of our footprint initiatives is a key priority. But let me turn it over to David to better frame what we've seen and what to expect within the numbers.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: And, Ken, just to mention on Q4, keep in mind that organic net sales growth was up 1.6% last year. So it's not necessarily an easy comp.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi. This is Paulo. So when you think about the system discount – the high discounters channel, what we're seeing – and it's correct. We're seeing a push by this channel. It's causing a minute focus on product assortment and price matching by the traditional retailers. Our objective here, it's clear for us, is we need to get the right SKUs, the right brands at the right price point that should go for development channel. So for us, again, just pretty much the same idea we have in terms of the new – when you think about the e-commerce, and the new digital world. It's pretty much not a question of, for instance, discounters versus other channels, but again be able to operate with the right assortment, with the right SKU, at the right price point with the discounters and with the other channels. I think that's our main job here today.
David H. Knopf: Hi Ken. This is David. And thank you for the question. So to summarize my comments from earlier, I'd say in Q4 we'd expect organic sales to reflect two things. One, some one-off headwinds from the U.S. and Canada, but we do expect this to be offset by acceleration in rest of the world. So I think that's kind of the trajectory you would expect for organic sales. The other thing I would say is we continue to expect strong EBITDA growth globally into Q4.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Matt. This is David, and thank you for the question here. So to answer your question, I think there are a few things to note on how the P&L is playing versus last year. So on gross margin, as you asked, the performance versus last year really reflects two factors. So first, we've seen an unfavorable balance in pricing and commodities, with commodity inflation that we've talked about in first half and last quarter. I'll reiterate that we did see improvement in Q3, and we expect to see an accelerated improvement in this balance into Q4. And in fact with that improvement in Q4, it should enable better flow through of savings – of our integration savings to the bottom line to EBITDA. The second factor here to highlight is we did have some increased depreciation and amortization expense within our gross margin line. If you actually take this out – and it's related to the footprint projects that we've talked about previously – if you take out this increase, our gross margin actually increased in Q3 by 35 basis points. So again, we started to see the improvement in Q3 which we expect to improve with PNOC and into Q4.
David H. Knopf: Hi, Rob, this is David. And thanks for the question. So to answer it, I think this increase in integration savings that we saw from the $1.7 billion to a range from $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Again, this is net of some of the inflation and investments we talked about, so that's an all-in number.
David H. Knopf: Thanks, Bernardo. And hi, Bryan, thank you for the question. So on the SG&A line, I'd say we did see a significant decline versus prior year as a percentage of sales, and that really reflects lower people cost that we've seen, as well as ZBB savings versus prior year. The one thing I want to note to address your question is as you update your models, you should not straight-line the SG&A as a percentage of sales like you saw on year-to-date in Q4 – or sorry, year-to-date in Q3 into Q4, because we do have some seasonality in this line item.
David H. Knopf: Yes. So I'd say if you think about EBITDA for the year – sorry, for Q3 globally, we saw strong EBITDA growth up $120 million to $130 million. That was really driven by two things. One, cost savings in North America, as well as growth in Europe and rest of the world. So if you look at North America, we're actually up $100 million, and the difference there, the $30 million, is really driven by Europe and rest of world. So in North America, we have the benefit of $125 million of integration savings. The delta there, the $100 million growth in EBITDA, was really driven by the unfavorable balance of pricing commodities that we talked about, which did improve in Q3, but was still had one for us, and that was partially offset by savings in the business. So that's kind of the rough trajectory of EBITDA versus prior year.
David H. Knopf: Hi, David. Thank you for the question. So I think to answer your question, like I said, we had an increase in depreciation related to the footprint which if you strip this out we would've had increasing gross margin of 35 basis points. So I think the disconnect there is really timing related relative to the ramp up that we would see in some of these programs relative to the CapEx that we have to spend.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Ken, it's Bernardo. I think, it's a really good question. And if you think about it, we thought it was really the right timing to do that given that if you take the whole integration after two years of Kraft Heinz was already behind us, we went into a lot of transformational steps, not only from a result standpoint, but a way of doing business, pushing a large speed to market, to innovation go-to-market, and other things, a lot of different campaigns to products and renovation. And George has really done a phenomenal job leading us in the U.S. during this whole period. And part of his job as well was to prepare other players that could be his successor in this, and he could be helping us in a different role, what he is going to be doing that to myself, to Paulo, to the Board and so on. I think, for Paulo, after leading the finance world from this whole period since the acquisition of Heinz in 2013 was really a phenomenal opportunity for running a business and really adding to his skills and the talent he has. He understands the business better than anybody else. He had to work side-by-side with George, with myself during this whole period. So I wouldn't say I know people take by surprise, but the way you write this, it's very normal for us to have people in different areas and rotating and really adding to the business for the long run. And, David, it's really a question of, it's really a result of talent and proven results from the past, be now taking from a different – completely different role being the CFO of the company. I think, it's a great proof of meritocracy and ownership in action. So I know, it was a lot bundled together, but in the sense that something has been built for quite some time, has been – the transition has been very smooth. And really Paulo is already running the business, but David is already the CFO. George is already helping me in several initiatives like he was mentioning the e-commerce, the channel mix, things related to innovation, related to our stock plan initiatives. So I would say it's really a proof of meritocracy and speed to market when we move the company to the next level.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Yes, in terms of the – sorry. Your second question about price matching. So we're seeing some private label matching between retailers that are creating a bigger and wider gap versus the branded product for some specific customers.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Brian. It's Bernardo. Let me take the first part of your question about the performance evaluation, and then I'm going to ask David to follow-up on the SG&A piece. I think it's reasonable to say that after the first quarter that that has been a weaker quarter for us and for the industry in general, right? And we have been significantly progressed, month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter, and when you compare the second half with the first half, we continue to make core progress in almost all geographies and all channels, right? That's something we have been highlighting on calls. George has talked about that several times as well, and we are pleased to see that coming, right? So when you see our profitable growth agenda to mean investments of big bet innovations, go-to-market, digital growth, whitespace food service, efficiencies on the marketing side. They are all materializing, right? And it's gaining momentum as we speak. So we are pleased to see that. On other hand, you're right to say that we have some short-term headwinds that really doesn't – that doesn't change the growth potential and the way we are seeing 2018 and beyond. And you're also right to say that we should continue to see the acceleration of our EBITDA growth looking fourth quarter, right? Especially with the savings curve materializing the way we wanted them to do it. We finalizing our footprint initiatives, we are raising our all-in base of the savings, so we should see more of that in the fourth quarter, especially in the bottom line worldwide. With that, I will pass to David here to comment on specific on the numbers.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Pablo. Bernardo. About your questions about what you call more commoditized categories, and so, I think it's important to highlight two things. One, those are categories that you have been doing a lot of good work on renovation and bringing things to market on a different way, right. I think the hotdog example is a good example. The innovation in Planters Signature nutrition and others is another good example. On the cheese category with several different offerings within – from Philadelphia, but to the natural cheese and singles. It's another. So – and those are categories which – that are really very, very – tend to be extremely profitable, with high margins in all them. So in order to make this analysis we're making, I think it's good to see the profitability and the way to go to the category in a more longer-term view, right? That's always help. The second piece to our question, that we tend to like more the scale and then the things that you're going to need investment in growth. I tend to disagree with that because if you look the story of the last two years since the merger, we were able to really achieve significantly margin increase within our business, keeping the same level of growth as our peers. Now recently, looking at 2017, in most parts of the categories we are growing better than our peers. Right? Because of the agenda looking at innovation, the go-to-market, the marketing, the digital channels, the foodservice whitespace and so on. So even though I believe and we said that in the call many times, you have much more ahead of us not only for the year, looking into fourth quarter against third quarter and so on, but looking 2018, 2019 and beyond. Many of the categories we have today, we're in a much better place as we speak, and George have been highlighting that, than you were a year ago or two years ago. What make us excited about the momentum were coming and looking at 2018 and 2019.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, David. It's Bernardo. That's correct. We came to an agreement with the Mondelez and had the brands that were under Kraft name actually, and Bull's-Eye another brands within continued to come back to us this fourth quarter. What really, I think, allowed us to already start talking to retailers and to plan properly 2018 and accelerate our plans moving forward. We are excited with that because, especially the Continental Europe get us more and more presence in scale in condiments and sauces business, that's for sure a category that's strategic for us and one that we want to expand our presence worldwide within that and that happens. We did do a discussion, when you look at Germany, Italy, Spain, and some other countries within Continental Europe. By having the brands now, like I said, allowed us to really move at a faster pace to our plans already for next year. The biggest product next year that's coming back is really Kraft Mayo, but we also have to have other sauces in barbecue, even ketchup, and others that are also coming back with the repatriation of the brands especially on the Kraft name.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: We are not giving the numbers now for sure. We're working the plans what this can be. I think the first step is really to have them in-house and really establishing and keeping the commercial relationship as it is today, and then from there you're going to see what can be growing and how we can scale to our distribution and so on. It will be more looking at through second half next year when you can have them completely in-house the way we would like to, but I would say it's a good start of the process.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thank you, Andrew. It's Bernardo again. I think your question makes a lot of sense. I think it's important just without commenting on any specific or hypothetical names, or to say that our framework has really not changed within the M&A strategy and capital allocation. Your right to say I don't think it's a question of speed or not speed. We have proven in the past that we are disciplined and know how to allocate capital, and we have proven in the past also that we know how to be fast when applicable. I think it's coming back to the framework, the three things we have been saying for quite some time are still in place today in an important way. First, we do like brands that can travel, not only through geographies but to all channels. That's an important consideration for us. Second, we do like good categories and business that we believe can be sustainable for the long term. And third, the right valuation, the right value creation for the long-term is critical. When you find this combination that really allows us to say that two plus two is more than four, we can't move at a fast pace one when we can. We can add to our portfolio and really create within a Kraft science project something bigger, again when you find the two plus two, that's more than four. Your question about the right valuation what's happening in the market, that doesn't change our long-term perspective and our framework. You are right to say that the companies at those valuations and so really create a much more long-term value creation to the captor if they fit the framework. You are right to say so.
