George Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's turn to slide four and our performance in the United States. The first point I would make is that we had a strong finish to 2016, in many ways giving us good momentum from a consumer takeaway perspective as we head into 2017. If you look at the charts on the right, there are few things I would note. First, in measured channel, the negative impact from commodity deflation on category growth persisted during 2016 and longer than we originally thought, although, we currently expect that this is likely to turn to inflation as 2017 progresses. Second and more importantly, you can see that we had improved measured channel share performance in Q4 versus our 52-week numbers below, driven by our Big Bets and better retail execution. Specifically, we drove strong consumption improvement from the launch of Devour and SMARTMADE in frozen meal, mainstream, and ground coffee and pods as well as nice turnaround in sandwich cheese, both Kraft Singles and Natural. This was supported by improved execution at retail with an increase in total distribution points, TDPs, versus the prior year in Q4 and better feature and display conversion. In fact, we exited the year with a shorter list of share challenges than we started the year with. We also saw a longer list of categories moving into share gains and ended the year with roughly 70% of our categories holding or gaining shares in Q4. The third factor I would highlight is that sales in Q4 were good. However, they included some one-off benefit that will not repeat. Foodservice was not a contributor to non-measured channel growth in Q4 as whitespace gains gave way to weakening trend in base consumption and store traffic. And although, we had further whitespace gains in non-measured retail channel, much of the green bar in the top right of the graph was due to the benefit of trade inventory shifts versus the prior year. Specifically, we had a relatively weak Q4 2015 comparison that reflected retail inventory de-loading as well as strong shipments in Q4 2016 to support a very robust level of in-store activity during the holidays. In the end, we exited the year with some of our Q4 shipments needing to be worked off in January. And we expect Q1 2017 shipments will see roughly a half-a-point headwind versus consumption, because of this. And that's before the impact of the Easter shift that Paulo will talk about later. So overall, we closed 2016 with significant progress in the marketplace and improved execution, during the year of significant transformation, just as we planned. Looking forward, our agenda for 2017 is focused on three simple goals. One, on the top-line, drive profitable growth and further improve challenged categories. Two, better leverage our scale, at retail, with increased in-store activity, including more scale events and improve our day to day sales execution. And three, utilize our supply chain modernization or footprint initiative, as a way to increase investments in innovation and renovation, particularly, at the back half of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Paulo.
George Zoghbi: Thank you, Steve. This is George. I will take this question. Our manufacturing modernization program is on track to deliver updated technology and low cost production. We are now in the peak activity and won't be past that peak until late 2017, as I shared on the last call. We remain in line with expectation and on budget to deliver what we shared with you on prior call.
George Zoghbi: Yeah. Pricing for Q4 was in line with our strategy all along and in line with our expectation. And you'd probably saw both sides of revenue management at work, the side where we went dark in some categories, and the side where we went heavy in other categories and we're very happy with the results that we got. The reason we do that, Steve, is that lift on promotion, that traditional lift where you put a promotion and you measure the growth that it's no longer what it used to be. So we have to resort to a number of levers to be able to maintain volume. We tried a number of things in Q4. We are very happy with the results. And that would be reflected moving forward. So that's what you want to expect from us. Some category we're going to move harder. Others we would move softer. All in all, we will manage our revenues always to be ahead to improve our margins.
George Zoghbi: Michael, George here. So as I said in my earlier remark, we have two things that will affect the first Q. One is the Easter shift. And, normally, we put that at just over 1%, 1% to 1.5%, something like that. And the second one that is unique to this year. Because of the strong promotional activities that we've had in the month of December, we put a lot of inventory to support that. That inventory is working its way off in January. And as I said in my remarks, that would be about a 0.5 point. So that will be, to give you an idea, what are the headwinds we will be facing in Q1. One of them is the shift between Q1 and Q2 and the other one is a one-off due to the inventory work-off.
George Zoghbi: Chris, thank you. This is George. We've been working on establishing the revenue management program infrastructure, processes, and the benefit of it for quite some times now. And as we said in a number of key items we saw that what we used to call our pricing strategy or pricing commodity or trade spend. All of it now is part of our revenue management program. So we're not separating where the efficiency is coming from. So the best, it works best for us just in the investment in the footprint, but more in investment in brands and particularly in building the brand equity as we invest in marketing activity, as we invest in new products, as we invest in renovations like taking out official stuff out like what we did with Mac & Cheese, what we did with frozen meals. You see categories that were declining at double-digit. Now they're all of a sudden increasing at high single-digits. So that's giving us the power to one, price and two, the ability to increase household penetration, so renovation of product and innovation of product. So that's for us is the better working model.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thank you, Paulo. Let me start by saying that 2016 was a solid year for our company. We made a great deal of progress in realizing our potential. But we still have a lot to improve in order to deliver our expectation for 2017. In 2017, we enter year two of our multi-year merger plan. Headwinds remain from highly competitive retail markets to persistent foreign exchange headwind, especially in Europe. So at the top of our agenda is an even sharper focus on profitable organic sales growth. By that, I mean that we will focus our investments in innovation, renovation and marketing on our leading brands, along with prioritizing fewer, bigger and bolder bets within our portfolio. These will include expanding our core by innovating into adjacent categories and new segments, where Kraft Heinz brand have the ability to win. It also includes Big Bets in existing categories by aggressively targeting on-trend segment where you're currently under indexed, such as the 2016 bet we laid in the U.S. natural cheese. For competitive reasons, we do not have a list of key initiatives to provide today, but we will certainly highlight them as we roll them out in the coming quarters. And finally, globally, we're focusing on three key brands: Heinz, Kraft and Planters, and in five categories with global potential; condiments and sauces, cheese, meals, nuts and baby food. The emphasis within these opportunities will be to increase investment levels and improve execution, which includes applying best practice for wining in each channel, from traditional retail and discounters to foodservice, and over time e-commerce. All this will be fueled by significant incremental investment in marketing, both for market capabilities and product development, covering North America, Europe and rest of the world. Our agenda also includes achieving best-in-class operating efficiency with top quality. We plan to reduce complexity through active assortment management in United States, an achieve best in class operations efficiency and quality within our manufacturing facility. Also great execution begins with great training and we are actively building a new methodology and training platform to support our performance-driven organization. But let met turn it back to Paulo to wrap-up by explaining how our agenda will translate into 2017 financial performance.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Bryan. Good afternoon, this is Bernardo. Look, about the repatriation, you're right, there would be the brands coming back to us in January 2018, and there is some work to be done in preparation. But from a cost standpoint or from a revenue standpoint, there is really no benefit or impact in the year, right. There is preparation from marketing, from distribution, from our manufacturing capabilities to hit the ground and be running, but I don't think there will be an impact to – on the cost or the revenue for the repatriation efforts.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Rob. This is Bernardo. I think, it was important to highlight that, just to give a sense of the direction of the focusing looking at three global brands and five top categories that really, when you mix all them represent 70% of the business, and you're going to move forward. That is United States and North America like I mentioned, but also worldwide. And so I don't think there is a distinction really in the amount of investment between U.S. and international. They will be – they'll be moving together. They'll pursue different states and different – what the business is by country and by region, but as a focus looking mid-term, those are the ones. I think, it's important in your question also to highlight that our business is a balance between global brands and local brands. Global brands having the strength and the scale to grow multi-categories and multi-regions; and the local jewelry (39:49) like we like to call customizing to consumer needs on local markets and regions. So we are really happy with our portfolio and the balance we have today between the global brands and local brands, and the specific categories. But those three global, we're calling global brands, in those five categories is really what's going to push us to the next level that we're calling this balance towards profitable growth. I don't think there is a distinction between investment in North America or internationally. It would be case-by-case depending on the state of the business at the regional level.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Michael. Look, we always look with this, the way that we think the categories and the brand, we always look and think about profitable and organic growth. So the way you're directing here is all organic. And the reason for that is actually you're right to say it's true. A small part in the total portfolio, but very relevant in many countries important for us, including Canada, including Australia, including the UK, for sure Italy like you mentioned, for sure China, Mexico, you're getting to Brazil, Russia that's the biggest category we have there. So when you see all this, even the small presence, where we have a presence it's significant through the Heinz brand most part of the time, sometimes local brands like Plasmon in Italy and so on. And we believe there is a lot of opportunities, like you said, in whitespace geography, again, country-by-country, region-by-region. There is a role that can be played and we want to look at that with the right expectation.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Alexia, it's Bernardo. Like we mentioned in the last call and continue to be, the point, our goal in Europe is to return to profitable growth. We really think that our performance – that was a weak performance in 2016 and Europe has absolutely no correlation with the cost side and like you mentioned the overhead, I think, there was a lot of correlation on the stakes, on the go-to-market and things on the promo side, volume mix that didn't work out as we showed, and what we are actually encouraged about is when you see the Q4, the performance by all the business, especially the Benelux and the UK had improved significant looking at sell out consumption, looking at share on the main category, soup, beans, sauces, and you already have 70% of renovation for the year ready in the market. So the results from the Q4 plus what you're seeing now in January moving into February, I really encouraged by a much better performance 2017 in Europe than you had 2016. Still going to be challenged, the retail environment is challenged like the density (54:59) between FX rate and everything that's happening in the continent. But that being said, I think the performance Q4 is really encouraging about we can have a better performance looking at 2017, than our weak performance in 2016.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Look again, when we talk about profitable growth and like Paulo mentioned in the beginning, our idea of sales mix, really sales flowing to the bottom line. We have no intention of gaining sales without profitability. Component that come attached to that. There are investments that needs to be done in the marketing side and in go-to-market side that I think we have been doing and we'll continue to do it. But that being said, if we're able to create profitable growth sales in Europe that should come also with a better performance in the bottom line.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Thanks, Bernardo. In terms of cost savings, we are now targeting net integration program savings of $1.7 billion by the end of 2017, up from $1.5 billion previously. Keep in mind that we achieved cumulative savings of approximately $1.2 billion through the end of 2016. And note that our new target is net of an approximately $300 million negative impact in 2017 from a combination of business reinvestments and additional non-key commodity inflation that were not contemplated at the time of the merger. To achieve these new targets, we expect cost to achieve of $2 billion, up from $1.9 billion previously. This includes $1.2 billion in pre-tax cash P&L costs, as well as CapEx of $1.3 billion. Finally, we expect to deliver a strong EPS growth, driven by EBITDA gains and further accretion from the preferred refinancing. EBITDA growth is likely to be driven, primarily by incremental integration savings in North America, as well as strong organic top-line growth in our Rest of World markets. In addition, our earnings expectations currently reflect an effective tax rate of approximately 30% and assume no change in existing tax regimes and regulations. As far as seasonality throughout the year, our 2017 plan reflects aggressive upfront investment in growth followed by significant second half savings from footprint initiatives. In addition, please note that several factors will hold back first quarter organic net sales and EBITDA. They include a shift in higher margin Easter shipments to Q2 2017 versus Q1 2016, upfront investments in innovation and whitespace in a number of geographies, as well as our expectation that additional integration related savings will be second half oriented. That being said, we do expect 2017 will be another year of strong sustainable profit growth for The Kraft Heinz Company and another significant step forward in realizing our potential. Thank you. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Andrew. This is Paulo. So we aren't going to provide like a target on this. But the way that we see this profitable organic growth is that through our innovation process and through our all the initiatives that we're handling here in the company we expect to have sales that really move down to EBITDA over time.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Andrew. It's Paulo again. So what we're talking about here is that in the first half the business investment is pretty much investment that we're doing in quality improvements for the products, renovation, marketing pullout, new products, and more Big Bets. We're investing behind both markets to improve the retail execution that we have and also now expanded distribution in our foodservice segment. And, again, all of these investments, we were not contemplating to do that. We saw the opportunity to do this now and we're executing this. And just to be clear that we always decided to provide a savings target that was net of everything, so we're keeping doing this. We're just highlighting that we found more opportunities in the business and we're executing this. But, again, our target of $1.7 billion is still net of all of these investments.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Bryan. This is Paulo. So, starting from the D&A, we are in Q4 – we're today in a related Q4, $135 million, that's where we are today, so this would take us in $440 million next year. And on top of that, we believe that we're going to have additional $50 million because of the footprint investment that we are doing during 2016. And it looks the interest rates is pretty much our – we have an average cost of debt of 2.9% per year, roughly $32 billion in gross debt, so this would be around $1.3 billion in interest rate. And again, we expect this to come down a little bit once we pay the $2 billion debt that we're going to have in the mid of the year.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: So this is pretty much D&A interest expense. Regarding the transaction FX, now we are expecting to see some headwinds in Europe. But again I think our team – our local team is taking the right measures there to have a balanced approach in terms of setting these with price, and also – but also getting the best distribution and sales position to offset that. It's important to – again to remember that Europe for us is 4% of the business and UK is around 0.5% of that.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Rob. This is Paulo. So I think I hear two questions here. So in terms of how the savings will flow through our P&L in 2017, yeah, as we're seeing with this new, this updated guidance we're giving, we're seeing more savings come in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. This is pretty much driven by two things is: one, that we're having the investments that are inside the savings number, as I mentioned before, in the first half of the year; and two, there is addition of saves that we found also is going to start more in the second half of the year as we expected today. So that's one thing. In terms of seasonality, in terms of Q1 versus the full year next year, I think the three things that we are mentioning here I think is, first of all, the Easter shift Q1 versus Q2; and this break down of this savings flow that we expect the first half of the year where we're going to have more investments and in the back half of the year we're going to have more net savings, as I've just explained to you. So I think those are the two points that I would like to make.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: I don't want to give the guidance break down by quarter. But again, we always believe that we are adding initiatives in savings and we're adding also investments. So we believe that our savings are going to ramp up throughout the year.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Ken. This is Paulo. So, again, I think, first of all, we don't need another acquisition to drive value. And, again, as Bernardo mentioned, we have brands that can sell well. We have a lot of whitespace in front of us. And, again, we are going to evaluate any opportunity that makes sense for the company, that creates value for the company. But again, as a matter of practice we don't comment on possible opportunities.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Ken, what we've always said is that we believe that we like a lot the industry and we believe that the most valuable asset and the most valuable asset that we have, the asset that gives us the most competitive advantage are the brands. So we value a lot the brands that we own, so that was pretty much the mention I made at that time.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Jason, this is Paulo. So when we said in terms of the commodity, we said that in 2016 we had a deflationary year. We mentioned at the beginning – not the beginning, in the mid of the year that we would expect this benefit to stay but it didn't. And in 2017, when we take a look at the spot and forward rates, we're likely to see year-over-year inflation. And we're already seeing that in cheese, coffee, bacon, as George mentioned. So that's what we are today.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yeah. So, if you think about what we saw in Q4, we had – definitely we had benefit in price in our results in Q4. But as we're implementing revenue management, key commodity costs are just one of the inputs of our category strategy. And separating the impact of price or PNOC from the variances of the commodity is not as informative as it used to be. So I can say that we had a price benefit in our results in Q4, but I think separate the price initiatives that we had from PNOC is not as informative as it used to be.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Now, when you think about our model – our overall model, we always – always as I said, we expect growth coming from Rest of the World. We have the savings flowing through, and you have our other initiatives, revenue management, we have investment in new products that we're doing to boost our sales and our results. So it's a bunch of initiatives that we have that will compound our results for next year and the following years.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yeah. So when you think about the Q4, North America, EBITDA increase that we have, the majority of the EBITDA came from savings. We also had, as I said, some benefit coming from price in our EBITDA and this timing of overhead that each of them offset each other then they're both in the range of $50 million. That's what we saw.
