Miguel Patricio: Well, thank you, Marie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us here today. We are excited. We are proud. We delivered another quarter of strong results. And as we see consumer demand remaining strong and analytic elasticities, they continue to hold. We see our portfolio of iconic brands strong and very adequate for the moment that we are living. And we continue investing in these brands and seeing that this investment is paying off. Yet at the same time, we realize we know that supply chain remains challenging, particularly with inflation and material shortages. I'm proud of the teams as they continue to anticipate and adapt to these challenges, where we improved capacity and we're able to meet demand, we actually gained share. At the same time, we continue to advance our transformation, then including modernizing our marketing and transforming our portfolio.  As we look ahead, we continue cautiously optimistic. We are providing our consumers with solutions that they value, and we continue to unlock efficiencies and reinvest in the business. All of which makes us stronger and positions us well for whatever challenges are still to come.  With that, we are very happy to take your questions.
Miguel Patricio: Let me -- I'm glad to start answering this question and then since Carlos wants to complement. Nutrition is part of our long-term strategy. It's part of our agenda. It is a very important part of our ESG goals for the future. We've been renovating our portfolio throughout the years, reducing or eliminating dies and artificial ingredients. And we have global agenda, a very specific agenda on reducing salt and sugar, which are 2 critical things in our portfolio that we have a responsibility to do.  We are on the way to achieve the targets that we put in place until 2025. I mean just to give you an example, we changed the formulation of our Capri Sun this year. We reduced 40% of sugar content, and that's -- to put it in perspective, just that is 40 million pounds of sugar per year that we reduced. We continue committed to that for the short, the medium and the long term to make our products more nutritious.
Miguel Patricio: We are buyer of tomatoes and beans. And in the heart, we are agricultural company. And we've been investing a lot in that sense in client base. I mean you see what we are doing in Europe with our beans with a project of launching new beans based products with Heinz Beanz Burgerz, with Heinz Beanz [Hams], Protein Pots and a portfolio of innovation for the next 5 years related to that. And here in the U.S., we are very proud to announce this week that we are launching our plant-based cheese, which by the way, is an incredible product, very different from what is in the market. It melts, it tastes like cheese, it smells like cheese and melts like cheese and its very different from everything that is in the market. So we're absolutely committed on the nutritional agenda.
Miguel Patricio: I would ask Carlos to answer that question, and then Rafael is maybe with us on this call to present for International zone, where we have a great momentum in food service, by the way.
Miguel Patricio: I would like to finish with a quote. A quote from a famous legendary car racer on Formula 1 that once said, "If it's raining, I can pass 15 cars. But when it's sunny, I cannot." Let me tell you, it's not raining, it's pouring. But we are super excited at this moment because we are seeing this as a great moment of opportunity. And we've been able to navigate through the uncertainties of the short term and adapt and rebuild very fast at the same time that we are continue building our future. We are excited with what we have ahead of us. Thank you very much.
Andre Maciel: So, Andrew, first of all, we -- as Miguel said at the beginning, I think we feel very excited and pleased with the results we achieved in the quarter. And I'll tell you that a lot of things happened in our favor towards the month of September. First of all, if you might remember, we have executed a new price increase in the month of August. And the elasticities turned out to be stronger than what is anticipated, which resulted in strong top line. Shipments were very good. I think our team did a great job in the month of September to be able to ship in a much better pace than earlier in the quarter, which also helped us. We end up spending less promotion also that we have initially anticipated, which is fine, as well that we're being very prudent to put all the promotions and expense in our portfolio. And finally, we did have about $30 billion of one-time gains in the P&L, 80% in costs, 20% in SG&A. And those are mostly anticipation from Q4, okay? That's what we're able to do in Q3. And obviously, we also had a little contingency, given the volatility, right? But all in all, I think we're able to have a lot of things play in our favor. I think it is a testimony here that organization is moving with the speed and reacting fast to diversities. And we delivered and maintained our guidance fully here in Q3, right? And so I think we felt confident about the number that we’ve put a lever and I think we’re just reinforcing that now by [regular thought]. And you can count on us, all is true being a transparent dialogue and being -- in a very friendly fashion, like we did back in the September when I heard the first news about the inflationary pressure.
Andre Maciel: Sure. Look, as we said back in CAGNY, when we unveiled our new long-term growth for the reason, we expect to get that over the years. So think of it in terms of 3 years or so. So we feel good in our continued improvement, in our performance and we expect to continue to move towards the algorithm, the way that we have communicated back then. We are probably not ready to give any guidance around ‘23. But yes, the environment is still volatile. As you have been hearing from us and public promoters in the sector about supply chain volatility, which has consequences on availability and they speed up using our costs.
Andre Maciel: Sure. Thanks for the question. On private label, a few things. First of all, as we have been continuously reiterating our exposure to private label have reduced significantly after the [diversion] mid last year. So now the average market share in our portfolio is about 11%, wherein across food and beverage is 20%. So that were not impacted. Second, during the past 3 years, as part of our transformation, we have been directing a lot of our effort and energy around the core. So resources have moved that. We have been renovating the core in a very systematic way, so our portfolio is stronger. Third, the private label have been increasing the price together with the rest of the players. So as recent as the last 4 weeks, including already 3 weeks of October looking at sellout data, our sellout price is about 17% up, whereas private label is 16% up. So price gaps are widely preserved. You might have seen as well in 1 of this calendars we provided that comparing Q2 to Q3, the price gap with private label remains the same. So we do not see any category where our price gap expanded versus private label except to Ketchup and Lunchables, which honestly the interaction is limited, and we gained share in both of these categories. So yes, I think we feel good about that. We don't want to be even over optimistic that depending on how consumers eventually shifts behavior in a very drastic way, things can change, but there is no indication of that as of right now. And honestly, I mean, despite all the environment, food is proving to be very resilient. The brands are being very resilient. And with unemployment today we see right now, when I was here back in 2008, 2011, we only had this accelerated shift in behavior, but unemployment starts to go up, which is far from the reality today. 
Andre Maciel: Sure. Thanks for the question. Look, we have been -- as we said all along, have pricing to protect the dollar inflation, so dollar for dollar, and we have been doing that now for the second quarter in a row. So both in Q2 and now in Q3, price was in line with inflation and price plus gross efficiencies was ahead of inflation. Given that we had in Q3 as we initially said back in September, some incremental pressure in selected places and we took action already on it, there is this continuous lag in effect. So we expect Q3 to be the bottom of our gross margin, and you should expect to see a sequential improvement in Q4 in comparison to Q3. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. What I would say -- first of all, thank you for the question. What I'll say is that I think you can see that the environment continues to be challenging. And what I'm really proud is the fact that our team is doing a terrific job of working through the wave of challenges. So, as we speak, we are both rebuilding inventory and improving service levels, and we have done that through the quarter -- sequentially in each quarter. I think we continue to see that going forward.  I think what -- if I take a step back in terms of the overall constraints, what I see is about 80% of those challenges are really due to upstream supply distribution on ingredients and certain packaging materials. At the same time, what I'm saying is it's very asynchronistic the way they're recovering. So, you'll see that in some cases, we are moving quickly and recovering overall in our supply chain. There's a few ingredients that have been a little tighter for us. And I point to things like have affected us in the past and things like cold cuts and lunch -- I'm sorry, in cream cheese. And at the same time, even in those categories, we now have recovered and feel good about kind of our position as we go towards the end of the year.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. And I think what I would say is we have continued to invest in the equity of our brands, which if we think about the fact that companies really don't have pricing power brands, have pricing -- pricing power. So the investments we have made with the quality of the marketing we have improved here at Kraft Heinz and the commitment we have to continue to invest in our brands going forward, also give us some confidence as we continue to manage through the current environment. 
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: But I would add to Miguel's point, which I think is right on, is the fact that this is a commitment we have for the long term. Every single time we are renovating our portfolio, we're putting in kind of the view of how do we continue to improve our products overall, not just because it's the right thing to do, but also because that's what consumers want us to do. So I think that is happening and obviously, you can see it very clearly in terms of commitment to sugar reduction, salt reduction, we continue to work with communities and improving the food and security situation. And this is something that as a company we are committed to and we'll continue to as we go forward.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. Listen, what I'll say is that exactly what you said, it is connected to the availability of certain ingredients in the -- of the upstream. But at the same time, our commitment with our customers is continue to improve that. I'll tell you that as we continue to navigate the situation in terms of those capacity constraints, what I'll say is that we also are looking to see how we lead with the capacity that we have available to us. And let me give you a couple of examples of how we're doing that.  We actually are ingesting data directly from our customers in a way that allows us to better deploy our inventory to reduce out of stocks. We started that with a pilot with 1 particular retailer and that allows us to actually reduce the amount of inventory by 40%. The out-of-stocks in their stores, by 40% in a period of about 8 weeks. We now have expanded that program and now we're ingesting more data from different customers that allows you to then make sure that we are then putting the right inventory in the right stores and green the right signals into our production so that we can maximize the availability capacity that we have in our plants.  So we're both working upstream with suppliers, but it's also us being smarter and better capabilities internally to deploy our inventory to improve overall service levels, which we're committed to do. Thanks for the question.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. I would say to build on Miguel's point, this is a combination of the continuing investments that we have made in renovating our brands, investment in improving the quality of our marketing communication. And then, as you said, unlocking some of the capacity in some key brands. I think the example Miguel gave around Lunchables and Capri Sun in which we saw the improvement on inventory and CFR and then our ability to actually then go into market and then drive event-based promotions that allows to then continue to grow those particular categories during the back-to-school period, which was basically a phenomenal result for us in terms of performance. As we go forward, when you see the places that continue to have challenges in terms of capacity, we know that once we unlock those we also have opportunity to then continue to grow our consumption as we go forward. And those, as I said before, areas like our Cold [indiscernible] and Cream Cheese that are slowly getting into better positioning our inventory. And now as we go into the holidays, making sure we protect the ability to then go into those event-based promotions we were doing the time of year that consumers are really looking for our brands.  So when you take a step back, I will say, is a great combination of the work we have done over the last 1.5 years for us to improve internally the equity of our company. And at the same time now, see the benefit of us being able to now go back into the marketplace in a more aggressive way that allows to then continue to drive consumption and whole penetration on our brands.
Carlos Abrams-Rivera: Yes. But I think let me start with the comment Miguel just made. I think if you look at our business in the North America and year-to-date, we're growing and growing market share. So we feel very good about our performance so far. And what I will tell you is, for us, it's a critical channel as we go forward. It is one that we really have thought about how do we continue to transform the organization internally. So we have done things like changing the leadership and reorienting our focus from operators to advance distributors -- we have done things like making sure that our food service now has a different role within North America zone that is from what we used to see as basically a stable contributor to now a growth driver. We have simplified and renovated the portfolio. I'll tell you that we have reduced about half of our SKUs that we had in 2019. At the same time, we have improved quality. And then finally, we continue to enhance our overall distribution, overall. Now part of the point that you made around how do we continue to unlock some of the opportunities we have in QSR is us continue to invest in the capacity of the business. So we're also making strong investments in CapEx in order for us to support the opportunity for us to continue growing in our foodservice channel. Over the last 2 years, that number is over $100 million we have invested, so that allows us now the opportunity to have those conversations with QSR in a way that truly unlocks opportunities for us to continue growing. Now that's a view of North America.  Let me pass it out to Rafael to give you a view also of on international side.
