Miguel Patricio: Thank you, Paulo. While we will provide more details on our plans in May, I would like to close our prepared comments by describing how we want to see Kraft Heinz in 2020 and beyond and the type of organization we are now confident we can create. First and foremost, we want our people obsessed about the consumer, understanding and predicting the future, passionate for our brands, building a culture of creativity, being more external focused and digitally transformed. We want them obsessed with customer satisfaction and service levels, accomplishing this with excitement for perfect sales execution, continuous improvement in our factories and being disciplined against our strategy. To fund our growth, we want our people to embrace efficiency through a continuous improvement mindset and being proud, low-cost producers. We want to attract people that truly value and define ownership in terms of accountability, agility, loyalty and a focus on the collective good. And we want a team that understands that a talent pool with pride, high engagement, low turnover can serve as a school for leadership to truly be the key to winning. There is a lot of work ahead of each one of us. We know that we are interested by all of our stakeholders to turn this business around, and that is exactly what we are going to do. Now we would like to take your questions.
Miguel Patricio: Hi, Andrew, good morning. Well, I share your enthusiasm about the productivity. I think, in the last two years, supply costs were the main reason why we increased our cost base in the company. And I'm very excited with what we have ahead of us and what we can accomplish together. We have a new Head of Global Ops, Flavio, that joined us after being six months as a consultant, and he has an amazing experience on continuous improvement capabilities. And that is really the base of everything that we're going to do, really thinking on how we can be better every day, how can we increase our productivity, how can we develop a team of specialists in each one of the critical areas. We know where we stand in terms of overall efficiency ratings by manufacturing line, and we are implementing continuous improvement tools and process across the world as we speak. The goal here is to work towards positive net productivity. We expect to give you more color of that in May. But the fact that we were, this last quarter in U.S., for the first time in two years, with the cost that was this year to previous year gives me a lot of confidence that we are in the right direction. I think that we are seeing – I’m seeing better engagement, much more enthusiasm in the supply area. And so we have great expectations from this area. On people, well, as I said before, talent is one of my biggest concerns and was my biggest concern when I arrived at the company. But I have to say that, today, I’m far less concerned than when I arrived, and I’ll give you a couple of reasons. The first one, we were able to attract top, top, top talent to my management team. We have three new members, and they are going to make a big contribution to us for the future. But you asked me specifically not to talk only about my management team, but the levels below, so let me tell you. One of the things we did was to identify what were the critical roles in the company globally, and we identified or we defined 60 roles – or 60 critical roles. These 60 people, I have to know them by heart and by soul, and, of course, be sure that they have the right incentives to continue in the company. But in this team of 60 people, we have a total of 21 years of experience. So it’s – on average, of course. This is very good, and it’s very important. And the people that we brought from outside also come with an average of 20 years of experience. So I’m less – much less concerned about experience to that. The positions we had opened, we were able to bring people with great experience. And finally, if we go even further on the pyramid, I will say that this year, we had the best results ever on attracting MBAs and trainees with pretty impressive results. This year, we attracted 50% more MBAs or candidates for the job with us. And with trainees, 33% more people applied for a training program. And this came as a surprise. And the main reason was that we were very transparent on what the company is today and what we needed. So we are attracting people with the transformation mindset that like that, that like and enjoy a turnaround. And these are – this is the type of people that we are bringing out to the company, then I think that it’s absolutely critical. Now with all that in mind that I said, that is less of a concern. I also said that turnaround – the turnover is still a big problem for us, especially on the lower levels of the pyramid, and we have to stop that. And I have a KPI, a target specifically on that this year, and I cascaded or shared these targets with all my management team. We are all responsible for a lower turnover rate. So in a nutshell, Andrew, this is what I would have to say about productivity and people.
Miguel Patricio: No. Specifically on frozen food was some of our customers increasing the amount of different brands on the shelf and reducing the shelf. It was not only for us, but for the entire category, reducing the amount of shelf for the players that were already there. This is a specific thing for frozen food. I think that the trend in other categories is the opposite. It’s reducing the number of brands and SKUs. But in frozen food, we saw that happening, yes.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. So I – let me give you an idea what we have seen for 2020. 2020 is a year of stabilization, yes, so it’s not a year of playing of, using your words, offense. It’s a year that we want to continue stabilizing the bottom line of the company. But the good news is that we were – we found resources in our own budget. We sweat the budget to allocate more money behind brands and categories that have higher profitability and have momentum. Overall, we are increasing media, as Paulo said, by 30%. And in top brands, we are investing even more. So concentrating on what makes the difference. In 2020 – going further on 2020, yes, we still predict a decline in EBITDA, but 70% of this EBITDA decline, as Paulo mentioned, is – comes from normalizing our cost base on things like divestitures, the bonus compensation, ForEx, et cetera. But yes, we are excited and confident that as the year progresses, our level of capabilities, our level of visibility will increase as well, and that’s the feeling that we already have right now. And it’s our expectation to finish the year in a very different way that we start.
Miguel Patricio: Okay. Yes, we – no – we had, yes, share losses. So the decline in volumes reflect share losses. However, these share losses were predicted. We knew that we would lose this share in the last quarter. And the reasons are that we increased prices and – especially in commodities that we’re growing disproportionately, like the cheese category and meat category. We decreased the amount of promo. So in 2018 last quarter, there was a substantial amount of promo activity, and some of this promo activity with very low ROIs or even negative ROIs, and we stopped that. And also we started a program on SKU rationalization that on short term may reduce a little bit the volume, but long term comes with a lot of benefits of less complexity for us and for our customers and less complexity in our factories, lower levels of supply chain losses, et cetera. We have never done an SKU reduction in the company in five years. We increased the amount of SKUs big time during these five years. So it was time now to start it. We haven’t finished. We’ll continue to – through 2020. Being more precise on your question about the share – the – or the volume loss, I’m expecting to continue in the first quarter, yes, because this – the growth of the commodities will affect the first quarter. And the price, at least in the first quarter, will continue high. Specifically on inventories, we are not looking at this as either incremental or as a negative point for 2020. So last year was very negative. This year, our view is that it’s not going to be incremental or the other way around. It’s going to be neutral.
Miguel Patricio: So Bryan, answering your question, we have a slightly – a slight decrease in marketing for 2020, but we have a big increase in media for 2020. And what’s the – how will we do that? We are reducing the amount of new products in – or the amount of innovation in 2020 by 50% and concentrating on innovation that really makes the difference. We are not expecting a decrease in net sales of the innovation next year, but we are going to cut everything that is not accretive, that is cannibalistic, a lot of line extensions that we did in the past. That thing by itself helps a lot complexity, helps with our customer relationship, helps with us focusing on what really matters and putting our energy and our budget behind innovation that moves the needle. But also the other consequence is that we put more money on product development. We put more money behind agency or agency fees because we have less development and even marketing research. And putting all these savings on these lines together, we have put it back in media, which allow us literally to sweat the budget and increase media by 30% overall. I would also say that on top of the 30%, we – because we have less innovation, we are concentrating more in the bigger brands that have more momentum, better margin and that we have to grow. So that is a lot that the – a rationale behind your question.
Miguel Patricio: Again, we – just repeating, Jason, what I said before. We had share losses, but we didn’t have surprises. We expected exactly in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year these share losses. We thought that we had to increase prices specifically on – or especially on products that are commodities because there was a huge increase in the commodities. And as leading – as leaders in these categories, we should put the price. I also mentioned that we lost share because we reduced the amount of promotion compared with the fourth quarter of 2018. And we reduced promotion because we believe that we were doing – we had promotions in the press that were not adding really to the company with negative ROIs that we should be more careful and more disciplined about promotions. And finally, the SKU rationalization, we see this in the last quarter of 2019 and in the first quarter of 2020.
Miguel Patricio: So it is a very important question and has to be an obsession. I finished my speech at the beginning saying that I see the company in the future not only obsessed with the consumer, but also obsessed with service level and because our customers are absolutely critical in the results of our company. And in the past, we had big problems on service level. We had big improvement this year, but we still have problems in service levels. I suggested to the Board to have a specific target – individual target on service level for 2020. I put this target on salespeople, on supply people and procurement people. So we revised, and we are very close to understand service levels. I have my team in supply now literally running around the country and understanding the KPIs of each one of the customers, how they measure service level because we have to be a mirror of what they are. So this is, I think, the first thing that is very important for customer satisfaction, but it’s not the only one. It’s the most important, but not the only one. I also think that we have big gaps in trade, marketing and category management that are big opportunities, these three areas to increase customer satisfaction. In U.S., you asked about ranking. We are not in the last quartile, but we are in the third quartile in terms of companies and customer satisfaction. We – and it’s our intention to move it up, of course.
Miguel Patricio: Let me – those are important questions. I think that the first two years after the acquisition of Kraft Heinz – of Kraft, there were a lot of synergies that were on the table as possibilities, right? You had two CEOs. You had two headquarters. You have to cut. So there’s the possibility of synergies by cutting. But after two years, cutting becomes dangerous. We cannot have a culture of cutting because it’s – these are not long-term. But we have to change that culture to a continuous improvement mentality. You can always improve. And actually, the consequence of continuous improvement is productivity. We can always increase productivity. We decreased productivity in the last two years. And I think that moving forward, it’s a combination of things, new leadership in place, better planning, a different mindset regarding continuous improvement, less innovation that generated a lot of complexity and investing innovation and less SKUs and increased a lot supply chain losses. And so these are absolute drivers of what we have to do for the future, for the success of the future.
Miguel Patricio: So I will – thanks for the question. It’s a good question, but it’s a long answer, so I’m going to divide the answer in two. I will cover the first part on portfolio and brands, and I will ask Paulo to give you more color on the rest of the question. Portfolio, you are mentioning magic words. I think portfolio is absolutely critical for us to define the strategy for the future. Portfolio is all about choices. And when I think about our portfolio, we have to see the portfolio in two ways: first, about countries; and second, about brands and categories. Let me talk first about the countries. We have operations in 40 different countries. And the way we’ve been operating has been literally, country by country, defining what each country has to do. And we need to have a higher-level view. Not all the countries have potential to grow. Not all the countries, we have momentum and we know how to win. Not all countries, we have a great talent and plans and brands to grow. So when I think about portfolio of countries, we need to define what are the countries that have more potential and put more resources behind these countries and define the role of the other countries. We are going to have countries with different roles to help grow in the other countries, and some that will have a role of growing. When I think about categories and brands, I think it’s the same way of thinking. We have to define where we can win and how we can win in categories. I also would like to say that in the business, especially in U.S., it’s a pretty big business. We have a 97% penetration in household. We play in 56 different categories. However, there are a lot of similarities among these categories. And one of the things that we’re going to talk about in May is how we are finding similarities among these categories through consumer needs. And better understanding the consumer needs give us a better sense of direction for the future. I don’t want to anticipate that. Maybe I confused you a little bit, but I’m already going to the strategy that we are going to talk to you in more detail in May. Yes – and regarding brands and before passing to Paulo, we have, I think, three types of brands, brands that are doing very well and with growth and high margin. We have the second group of brands that are brands that are not doing so well, but have amazing equity and have a huge potential to be repositioned, renovated and bring them to growth. And we have a third group of brands that are less exciting because they’re in categories that are not growing and have less potential for growth. The roles of these brands will be different, right? And that is part of the portfolio conversation that we owe you.
Paulo Basilio: Yes. So historically, in the last call, I did a walk-through to this bridge. We’ve lost a lot of – the main driver, two-thirds of our decline came from gross margin – right, gross profit. And it was historically a combination of, pretty much, supply chain inflation with low – or not enough solid initiatives in supply chain to offset this inflation, a proliferation of SKU, right, and dilutive innovation, as Miguel said. So at the end of the day, a combination of supply chain inflation with low projects, proliferation of SKU with innovation with low – not very accretive to the margin. Our plans to recover that is pretty much based in the same pillar. It is – we see that there is an opportunity for us to recover and to do a much better job going forward of – and now with our supply chain projects that Miguel was mentioning here. To get – to have a better efficiency in our cost, we also expect to be more disciplined with the SKUs, with our innovations and concentrate better. So mix and supply chain costs, I think, would be the main two drivers of this improvement in gross profit.
Paulo Basilio: Yes. No, Jason. Thanks for the question. I think – yes, but we listed here the main impact that we’re seeing. And we also mentioned that beyond both impacts, we believe we’re going to hold profitability. So there will be a list of pluses and minus that we expect, some headwinds from sales, some offset from pricing and mix and some other initiatives that we are doing. So beyond those impacts here, just to get clarity about the number here and the outlook, we expect to hold profitability beyond those – this $460 million. And that’s a combination, as Miguel, we are investing more in media, investing more in marketing. We are redeploying some investments that we did in specific areas of the company, commercial investments. We have pricing initiatives, revenue management initiatives in the mix that we expect will kind of offset the headwinds that we have in some categories and some sales that are coming.
Paulo Basilio: Now on the divestiture of this year that you asked, I think, aligned with our strategy, we will opportunistically explore divestitures, but we are going to be very disciplined on price and, more importantly, with no hurry. So we want to explore potentially the parts of the business that makes sense, aligned with our strategy, with no hurry to execute that and only at the right price. So no time commitment around that.
