Christopher M. Jakubik: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our business update for the third quarter of 2015. With me today is Bernardo Hees, our Chief Executive Officer; Paulo Basilio, our Chief Financial Officer; and George Zoghbi, the Chief Operating Officer of our U.S. Commercial Business. During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation within the earnings release we issued about an hour ago and in the Investor Center on our corporate website. Before we get started, as you know, the merger between Kraft and Heinz to form the Kraft Heinz Company was completed on July 2, 2015. And therefore, this is the first time we've provided a business update as a combined company. So today, Bernardo, George and Paulo are going to provide some perspective on how we intend to run our business more generally, in addition to covering Q3 results and recent business trends. After that, we will be available to take your questions. So let's turn to slide number two, and I'll hand it over to Bernardo.
Christopher M. Jakubik: David, I don't have the number, but it will be in the 10-Q when that comes out. So you'll have the disclosure there.
Christopher M. Jakubik: Thanks, everybody, for joining us this evening. And for those of you who have follow-up questions, Rishi Natarajan and I will be around for the analysts and Michael Mullen will be around for anybody from the media. So, let me turn it over to Bernardo.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Bernardo, and good afternoon, everyone. To build on Bernardo's comments, what we've been most encouraged by and, in fact, most impressed with to date, is the speed at which our people have integrated our commercial organization. Let me give you some statistics on what our team has been able to achieve since the merger closed. By day one, we had the leadership team of the U.S. business appointed. By day 12, we had the top 67 leaders in place. On August 14, 5 weeks from closing, we stood up the commercial organization with all our sales, marketing, R&D, innovation and commercial teams in place. And by the end of September, we had business processes in place. Along the way, we've made a good number of promotions from within. Our new rituals and routines are already operational in areas such as sales and within our Monthly Performance Reviews in our U.S. commercial units. We've taken a best-of-both approach, with ongoing improvements as we harmonize trading terms and develop joint business plans with our retail customers. And, importantly, we are well positioned as we look forward to 2016. Our innovation pipeline is ready to be launched and we'll talk more about that in the coming months. And we expect to continue the progress we've been making in shifting our advertising spend from non-working to working media. Now, this may all sounds good and we do feel good about where we are at. But I also understand that the numbers show several challenges. During the third quarter in the U.S., while we didn't see anything fall off through the integration, our base business trends remained mixed. Overall, our market share in the United States has been stable with some increases and declines despite the changes we went through. And across our top 20 or so categories, our share is up or flat in roughly two-thirds of those categories. From a consumption perspective, the bars on the right of the slide show that our U.S. retail business grew in both Q3 and year-to-date. But what I am most encouraged by is the fact that our base or non-promoted sales are up strongly. The investments we've made in Heinz ketchup, Classico pasta sauce, Oscar Mayer Selects Natural cold cuts, Philadelphia cream cheese, coffee and Bagel Bites are driving our solid consumption gains. On the innovation front, we're seeing some encouraging momentum. Earlier this year, we made a Big Bet around Heinz Yellow Mustard. The result was a significant disruption to the mustard category in both the United States and Canada. We were able to achieve high single-digit market share in just four months, an unprecedented short amount of time. Lunchables Uploaded and our P3 portable snack innovations are also growing strongly into their second years on the market. But in large part, this has been offset by lower volumes from ongoing challenges we've had in our Capri Sun ready-to-drink beverages, boxed dinners including mac & cheese and our Smart Ones frozen meals. These are turnaround opportunities for us and I look forward to updating you in the coming months on our plans. From a profitability perspective, I would note two things. One is that our ability to maintain pricing consistent with our costs has held up in what has been a high pressure, deflationary environment in some of our key categories. And we feel very good about that. Two is that the cost savings and productivity programs that were in place in the U.S. prior to the merger were all executed and delivered as planned. So overall, a good start for our team in the United States and we know where our opportunities to improve reside. But let me turn it over to Paulo to walk through the numbers in more detail.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Andrew. And, yes, we feel good about our pricing this time and the way our brands are behaving. As you know, last time we spoke about this, we were building our brand equity particularly in the refrigerated area and where we are now is very different from where we were and the brand equity has gotten a lot stronger and enabled us to do so. So not only are we seeing our ability to hold prices but even gaining market share in three out of the four cheese categories and in the cold cuts business in meat.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Jason, this is George here. I will take this question. For the next couple of years we are focusing on revenue management rather than just trade promotion, which will include price-pack architecture and looking at return on investment in promotion. Then we will make a decision what we do with that savings, whether to invest it in better-returning promotion and grow the top line and bottom line, or drop it to the bottom line. Once we complete that analysis, we'll be in a better position to share that with you.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Yeah. Thank you, Chris. You probably touched on it yourself. Two things that differentiate shipment from consumption. Number one, there are changes between quarter relate on where the promotions fall and when we ship the product to the customers' DC. And that will adjust itself over time. That's not a big thing. Then you have channels that are not tracked by scanned sales, most importantly the foodservice channels. So in the foodservice channel, we have two things going on. Number one we have a large number of contracts, particularly in the large commodity segments that are based on what we call mark-to-market. And in a deflationary market of dairy and meat, you just change the price automatically, and in a deflationary market you see a pressure on the top line. And two, both legacy companies in the foodservice business lost a couple of large accounts prior to the merger, and we are nearing the tail of that. And we see the overlap to a better comp coming in future quarters.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Thank you, Matthew, about the question. Let me separate it into two. One is we talked a lot in the past about the return on promotions. And that return on promotions in general in the industry comes under pressure. But two, we are seeing the merchandising levels widely in the retail coming down. But that's not what we are focusing on. We're more focusing on return on investment by categories and mainly price-pack architectures and pricing, both on an everyday and on an ad hoc by category what we want to achieve. So we believe, in the future, we will see better implementation of promotional activities based on better return on investment. And that's what we are putting our resources in and where we're making our investment.
Georges El-Zoghbi: Pablo, thank you. This is George. I'll take this question. First, you are right. I can't comment on the details of the commercial agreements between us and other organization. But what I can say, we are very happy with the coffee category. We have been growing shares steadily in the last four weeks, in the last 13 weeks, and the last 52 weeks. On all fronts, we have been able to grow share. And the business in the K-Cups has been very, very healthy, a main driver to share and it will continue to be a main driver of growth for us in this category. But unfortunately, I can't give you the details of the agreement between us and other organization.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thank you, Paulo and George. This is an exciting and challenging time for The Kraft Heinz Company. We have established our new leadership team throughout our organization to drive the next stage of the company's growth. We are firmly focused on finishing strong in 2015 and powering ahead towards 2016. Our integration efforts are going well and we have laid our plans throughout 2017. We are working hard to empower our teams and to increase the speed of the decision-making process. It is core to creating our culture of ownership, an environment where checks and balances happen routinely, and meritocracy can flourish as our backbone. For 2016, we're pushing a big agenda around innovation and sales and our efficiency savings will create an even bigger opportunity to invest in our people, our brands, and our products. Thank you for joining us today. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Thank you Andrew. You're correct. As we get to know more, and now I can say, we have a very good understanding of the business and are already operating as Kraft Heinz. I think your assessment is right. We have a name to grow, and that's a big pillar of the company. But to be on, what you call, the profitable growth, to have profitable sales and in this case, we're going to have some SKU rationalization and we are going through the process as we work the revenue management business initiatives that I have said before. But you are right to say that's not in the magnitude that's what happened in the legacy Heinz over two years ago.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Chris. It's Bernardo. The way we like to think ZBB, to be honest, is much less as a one-time event and much more as a systematic approach of doing business. It's really fighting for the penny in the terms of capturing all the opportunities that allows us to be in a position that you can reinvest more behind working dollars, behind our people, behind our products, behind our brands and so on. So it's not only a program, but it is really a business tool that we apply in different ways. And in that sense, you're right to say that the level Kraft already had achieved was positive within the industry. But we are finding significant opportunities, like Paulo described already embedded in the $1.5 billion. And we're also learning things from the legacy Kraft side that you're applying on the Heinz side. Just to give you an example, Kraft used to have a bag of media buy structure and costs that hurt Heinz and then they elaborated the other way around in that sense. So it's a two way, if you want to think about this. But it is true there are significant opportunities. And as we materialize then allowed us to be in a position to invest for growth. And that's idea that myself, George and the entire team here will be pushing this agenda.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, Matt. Thanks for the question. Look, we're always evaluating our portfolio on a broader basis. You're right to say that in the past, we looked different in some segments against others and we're going to do the same. I think right now, our focus really is really consolidating integration. It's a lot of work that's coming through, and we are very pleased with the steps that are happening now within the company already working as Kraft Heinz, and so we're unified in operations, in sales, in our go-to-market. We're going through a huge system integration and a lot of different efforts. What does it mean in the future? We can always evaluate the portfolio with pros and cons and take significant steps, but I don't think that now is the appropriate time to do that and the time will come for us to have a better knowledge and to have a better understanding to take the right steps. That being said, we know very well, like George already pointed out, and Paulo also mentioned, the segment, the innovation in the places we're going to be betting more of our money that we can push for an agenda of growth.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: Hi, David, this is Bernardo. I'm not going to comment on the numbers of the market, or consensus, or the projections within the Street. What I can tell you, from an integration standpoint and from a business perspective, as we already point out in the beginning during the presentation, we are very pleased with the progress of the business and very optimistic about the prospective what we can build here together. So to answer your question would be yes, we are. That being said, there's a lot of moving pieces. Those are two very big companies that are pulling together in a very fast pace, already operating as one in the marketplace. What George, his team on the commercial side and the entire company from Paulo and entire leadership here is really putting a lot of efforts for us to be on a much faster pace as we move to 2016 and 2017. So to answer your question on our internal expectation and goals and the things we wanted to achieve for 2015, yes, we are on target.
Bernardo Vieira Hees: I just want to thank you for the commitment in following up and looking forward to be updating you as the company progress and we continue to deliver the results. We believe will be coming in the coming quarters. Have all a good evening.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi, Bryan. This is Paulo. That's right. In the GAAP finance, the number that you see interest expense, there are some one-offs. They are related to the merger. So I think the easy way to think about our interest expense is that we have currently around $25 billion of gross debt, and our average interest rate is around the low 4%. So there's the simple way to do that. So when we file our Q you're going to have all the details about our debt and the cost for each of the tranche that we have.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: No. So if you think about all the integration costs, the integration piece of the process here, we are very comfortable with the initial financial expectations we have. So pretty much think about this $1.5 billion as the operational savings, net of inflation. So it would appear in EBITDA of 2017. So that's the way that we think. Another thing is that this is the $1.5 billion synergy savings that we see. In terms of the costs to achieve that, we're seeing that again is already – it is also in line with what we expected before that there are around $2.2 billion of cash cost to achieve. In this cash cost, we have everything. We have the CapEx for footprint that is half of this and we have other upfront expenses that we have, to have all the restructuring programs that we are running in the company today. When you think about the overall integration process and the integration financial expectations that we had initially in the merger call, we are pretty much in line with both of that in terms of having the same view about the $1.5 billion synergies. And we have also the EPS accretion that we are expecting for 2017. So both the financial expectations we had initially, we are still comfortable with them.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Yes. Hi, Jason. Now when we think about the $1.5 billion, so first, you're right. We are believing that we are seeing that we are going to deliver the $1.5 billion synergies in 2017. So it's your first question. And we really believe that the majority – this is the bulk of saves [sic] savings (46:27) that we're seeing for this program that we are running now. We should have some carryover for the following year, yes, but I think the bulk of the savings is now going to be $1.5 billion in 2017.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: No. When you think about the ramp-up of the savings, Ken, there will be some ramp-up of the savings. Again, when you think about the savings, it is always thinking three buckets, right? We have the organization savings; we have the ZBB savings; we have the footprint savings. So the first two, they come first. The footprint is the one that takes longer. So if you think about the view that we have today for how this savings is going to flow through our P&L, we are seeing this, the $1.5 billion full in 2017. So this is for your first question. Of course, they will ramp up as they do start to happen, the footprint piece, according to (49:20) in 2016 and the beginning of 2017. When you go to our second question related to our M&A ability and activities during this period of time, for sure, we have our plate full during the period of this complex integration. We don't use to comment about M&A strategy or hypotheticals in this case. But, for sure, we will be evaluating any type of opportunity that appears for the company that makes sense for the value and do create value for the company.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Oh, yeah. If think about Europe, if I understood correctly, Europe business in 2014, nine months would be around 30ish% in terms of margin. But I think that Chris and Rishi can help you to go through the details based on our filings later.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: And Driscoll just about the EPS figures that you mentioned, I think it appears for me that the main difference, the large difference of the consensus and the number that we published was the fact that our EPS we consider post the preferred dividend is the EPS to common. So this is the main driver which in the out years we don't believe it's a big difference because all the Analyst Day they assume that we are going to refi the preferred.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: When we think about the investments, this $1.5 billion number that we have is now focused on our savings, and our restructuring programs that we have, net of inflation for 2017. We don't treat this, inside this number any type of reinvestment that we may decide to do. We don't treat the investments in the brand as the same bucket. So whatever is going to be – we are going to decide to do in terms of marketing or innovation need to pay itself have a return inside the investments. So we don't treat this together.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: Hi. So, I think about the first question, yes, as I said, I think we have pretty much the same all the initial financial expectations we had in the merger call, including the pay down of $2 billion in debt. We have these already structured in the way that we refied our debt. So we have this already structured in this way. And in terms of the leverage that we expect to do, what we said before, and you are keeping track on that, that to expect to be below three times in the medium term. Of course the reason that we said in the medium term is, we don't expect the leverage to get to that level of levering the long term. So that's why we use the word medium term. But it didn't change our original expectations so far.
Paulo Luiz Araújo Basílio: What I can say is it's exactly the same original expectations we have at the moment that went for ratings and we had all the discussions about the capital structure of the company in the merger moment.
