William R. Johnson: Yes. I think, David, the thing to keep in mind on Ore-Ida is that private label has always been a big piece of this category, and it's probably one of the more price-sensitive brands we have in the company given the gap that has increased. We took significant pricing on Ore-Ida. Nobody else moved at all on Ore-Ida. That is being corrected now as we're seeing private label prices move up, and our own prices are being addressed through D&A and through discussions with customers regarding what's better for the category. The second is, I think our plans were a bit feckless and pallid. I don't think they worked very well. I think they were pretty boring. And so we've got a lot of things in place. First, we are adding some additional D&A into the business to bring price points back down. Second, we're adding some marketing money back into the business to restore some advertising in the second half of the year, which we know drives this brand pretty well. Third, we have the small-size package coming. We started producing this month. It will start shipping in January at $1.99 price point or probably lower in some accounts, depending on what they want to do with it. And at 1 pound, it offers a family of 4 terrific value, and we know that, that will drive solid business while helping us in maintaining our margins. Fourth, we have a lot of new product activity coming, much of which we'll talk about in our next call because a lot of it doesn't occur until Q4. We've just launched 2 new sweet potato fry items in Crinkle Cuts and Straight Cuts. They've just gone into the -- or just going into the market now. We've got Ore-Ida casseroles coming probably in January. So there's a lot of activity on Ore-Ida. The issue on Ore-Ida for me was that we moved too slowly. And I just did not feel that our marketing teams moved quickly and aggressively enough, but I can tell you, in the last 2 or 3 weeks since we've taken a number of these actions, our shares in the accounts where we've done a lot of things have moved up upwards of 250 to 350 basis points, 2.5, 3.5 share points. So I'm not concerned about getting it fixed. I'm just a little annoyed that it took us as long as it did.
William R. Johnson: Because that's where the consumer is going. The consumer data, and I mentioned in my comments, says that half of consumers now are buying smaller sizes with lower and more compelling price points in virtually every category in which we operate. We've seen it in Europe. It's now starting to come to the U.S. Partly, that's a function of a number of consumers shifting to dollar stores. Partly, it's a function of price point management with consumers shopping week to week. Partly, it's a function just of general economic malaise that we get back from our consumers and focus group research. But ultimately, we're seeing a lot of the categories downsize. Historically, what you would have seen is price per ounce management on the part of the consumer where they would have gotten the larger value sizes, but we are seeing a dramatic shift to smaller sizes, which is the reason we're launching the 10-ounce pouch ketchup, Doy pack ketchup, which really, we've been doing in the rest of the world for quite a period of time. We've brought beans into the country. We are doing a lot of stuff on sauces, bringing in some of the Foodservice items, rebranding them, putting them in the retail side, which allow us lower price points with very good margins. But compelling price points seem to be key as people are shopping week to week or paycheck to paycheck. And so our research clearly points out that consumers want smaller entry sizes and they want more compelling price points. And so we can give them both while protecting our margins and really driving the businesses forward.
William R. Johnson: Well, my first thought is I've been hearing that for quite a period of time, and I don't mean to be Solomonic and create some level of wisdom beyond that of the market because, clearly, we're not smarter than the market. Having said that, I think our U.K. performance, which has fundamentally defied gravity, is being driven by a number of things. One, we probably have the best sales organization in the U.K. We have great insights and great leadership. We have a lot of innovation coming. We've got the Squeeze & Stir soups, which just launched in July and are doing really well. We've got the pouch pasta products at a lower price point, which are doing really well in the U.K. The U.K. team was courageous, took a lot of price. Therefore, their marketing spend is also up and oriented against a very powerful brand in the Heinz brand in the U.K. And so we're doing very well. We've got a new Aunt Bessie's lineup coming in December -- November, December that looks very strong in the U.K. And I know you'll all be in a hurry to try the new Duck Fat Roast. They're delicious product. They can't get me to try it, but I'd be glad to share it with you the next time we're all together. In the continent itself, I mean, we grew volume in Germany, France, Spain, the Nordics, I mean, Poland, Russia, literally across the board. And the third thing is that the ketchup continues to grow very quickly across most of the European market. I also indicated we're introducing different pack sizes in the U.K. We're introducing pack sizes with free units across the rest of the continent. We're looking at areas priced around EUR 1. In Italy, we've got a lot of new product activity coming. They've got the new Aseptic line just now shipping, which is a big breakthrough from a product standpoint for the consumer. We're going back to individual packs in Plasmon so that we can price down against a consumer who's basically telling us they're buying fewer of everything and they what a lower price point. And so we can protect both margins and our consumers and allow them to continue to buy. But I just don't see the downside in Europe for our business. Now the other thing we've done, remember with project score [ph], we are consolidating our supply chain in a central location in Europe, which will make us far more efficient. And a lot of that efficiency is going to be spent back in support of these businesses. And we have a great deal of new product activity coming. We're also growing very rapidly in the Eastern markets. Poland has come back quite strongly. Our Russian Ketchup shares this quarter hit all-time highs. The Heinz brand itself hit a 39 share in Ketchup in Russia, which is an all-time high. Our total collective Russian business hit a 57 share in Ketchup in the key accounts. So we are continuing to drive volume in areas where we think we have competitive advantage. And if we have a recession area environment in Europe, for most of the Europeans, it's not going to be any worse from a consumer standpoint than they already perceive things to be, because the things we hear back in focus groups in our research in Europe is that the Europeans don't believe they ever came out of recession. And in fact, if you look at the latest Nielsen data and their online surveys where they do a lot of consumption and consumer work, consumer confidence declined in virtually every market we operate in, in the developed world last quarter. It went up in the developing world where we are really focusing a lot of our efforts. But I feel actually pretty good about Europe. For the company itself, our second half organic sales are going to be considerably stronger than they were in the first half, driven by a lot of innovation, a lot of targeted promotion. And we have terrific leadership in Europe. And so if any of our businesses can withstand the recession, I think the European guys are well positioned.
William R. Johnson: For the most part, yes, both in the U.S. and in Europe. Some of them are margin enhancing, and I won't get into the specifics. But most of them are margin neutral or better. There are a few exceptions but not many.
William R. Johnson: Well, I think -- and let's talk about Quero first. Quero grew 8.5% in the first half. It's up over 10% in October. It will be up over 11% into Q3. You've got to remember, in Quero, we spent the first 3.5 months integrating the business. We have not spent marketing. I believe we spent about $400,000 in total marketing in the first half of the year on Quero. We were short of capacity, particularly in corn processing. And so we are now in the process. We've just turned television on for the first time ever, the first second week in November. We are just taking the Heinz brand into Quero. We've added capacity. Our supply chain team, global supply chain team, just came back from a visit to the factory outside of São Paulo and are raving about the opportunities, particularly on pouch and on tetra pack where we can run tetra pack faster than we can run cans in many parts of our business. So I think in Quero, you will see a substantial increase in second half sales as a function of the marketing investment and a lot of the new items we're putting in place. On Foodstar, my concern on Foodstar is not growth. My concern is how we're going to stay up with it. We grew 30% on the Master brand and Guanghe brand in the first half of the year. October sales were up 69%. November sales are running at about that level, north of 50%. The Shanghai factories come online, but it is nowhere near ready yet to handle the kind of growth we are seeing in Foodstar. Foodstar is a function of a lot of things, a lot of new product activity, significant levels of advertising again, which we haven't started yet in Quero. We've gone into our third province. So we're in Guangdong. We're in Fujian. And we've gone to Zhejiang. And so I think, excuse me, Foodstar, I mean, we have a tiger by the tail. The other thing on Foodstar that's really helped us is also the Guanghe brand, which is in the white bean curd market. The red bean curd market is where the growth is, and we are just now launching into the red bead curd market. We have a lot of new product activity to take us in the other 3 segments on soy sauce. It mean, Foodstar is a business, frankly, that every time we have an update with the Chinese team, we take the number up and ask ourselves how we're going to continue to supply it. And that -- I don't mean to be flip on that. That is a concern we have. This business is just growing so rapidly. And we're still only in 3 provinces. We're hitting less than 200 million people in a country of 1.2 billion. But Quero itself in the second half will grow substantially faster as we infuse marketing. Foodstar will continue its growth in the second half. And as I said at the outset, our Emerging Market businesses in the second quarter were up 16% organically. They're up between 14% to 15% for the first half. I expect our Emerging Market businesses organically to be up somewhere between 10% and 20% minimally on that growth rate in the second half of the year as we lap the purchase of Foodstar, as we continue to drive significant growth in China. We have a lot of innovation coming in China, a lot of innovation coming in Poland. We have launched cheese sauce in Russia, which is doing spectacularly well. This is a product that actually is out used by -- versus ketchup in McDonald's in Russia, which we supply. And so there's just a lot of activity in the Emerging Markets. And while, obviously, we do have some concerns about the economies in those markets, if anything, I think our growth rate in the second half of the year will be dramatically better on these businesses. It's just a lot of activity. The other thing in Quero we've done is we've infused new management-added capabilities to the business that we do not have before. And in fact, interestingly enough, the Brazilian team has been on the phone with the U.S. team, giving them insights on how to drive Doy pack ketchup and how to drive other businesses like they do in Brazil. So I mean, I think from those 2 acquisitions, we feel pretty sanguine about where we're going.
William R. Johnson: And it has been so bad. I will tell you, in the second quarter, the bigger hit to the company, in my view from an unexpected standpoint, was in Foodservice. We actually were anticipating the Australian issues we experienced. As Art mentioned, we've changed the management team in Australia. We are doing an aggressive job of looking at cost. We've shut down the Girgarre factory, which is a tomato processing plant we've had in a Australia for a number of years. We've downsized 2 other facilities. We're reducing the number of SKUs. We have greatly improved our relationships with the 2 retailers there. That's a tribute to Nigel Comer who came over from New Zealand to sort of dress up the business in terms of trying to get it fixed. We lap at the end of the third quarter, the discontinuance of tuna by 1 of the 2 major customers last year. So we don't have to deal with that after the month of January. So we get a big pickup going forward from that. We've got a lot of innovation coming and just a lot more clarity in terms of the focus. I mean, the reality on Australia, it's almost come to the point that it's become fairly immaterial to us going forward because it has taken such a hit. A lot of activity in Australia, and I feel much better about the prospects for Australia going forward than I have in several years, but the key thing is the improved relationships with the retailers and our ability to start working with them on more efficient and effective promotion activity and the focus on the right brands. We are really renewing our focus in Australia on Infant/Nutrition where we think there's significant opportunity and the category is doing well. A lot of activity in new packaging and opportunities to reduce price points in beans and in soup. And then just a lot of activity across the business. And so I think with the new leadership, we just -- we've seen -- I said to them on a call the other day, I've seen a bounce in their step that I haven't seen in the last couple of years. So I think from that standpoint, the second half of the fiscal year in Australia will perform on a relative basis versus first half dramatically better. And the good news is that our expectations that you've seen that we've shared with you in terms of where we think the year will end are not really expecting a lot out of Australia in the second half.
William R. Johnson: Sure. I have many sleepless nights. The concerns I have relate to the global economic environment. The concerns I have relate to the productivity initiatives we're under doing, and will they become a distraction? The concerns I have always relate to the retention of our management team, in the businesses where we're doing well like Europe, Emerging Markets and those kinds of businesses. I worry about complacency and people taking it for granted. Yes, there are a lot of areas. But I can tell you, Thilo, in the second half of the year, our organic sales are going to be up dramatically more than they were in the first half of the year. And the thing that I think people are forgetting in the second half of the year, we lapped 2 big labor situations last year, one in Latin America, one in the U.K. We've got a lot of new product activity coming that we didn't have in the second half of last year. We lapped the SG&A where we really started commence spending on Keystone aggressively towards the end of Q3 and all through Q4. We had a lot of additional investments in other areas last year. And as Art mentioned, we obviously had the Brazilian close in the month of April. So there's a lot of things going on in the second half of the year. But I don't want anybody to misunderstand my comments. I am not at all sanguine about the prospects for the industry and about our business without a lot of work. We have good leadership in place now. But I can tell you and you should recognize that with the additional productivity charges, which are focused, you should assume, I'm not going to detail yet where because employees haven't been talked to, but you should assume their focused on our problem businesses. This is going to continue to be an ongoing struggle in an industry right now that's not being helped by the global economy that is dealing with significant commodity inflation which lessens for us on a relative basis in the second half. I mean, and just gave you some perspective. The Foodservice inflation in the second quarter was over 11%. In the second half of the year, it's about half that. And our pricing, we just took our third increase on Foodservice last week. We'll roll over into the next 6 months. So I don't want anybody to misunderstand my comments. I do feel very good about our emerging market prospects, and I think 16% organic growth in the second quarter should not be taken for granted. And I think we'll substantially improve on those numbers in the second half given the, hopefully, no repeat of our labor situation last year and a lot of new product activity and the fact we lapped the Foodstar purchase. So there's just a lot of stuff going on. But as the people who work for me, I'm sure, will be glad to tell you in a private moment, you should not think we go into these calls with our business units with a big smile on our face.
William R. Johnson: U.K. and Italy. But the U.K. got more price than it did volume. They took significant pricing at the end of Q1 through Q2. And as a result, they have continued to turn around and spend some of that back. But volume was down significantly in response to that. The categories were down. And in Italy, the baby food category has declined pretty significantly over the last 3 to 6 months, and so we saw some volume decline there. We did take some pricing, but it was not enough to offset the volume. But the U.K. and Italy were basically the only markets in Europe to see volume down for the quarter.
William R. Johnson: We are also getting a fair amount of price, but we also had very strong volume in the quarter. And I think in the second -- and let me put it to you this way. Price was more than volume. In the second half, I think volume will be the same or close to price. So you should just assume more price than volume in the first half. The reason I don't like breaking it out is because these markets move all over the place on a quarterly basis depending on the NPD. But volume was up. Price was up. In the second half of the year, volume will be up commensurately more than price in the Emerging Markets.
William R. Johnson: No. It'll go the other way. In fact, you'll see it go the other way in the second half of this year as Emerging Markets become more and more important and as we plateau against some of the other businesses. The bulk of the volume decline over the last couple of years has been related to Foodservice in Australia. I mean, Foodservice volume, this is not new news, has been declining for 3 years. Our expectations for Foodservice were that we would see a turnaround in the industry this year and that the structural dynamics that have worked against us so aggressively would reverse. They have not. And so the bulk of that volume decline in Q2 was Foodservice, and to a lesser degree, Australia from a volume perspective. But there is no doubt, Jonathan, that you're going to see a significant shift. I mean, one of the things, again, I'm not trying to be Solomonic here and I'm not trying to express the wisdom of the ages, but one the things that I think we need to all to keep in mind is the reason we have pushed so aggressively into these Emerging Markets is because of a recognition on the difficulty of being able to drive sustained growth in some of these businesses going forward. And again, in the second half, you'll see -- I mean, the second half of our year is going to be interesting relative to the first half. What you're going to see in the second half for the year is dramatically improved organic sales versus the first half and a higher tax rate than you saw in the first half. So you're going to see almost the opposite situation. But Foodservice in Australia, but again, in my view going forward, lesser on Australia, more in Foodservice, is really where the focus has got to be. And if I break out Foodservice by the branded piece versus the nonbranded piece, the branded piece is essentially flat. And where we are seeing the pressure in food services on proprietary brands that are made specifically for customers where we've lost price leverage because of the environment and the capacity available and in the categories where we don't bring branded leverage. Similar situation exists in Australia. And as I said, U.K. volume was down significantly, and it goes all over. I think in Q3, you'll be interested to see what U.K. volume is. I'm not going to tell you, but I think you'll get an interesting perspective as we come back next quarter in the report. But again, there is no doubt that our shift into Emerging Markets was not done on an ad hoc opportunistic basis. It was done strategically and with intent because I will tell you, my own view is that the developed world is going to get increasingly difficult in which to operate just because of the concentration of retailers in all these markets, the difficulty in categories, the pressure consumers are feeling, the ethnic and demographic shifts occurring in all these markets. And so you're going to see us push more aggressively and with greater alacrity into these Emerging Markets because we have to, and that's why. So I think nothing we've seen this year, other than I will say Foodservice, has surprised us. Foodservice has disappointed me because I expected the industry to turn. It has not.
William R. Johnson: The only other thing I'll remind you of, Jonathan, even with the volume declines, we've had 26 consecutive quarters of organic sales growth, and we've made some conscious trade-off between price and volume. But again, I come back to my comments. In the developed world, those who are not pushing it aggressively into Emerging Markets are going to wake up one day and find out that the world left them behind.
William R. Johnson: Diane, you don't have enough time for me to explain the machinations. It's dollarized volume basically. It's dollarized volume. And the impact on the top line should be favorable providing that the sales are incrementally, that they're gap fillers in terms of places and people we are not reaching. And right now, our portfolio tends to skew more middle, upper income. We are very underdeveloped in the dollar stores. And so these are opportunities for us to reach a segment of the population that historically we have underserved. And so I think from that standpoint, this should represent some incremental upside for us going forward. I think the other thing is, I also said I want to be clear on this, that not all of the items. There are some exceptions to the margin enhancing and margin neutral. I won't get into specifics, but there are a few exceptions to those. But we should make up for that in terms of the incrementality. I mean, we haven't sold beans in this country in -- I can't even remember the last time we sold beans here. And I've been here almost 30 years, and I think the last time we sold beans was maybe the '70s or early '80s in the U.S. And so we tested it. It has done very well. We have a whole line of products like that coming. And I think as we get into the third quarter call, we'll be able to specify and detail for you the items. But I think you'll find them very interesting. Frankly, some of them had me scratching my head as we looked at it, but the North American company and European companies in particular have gotten my messages regarding my concern over the top line in developed markets and the fact that we do serve this underserved population segments.
William R. Johnson: Actually, Rob, I'm glad you asked the question. I think all of you know how I feel about CapEx in this industry. I think it's been abused over the years. I think it's been spent needlessly to add capacity and do other things that have not given consumers return or shareholders returns and haven't helped consumers. In our case, one of the rules I outlined at the outset of this initiative was I was not simply picking up equipment and moving it from one edifice to another. So in other words, most of this -- there are maybe 2 small exceptions. Most of this volume will shift from factories that were grossly underutilized into factories that were slightly underutilized without the need for a lot of CapEx in terms of new equipment. Now there are a few exceptions. Closing Girgarre required us to do some things in New Zealand, and moving some things out of a couple of the factories in Australia allowed us -- forced us to put some capital in New Zealand, which I did not like doing. But I can tell you, and I'm sure Art and Meg will tell you in a private moment, that this didn't come without a great deal of angst. I hate these kinds of initiatives. I don't like doing them. I think they're abused. I think we are a company that was criticized for that for a number of years. So one of the rules I outlined for everybody was I was not simply picking up or buying new equipment to put in another factory. We could not take the volume and move to a facility that was underutilized or had excess capacity. It was going to be very difficult to convince me to close some of these facilities. That is in, in essence, what we have done. In a couple of cases, we've had very low utilized factories where we have decided that our customer relationships coming out of those factories or the cost to serve a customer were not conducive to the kinds of margin and returns we wanted. And so we've shifted away products from a few of those customers and from a few of those businesses, and as a result, are not really being required to shift much of anything from a utilization standpoint. Our CapEx for the first half of the year is up about $53 million to $55 million. Our inventory is up about $130 million. And those are the big uses of cash in the first half of the year. Rest assured that I'm not happy about that, and I've made it abundantly clear to my team and the supply chain that this isn't just simply about, gee, I now have -- I had 80 buildings, now I have 75 buildings. This is about getting a lot better and more efficient. And I think we'll be there. So the good news for us is while these things are always somewhat distracting, the reality is they have not required us to do anything above the norm to protect the safety and quality of our company. And as a consequence, knock on wood, we have not suffered the same kinds of issues that others have.
William R. Johnson: Well, we have an ongoing QRMP process. We have the best safety scores of any company in our industry. We review them with the Board twice a year. We have a safety group as part of our risk management process. We have a quality group that's headquartered in the U.K. But it's our global group that visits every single factory and also spends a lot of time in the new facilities. And I have to tell you, I think I made the comment earlier, our people have just revisited the Quero factory and are coming back raving. I mean, Quero has something we don't have anything else in the world, and that's a biomass generator, which we're using excess sugarcane now to fire up and saving us a ton of money. But if we can figure out a way to put corn husks through there, we can literally get free energy in our biggest factory. So there's a lot of activity. I will tell you, Rob, and people who have worked for me a long time know, safety and quality are the 2 single biggest issues that I focus our team on all the time. I think employees have the right to expect to work in a safe environment, and I think our brands are only as good as the quality of reputation we have. And we sit with our Board twice a year and the Corporate Social Responsibilities Committee and give them a detailed update on this. And in my own personal goals, of which I have 4, 25% of my own personal goals are related to quality and safety. So you can be assured that we take this highly seriously. All of this reports in to Mike Milone who, in addition his operating responsibilities, then brings an operating mindset to ensuring that these are areas of great focus and detail. And believe me, this is one of the things that goes through every one of the single productivity initiatives that we approve.
William R. Johnson: Yes, I think that's a fair question. In the first half, they contributed. We will spend a lot of marketing money in the second half on Quero. We didn't spend any of the first half until we got the business and the capacity where we wanted. And I think for the year, you should assume, Eric, they will be neutral to slightly better.
William R. Johnson: Right now, I'm not saying anything about it. I don't see it -- it's just way too early to draw any conclusions in terms of making any changes. So right now, I think you should assume that we're holding to that number until I tell you something else. But we're not going to give you guidance until May. And we never do, Eric, and you know that. I get pressed at CAGNY. I get pressed in the Q3 call. And it is a volatile world, and things are changing. And so in May, we'll give you updated guidance. But right now, I just don't see any reason to move off that guidance. But I want to be clear that, that doesn't mean we will or we won't. I'm just saying that right now, it's just way too early. And our second half is going to be pretty good, I think. And so I hope I'm not proven wrong. But certainly, based on where I expect us to be from the earnings standpoint, sequentially better in Q3 and Q4, and where I expect us to be from a sales standpoint, sequentially better and good organic sales in the second half and where I expect uss to be in Emerging Markets and the U.K. perspective. I just think right now, it's just too early to make any changes to it.
William R. Johnson: I can tell you what's on Page 56 and on Page 55, but I don't -- or 54, but I don't what's on Page 55. So we're having to pull that out to take a look at it.
William R. Johnson: Yes, we never did it. The U.S. has been very slow to react. And so you'll see most of it starting in the third quarter, late in the third quarter. And so there's nothing different about it. It's just -- it's taken us longer in the U.S. to get to where we need to be. And you'll see a flurry of activity in Q3 that, in my view -- and the U.S. company knows how I feel this, in my view should have happened in Q2. So there's really nothing different about it, Jason. It's just a delay.
William R. Johnson: Thank you, all, for participating. I know it's a tough time of the year. I do hope that you appreciate the fact that we spend the time with you that we do. As you know, there's never been a question asked that we won't answer. There's never been a topic brought up we won't address. I have an opinion on everything, including the Steelers and the Bengles, if anybody's interested. So have a happy Thanksgiving and a happy holiday. And we continue to appreciate your interest in the company and your patience and forbearance with us.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: And David, one thing I would add to that, remember that we're putting in the Europe R&D center, which historically did not have that capability. The R&D effort has been very fragmented. So by pulling that together, we think we will have much better insight and much better capability to react to the marketplace whatever comes.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Jonathan, the other thing I'd point is the SKU rationalization that we've done over the last few years on a very conscious basis, particularly in these Developed Markets, particularly in places like Foodservice, as we have gotten the focus more and more on our Top 15 brands. So we tried to cull the herd, if you will, in some of these smaller brands and get refocused on Top 15 brands, which have grown nicely.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: Yes. To your point, Diane, we are on track with the plans that we laid out. Certainly, the projects we talked about back in May, as I mentioned, they're on track in terms of cost benefits and timing. The new programs, which we won't go into much, probably should generate an incremental $15 million or so of pretax profit on an annualized basis over time. So we expect a good solid return out of those programs as well. And more to follow on that later.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: The other thing I think that this allows us to do is really focus our time, attention and resources on those remaining plants. So when you've got very low utilization plants that's not helpful from a focus standpoint, so we've got a very stringent balanced scorecard in place that we monitor quality, safety, sustainability, along with the usual costs and other measures. So we feel like we've got a very good program in place, and by strengthening the focus on the remaining plants, I think that will be good news overall.
Arthur B. Winkleblack: What we're talking about was for the goals. They are constant currency. So set aside the currency, I think you should see where our currency rates are at now, yes, we have gotten, I don't know, $0.07, $0.08, something like that on a year-to-date basis. We've really don't expect to get anything more out of currency over the back half of the year, no. You tell me where the pound and euro go and where the economies go. It's always a tough question. But at this point, we don't expect much from currency in that regard. And as Bill mentioned, from a tax standpoint, we'll actually see a tax rate that's probably in line or slightly higher over the back half of the year, certainly as it compares to last year. And as I mentioned, the key is that for this fiscal year and frankly for next fiscal year, we expect to have a mid-20s kind of tax rate.
