Michael Ward: I don't know what's driving others, but what I can talk about is obviously ours. I think we are expecting this year is really not much different than what we've expected in past years. You got the issue of growth in volume, of course, our novel [ph] productivity to offset the inflationary cost that are out there, but nothing really significant that I would project at this point.
Michael Ward: And while that business is profitable, most of our lines of business are, as well. So I think if that mix thus change a little bit, I think that still doesn't knock us off our trajectory of reaching that goal.
Michael Ward: I think the way we deal with that is the law. And we have a strong policy of obeying the law. So we're going full board to have it operational by the end of 2015. We're developing the technology at this point. And you're right, some of the commuters may have some challenges, but I don't think that will impact our ability to put the system in place on our network.
Michael Ward: Yes, obviously, some of the initiatives David put in place do carry over into next year-end and are part of that $130 million to $140 million, as well as the new initiatives he's putting in place.
Michael Ward: Gary, I don't think we're going to have a quantification of that, but I think I would -- can say that we have high confidence that the plans in place will deliver the $130 million to $140 million.
Michael Ward: Well, I think that, obviously, as you know, there are some hearings that have been scheduled to look at a broad range of economic regulatory issues. I think we're somewhat encouraged by the President's executive order that he signed on January 18, putting out that we thought that we ought to be looking at lessening regulation, certainly not putting new regulations in place. And I think if you look at the freight rail industry, were a perfect sample of a company that needs to be able to continue to contribute without further regulation because we do help with job growth, manufacturing strength, competitiveness of U.S. companies. So we're encouraged and hopeful by that executive order that we're not going to see new regulatory burdens imposed upon the rail industry.
Michael Ward: We would certainly hope so. There are certain aspects of that. We have been having ongoing discussions with the Federal Railway Administration on, particularly what does the map look like? Do we use the 2008 traffic flows or the 2015 traffic flows to define what that network is? And we would hope that as part of that examination asked for by the President, there would be some relief on the expensive and unfunded mandate with its negative return on investment
Michael Ward: Scott, as David indicated during his presentation, we do have additional assets we can we redeploy, so we will keep that in that 70 plus range as we go forward.
Michael Ward: Scott, our numbers and our research indicates that over the next decades, worldwide coal consumption doubles. It's driven mainly on a worldwide basis by the economic growth in India and China. That's also being built by steel in those countries for their infrastructure. So we think the export markets are going to be very positive. In the domestic markets, we've had some plants close on CSX. Those were older, smaller plants. There were 13 of those plants on our network. And they represented less than 5% of our total annual tonnage. And we believe what will happen there is some of the newer plans will have to throttle up to higher production rates in order to make up for that.
Michael Ward: Yes, John. This past year, 2010, in the fourth quarter particularly, there was a acute shortage of domestic containers on the West Coast versus what the demand was. And as a result of that, we were able to get some pricing action there. What we have done in our UMAX program as well as the Union Pacific is doing on the UMAX program is adding capacity in that as we speak. So we'll have, somewhere in the neighborhood of 7,000 plus domestic containers more for this year, particularly in the fall peak that we had last year in the fall peak.
Michael Ward: There's a new Volkswagen plant that's coming onstream in Chattanooga, Tennessee, here this year. We're seeing growth across just about all segments, whether it's the transplants or whether it's the domestics. As you know, both Ford and General Motors have gotten improved sales. It's coming along. At least 1 million more vehicles produced this year than in North American vehicle production that was produced last year. So there's all positive trends in that Automotive business.
Michael Ward: The early Chinese New Year, which I think starts on February 3, has people -- are shipping right now in January to avoid that two-week shutdown in Asia. So the international traffic has been reasonably strong. The domestic intermodal traffic has not been as strong in the first quarter as obviously it was in the fourth quarter. So there's a little excess capacity in there. Truck rates off the West Coast are down slightly as we go through this slump. It will slump down a little bit here during the lunar new year. But we think in the spring, it'll come back fairly strong because inventories are at reasonably low levels.
Michael Ward: I don't know of that incremental number. I would tell you that of the total number, in excess of 50% is already signed contracts now.
Michael Ward: You're asking a very good question there because clearly, this mandate is diverting capital from other improvements we might otherwise make, Keith. We think that's rather unfortunate, but it is a law. It is an unfunded mandate that we're going to meet. But clearly, it's inhibiting, to some extent, us making other investments that we would like to make. And I think we now have an answer to your first question.
Michael Ward: Number one, I think that on a same-store sales basis, it's going to be very positive because the mix won't impact that because it will be differed OD pairs that's involved in that. But to answer your question on mix. Mix should be positively impacted this year, driven mainly in our Phosphate business because our projections are or a lot of interior phosphate, long-haul phosphate come in as we anticipate high corn and soybean plantings. So that should be positive. With export coal being up, that'll be a positive mix in our numbers. So it looks very good from a mix standpoint.
Michael Ward: Of all of the coal that we will ship between the 35 and 40, the mix will be 50% to Europe, 25% to Asia and 25% South America.
Michael Ward: Obviously it's only three weeks into the year. But so far, despite that weather, we're seeing strong demand pretty much across all markets.
Michael Ward: Correctly. I mean Clarence mentioned coal velocity still in our higher range. And we're really working hard and maintain it there. And even despite the weather, our teams out in the coal field areas are pretty good just keeping things running at a high-capacity, high rates, so we can meet that additional volume that needs to go to export.
Michael Ward: Some of those cars, about 600 are coal cars that are in storage that we can bring out, plus we're out in the open market now looking at some. And we've got new cars in the coal side of the business that are coming in June. We have some order racks still in storage. We have some 52-foot scrap cars still in storage. Lots of center being lumber cars in storage, and a few bulkhead flats in storage. What we don't have is covered hoppers. What we don't have is covered coals.
Michael Ward: Thank you, Peter. And thanks, everyone, for joining in for our call today. We appreciate your interest.
Clarence Gooden: Tom, this is Clarence. We feel very positive about it. We think our producers have the capability of producing, even with the cold weather that we've been experiencing in the coal field. David and his team has kept the velocity of the coal trains up to over 16.7 miles per hour, and we've checked the port capacity two, three times and worked with our partners in the ports. So we think we have the capacity to handle that on the port. So we're very, very positive on the 35 million to 40 million tons.
Clarence Gooden: Scott, this is Clarence. Some of it will come out of the utility market in the south part of the United States because our stockpiles are slightly above normal in the south. It should not affect the northern utilities. A lot of the demand is coming out of Pittsburgh. They've seen coal over the port of Baltimore. And we feel very comfortable with that. And we also have nearly double the coal going through the Birmingham-Mobile gateways that we've had before. So as a percent of total export coal, that's the fastest growing area that we have.
Clarence Gooden: Well, Chris, I think what we said was we expect to exceed rail inflation. And on an ongoing basis, that rail inflation is around 3%, 3.5% level. And we think we can beat that handily.
Clarence Gooden: Ken, this is Clarence. In our assessment of our three main exporting facilities, which are Mobile, Newport News and Baltimore, we think we have the capacity in place right now to handle the 35 million to 40 million tons.
Clarence Gooden: How much above 40 can we go? We think that there is some play above 40. And we think both in the short term and the mid term with some CapEx investments with our partners, in which we have the plans on the drawing board that we can increase said capacity. As it relates to the tariffs, the tariffs, as you know, get revised in April for most of the export coal, particularly on the metallurgical side. And we're going to watch what the marketplace is doing in trying to price that marketplace.
Clarence Gooden: I don't want to talk about the intermodal customer because that's up to that customer to make public any of the remarks they want to make, Scott. But on the phosphate side, it was a well-publicized event down at the Bone Valley, which the Sierra Club filed a suit against Mosaic. And one of the would-be phosphate mines was closed down temporarily. And that order was appealed. They were allowed to reopen that mine. It's currently operating right now. That issue will get revisited again in April.
Clarence Gooden: There's two answers to that. First one is we've seen some inquiry, not a lot, some. Because people are still in the assessment mode. And then as the unfortunate incidents in Australia sort themselves out here over the next few days, weeks and months to come, it will give us a clear view to how much of that 35 to 40 is actually going to be impacted by Australia.
Clarence Gooden: We did not, but it seems to us to be very positive. As you're aware commodity prices, particularly corn, wheat and soybeans, have skyrocketed. There's drought in South American, flooding in Australia. So we think that the corn crops and the soybeans which obviously have not been planted yet will be very big crops. And given the fact that ethanol now for cars built after 2001 or later can go to a 15% blend, the demand for corn in this country will go up.
Clarence Gooden: Anthony, we, as far as distributive power is concerned, we're always looking for opportunities to do that. And we do have some areas where we're using distributive power today. I'm sure in the future we'll find other opportunities. But largely, where we're going to be for a while would be distributive power because it is sort of just the function of geography and the types of trains that we run over our different core routes. As far as train lengths are concerned, again, we are looking at our operating plan, our regular base, try to improve our length of trains. But at the same time, make sure we can figure an operating plan that maintains capacity for growth. So incrementally, we're always going to have some capacity in that train plan to add additional traffic. As we've talked about in the fourth quarter, we did reset our train plans somewhat in the fourth quarter by rebuilding our dedicated automobile network. So we put on trains that are automobile-only trains where we had previously with a lower volumes has been using a lot of our merchandise trains to move automotive. At the same time, intermodal has growth occurs there where we add additional train starts on just a basis to maintain some volume of capacity growth within our existing network. So that's been our strategy, so you'll see that we'll continue to do that going forward.
Clarence Gooden: Donald, this is Clarence. What we're going to do on our Phosphate business is price to the market what the market demand is. So the more demand, the better we price, and it will see rail inflation.
Clarence Gooden: January started very strongly from a service standpoint as we came through the new year. And the early two weeks were a couple of our better weeks going back for a pretty good long period of time. And I'm sure you'll see that in the measurements. We have over about the last week or so seen quite a significant impact from weather again. Very frigid cold in the Northeast, especially up in our Albany division. With snow across the southeast and a number of places. I mean, that's what we do every year. It's an outdoor sport, as we say. We weather the storms. So we know over time, we're going to return to the high-level that we started the year with. And consistently across the first quarter, we'll see good levels of service performance. And we're focused on that. We have the resources it takes to make sure that happens. But most of all, we've got the most committed people to serve our customers safely, and they're out there right now doing everything they need to do to keep the service of the highest levels they could be at.
David Brown: Yes,sure Scott. This is David. We feel very confident in our continued ability to go with a capacity we have available. About 10% additional volume could come into our current general merchandise train network. And we looked at intermodal automotive and believe we can bring on 15% to 20% more volume into the existing trains, given our current operating plan. At the same time, we are always looking at our operating plan and just tweaking it as we go along to make sure it has the high level of service we need to have with the capacity for growth. And terminal wise, the same thing. We're working through some productivity initiatives and automation initiatives. We see the ability to continue to grow there, as well. We're pretty confident now.
David Brown: Ken, we really had a strong, we believe, a strong service performance in the quarter. We did have some impact from winter weather, particularly in December. So that did influence that number downward a little bit. But at the same rate, we believe that the overall service performance certainly supported the growth you've heard about today, and we'll continue to really work hard, be driven on improving it and making it the best it can be. But we're pretty satisfied with where we're reporting today.
David Brown: Scott, originations do are a reflection of our service-level. We do focus on maintaining those at the high level. And as you fluctuate up and down, it also is a factor of our operating plans, where our one plan is the control mechanism that we use. So that we schedule traffic through terminals, we schedule traffic over our line of road over at levels that we can move productively and efficiently, given the capacities that we have. So that's sort of how we, in the medium-term, focus on maintaining those at a high level. It's a daily focus that we have. It's not publicly reported, but it is something we talk about quarterly. And of course, we look at it daily and multiple times a day, and it's a key focus.
David Brown: We don't want to go -- we want to stay in the 70s to 80s range. And also we look at that on a market segment basis. So we look at it segregated by intermodal. We look at it by our merchandise trains and in several priority areas for premium traffic and so forth. So it does mean more in some of those segmented areas than others.
Oscar Munoz: It's hard to estimate, Bill. It's Oscar. As far as the long-term "Grow to 65" initiative there, we project a lot of different business areas. And there will be cycles within that. And so it will help in some areas and not help in other areas. So I can't give you a specific number.
Oscar Munoz: The number we're giving you is 2011 number. And so in essence, none of that was achieved in the fourth quarter because that would count towards the $151 million, I think, that David mentioned. So the project plan, the teams associated with that are scaled through the course of the year, different initiatives, different objectives, different timing. So that is a specific 2011 figure.
Oscar Munoz: The incentive comp is driven by our results. And of course, as you just heard, we had record results in this past year, 2010. Our estimation for next year, with higher benchmarks and higher plans will be that we'll revert back to a more normal average. So you'll probably see a little bit of reduction in that incentive comp in the first quarter.
Oscar Munoz: Well, as you know, and we've said this quite constantly, we remain committed to our balanced approach for deploying capital for shareholders through both investing and the shared dividend and repurchase programs. I think in our May Investor Conference, you'll get a broader view about our capital structure and what we're planning for the future.
Oscar Munoz: No, you're not reading anything into it. That's the number. Yes, it's a little bit of a tightening. As you know, and David showed it in his chart, we had a great success over the last few years. It's just a little tightening, but the team is terrific and often over-deliver, so we'll keep you posted.
Oscar Munoz: Just a reminder of how we do think about our sort of deployment of capital back to owners. I think primary is the reinvestment in the business, which you've seen us do quite a bit. Actually the secondary is on the dividend increases, and you've seen a lot of that. And sort of on a tertiary basis, we do the share repurchase, but as I said on the call, we've done quite a bit of that. We'll continue that balanced deployment. We will talk more about the broader deployment at the May Investor Conference. That's probably the right time for that. But in the interim, you will see the finishing off of our current authority on the repurchased aspect. So we think about all of them in that way.
Oscar Munoz: And I'll just finish up with just a general comment that our guidance on our operating ratio improvement not only in 2011 and beyond, obviously, is all predicated on delivering great service to our customers. So that is in the foundation of our numbers, and were pretty confident about it.
Oscar Munoz: Cherilyn, you're absolutely correct. The midterm view obviously is a steady progression towards that 65 within the five years. Fuel would be, if you ask me the question, would maybe probably a high significant and consistent fuel spike would cause us a timing impact in a particular quarter or year because of exactly what you mentioned. Having said that, the forward curve today is up a little bit, but not greatly that that would have that impact. I agree math-wise, anything over 100 starts beginning to have some near-term effect on the lag. But again remember, it's just the timing aspect that we're, in essence, catching up over time.
Oscar Munoz: That's correct. We did add some trains in both the automotive and the intermodal networks to support some of the growth.
