Joseph R. Hinrichs: Alright. Thank you, Matthew, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter call today. Before we start, I want to acknowledge and appreciate all our CSX employees who are out there working throughout the Southeast United States as we deal with the weather effects from Hurricane Debby. We are prioritizing the safety of our employees and our communities in everything we do. Now, this was a strong quarter for CSX. I am pleased that our results reflect the momentum that we are building as a one CSX team. And I’m proud to see how teams all across our railroad are working together in better and more effective ways than ever before. Operationally, we are developing initiatives to take an excellent scheduled railroading model and make it safer, leaner and more cost effective while providing the consistency and flexibility that our growing customer base demands. And commercially, our sales and marketing organization is creating new, more targeted methods for us to go to market, create partnerships and use our leading value proposition to convert customers onto CSX rail. Now, there is much we have accomplished so far this year and we are eager to maintain and build on our momentum over the rest of the year. We keep reminding the entire ONE CSX team that when we are aligned with each other and work together as one team, there’s really nothing we cannot achieve. Our employees, our customers, and our shareholders are seeing how we are growing the business, controlling costs, leading in customer service, and leveraging our network capacity in ways we never could before. A successful culture we are building at CSX is delivering positive business outcomes. Now, we can go over some of the highlights. Let’s go to Slide 1. On Slide 1, we show that some of the key results from our second quarter compared to revised results from past periods. Later on this call, Sean will provide more detail on the review of the accounting treatment for engineering scrap and certain engineering support labor as described in our financial report. Total volume grew by 2% with our intermodal franchise again leading the unit growth of 5% versus last year. And, we are proud to achieve this result even with the constraints at the Port of Baltimore that impacted our coal shipments. Our coal team did an excellent job finding creative ways to respond to the key bridge collapse and deliver for our customers. Our operating margin reached 39.1% which represents a 280 basis point sequential improvement. Revenue adjusted over $3.7 billion was flat compared to the second quarter of 2023 and up modestly over last quarter as strong merchandise pricing and volume growth offset lower coal prices and decline in other revenue. Operating income was 1% lower than last year but up by 8% sequentially as our efficiency efforts helped reduce expense. Our earnings per share were flat versus last year and up by 9% sequentially. Overall, this was a good quarter that was right in-line with our expectations. Had we not faced the incident in Baltimore, our operating income would have been higher year-over-year. Our challenge now is to keep moving forward by focusing on our execution even as markets fluctuate and unexpected events occur as they always do. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mike Cory to discuss our operational performance.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: Alright. Thank you, Sean. Now, we will wind up our prepared remarks by reviewing our guidance for the full year 2024. If you look at Slide 16, we expect total volume and total revenue growth in the low to mid-single digit range for the second half of the year. Total first half revenue was slightly below our original expectations, largely due to lower fuel prices. The macroeconomic environment does appear a little more uncertain than it did a few months ago. That said, as Kevin described, in merchandise, we see promise across chemicals, forest products, ag and food, and minerals markets supported by increasing customer activity, the ramp up of new projects, and a growing portfolio of business wins. On the other hand, metals and fertilizers have both lagged and appear likely to remain softer through the end of the year. We expect momentum to gradually build in Intermodal supported by strong port activity and the strength of our service performance, which is facilitating new ways of working together with our channel partners. This is allowing us to drive small but meaningful modal conversions even while the truck market still remains soft. The reopening of the Port of Baltimore, return to full operations at Curtis Bay and consistent domestic demand should lead to a modest pickup in coal shipments in the second half of the year. We continue to price according to our leading service, work better together as a ONE CSX team and push forward on our efficiency initiatives. As a result, we expect to deliver a meaningful operating margin expansion on a year-over-year basis in the second half, supported by a very strong incremental margin on our revenues. Our CapEx forecast of approximately $2.5 billion is unchanged as is our balanced opportunistic approach to capital returns. We are encouraged by our accomplishments over the first half of the year. Now, we are very focused on executing our plan over the rest of 2024 as we position ourselves for sustained, profitable growth over the long-term. We have the capacity, the operating model, leadership team and the culture we need to ensure that we are the best run railroad in North America. We look forward to sharing more details about our strategy at our upcoming Investor Day in November. Thanks for your interest in our company. Matthew, we’re ready to take questions.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: Yes. I mean, I think you first got to start with last year. Obviously, that was a difficult backdrop for our chemical market, but we have seen some wins on the industrial, development side, that are really starting to, help us there. So, that’s been positive in the plastics market, so we’ve really capitalized on those opportunities. And, I think it’s all of the above that you mentioned. We obviously have quality carriers and, that alignment with them, that understanding of the market has helped us in our conversations with customers. In fact, there’s a recent customer where we’re kind of bundling that opportunity together and allows us for us to work together in a white boarding session to really look at their total network and how we can make that real more rail centric over time. So, those are exciting things. Some of the things that we’ve been working on for a long time that are really, picking up momentum, but it’s really all of the above. It starts with the leading service in the in the east, and we’re really, delivering on that, and that allows us to have a really different conversation with our customers than we were able to a year or two ago.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: Not really any, slowdown. And I think we presented a slide last time that we do have a very, very diverse portfolio and there was a lot of focus on the EV market and certainly we’ve seen some of that be pushed to the right, but our portfolio is much, much larger than, just the EV segment. So other areas, continue to stay on trend, on pace, and we’ll, obviously have a ramp up period over time. But we have we have pretty clear line of sight. A lot of construction is already underway. So, a lot of some capital out there with these projects needing to be finished. So, we feel pretty good that despite maybe, even if the macro scene is a little bit weaker in the back half that these projects, in large part will continue on and be a positive factor for us in the back half and into the next year and the following year.
Joseph R. Hinrichs: Yes. This is Joe. Last comment to add to that. I appreciate you recognizing, quality carriers as part of our equation when it comes to margins. If you look at our second quarter performance, even with now accounting for scrap and the related labor according to our policies, even looking at fuel being down, we had over 39% margin in our corporate results. But if you look at the as we’ve said in the past, effective quality carriers is about a 250 basis point effect on our total margin. So, our rail operations, then if you just do that simple math, had over a 41% margin in the second quarter. In a clean quarter with not a lot of exceptional things going on or, like, a lot of those quarters that you’re referencing in the past had high fuel surcharge or had a lot of demurrage or storage charges or even had record export coal prices and other things like that. We had a pretty stable quarter even with the Baltimore bridge collapse. And with our rail operations, even with the inflation that we’ve had over the last couple of years, capable of delivering that kind of performance. And as we’ve noted optimistic about how we continue to run this as forward, we’re very excited about the margin potential of this business, and recognizing that service and our operating efficiency go hand in hand. Having said all of that, if the pursuit is just only to optimize the margin number, this industry or even this company has the potential to turn away good business. And I think it has in the past. If we had a 41% plus operating margin for our rail business last quarter and a 35% margin opportunity present itself, do we turn it down? And where our cost of capital is a lot lower than that, and most businesses don’t have that kind of margin. It would deteriorate the average margin on the business, but still incrementally could be good business. And so that’s where Sean’s point, is very valid. We want to grow earnings, grow cash so we can return that to shareholders and reinvest in the business for profitable growth. And that’s the kind of way we look at it. Efficiency matters. There’s no question about it. So does safety, so does service. But the big opportunity at these margins is to create profitable growth, which has strong incremental more incremental margins. That’s what we’re excited about.
Sean Pelkey: Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon. As Mike and the operations team continue to drive efficiency with strong service, we’re challenging ourselves to hold support costs in-line and grow revenue through pricing gains and new business wins. As Joe noted, we’ve built momentum over the last several quarters and we’re looking ahead to strong year-over-year growth in the second half of the year, as we finally cycle some of the discrete items that helped our results in prior years. Revenue was flat in the Q2 while operating income was down 1% when compared to revised prior year results. Merchandise and Intermodal revenue ex fuel was up 5% and was partially offset by about a $100 million of unfavorable impacts related to lower export coal benchmark pricing and the Francis Scott Key Bridge collapse. Declines in other revenue, fuel recovery, and trucking drove an additional revenue headwind of nearly $60 million. Expenses were 1% higher, and I will discuss the line items in more detail on the next slide. Interest and other expense was $11 million higher compared to the prior year, while income tax expense fell by $8 million. As a result, earnings per share was up 9% sequentially and stable year-over-year at $0.49. Let’s now turn to the next slide and take a closer look at expenses. As noted in the quarterly financial report, our review of the accounting treatment for engineering scrap and certain engineering support labor drove immaterial adjustments to previously reported financial statements. Second quarter 2023 expense was revised up by $16 million and going forward we expect a similar quarterly expense impact split between labor and PS&O. The labor portion will result in lower capital expenditures, and the adjustments for engineering scrap and labor did not impact cash flow. Total second quarter expense increased by $20 million. Turning to the individual line items, labor and fringe was up $18 million as costs from increased headcount and inflation were partly offset by lower incentive compensation and other items. Headcount declined slightly from the first quarter and is expected to remain relatively stable through the remainder of the year. We expect to deliver labor efficiency gains in the second half while continuing to ensure the training pipeline is stable to offset attrition and support future growth. Also, as a reminder, our union employees are receiving a 4.5% wage increase effective on July 1st, and that will be reflected in a higher sequential cost per employee. Purchase services and other expense increased $8 million as broad based efficiency savings and a favorable insurance recovery, mostly offset cost from inflation, a write-off of inventory in the quarter and other items. Depreciation was up $6 million due to a larger asset base. Fuel cost was down $11 million driven by a lower gallon price and improved efficiency, partly offset by costs related to higher volume. Through a combination of operating initiatives and effectively leveraging fuel saving technologies, we matched our best quarter of fuel efficiency over the last three calendar years. Finally, equipment and rents decreased by $5 million, while property gains were unfavorable by $4 million. Now, turning to cash flow and distributions on Slide 13, free cash flow year to-date is $1.15 billion. This reflects lower net earnings and deferred tax payments made this year, partially offset by the prior year impact of back wage payouts. As expected, capital expenditures are also higher year-over-year as we continue to prioritize investments for the safety, reliability, and long-term growth of our railroad. After fully funding these investments, we distributed nearly $1.3 billion to shareholders year-to-date, and we remain committed to our balanced and opportunistic approach to returning excess cash. A long-term focus on economic profit further aligns our interest with our shareholders. While economic profit is lower year-to-date as we cycle prior year comparisons, the team is strategically focused on growing this measure over time. We expect second half economic profit to be up versus the prior year as profitable growth is paired with disciplined asset utilization and attractive returns on our capital investments. With that, let me turn it back to Joe, for his closing remarks.
Sean Pelkey: Sure, Scott. Yes. I mean, I we’re not going to give a pinpoint estimate on meaningful improvement in margins or we would have done that, obviously. But, we feel good about the setup for the second half of the year, and I think what’s exciting is some of the sort of dust that’s been in the year in terms of year-over-year comparison starts to clear in the second half of the year, and you’ll see the core momentum that we continue to build both on the cost side, but also, the pricing action, supportive of the service reflective of the service that we’re delivering as well as the growth that we’re seeing in the business. That’ll drop through at very attractive incremental margins. Sequentially, second to the third quarter, you got a couple things going on that are probably worth remembering. One is Kevin’s guidance on the coal RPU, which will be down mid to high-single digits. That’ll be a big impact. We got the wage step up. For us, that’ll be about 20 million. Fuel, we have positive lag in the second quarter. So, depending on where prices go, that could be a headwind as well. That said, we’re holding the line on expenses. The things that we can control, obviously, we can’t control the wage increase or fuel prices. But outside of that, we feel good about, the run rate that we’re at in terms of second quarter for core expenses. And, our focus is on, growing year-over-year and delivering that growth at strong incrementals.
Sean Pelkey: Chris, it’s Sean. I’ll take the restatement first. So, what I mentioned was a $16 million impact in the prior year split between labor and PS&O. Even though there was no restatement for Q2, obviously, because we’re reporting Q2 results of this year for the first time, that impact was similar in the second quarter, and that’s pretty similar to what we expect on a go-forward basis as well. I’ll turn it over to Kevin for pricing.
Sean Pelkey: Yes. Ken, I’ll take the sequential part first. We’re not going to guide specifically to sequential. I did lay out a couple of the factors there that are be somewhat, challenging from 2Q to 3Q, comes with a wage step up, the net fuel, and the coal RPU. That being said, core expenses, we should trend pretty similarly to Q2. And, we’ll see what happens in terms of the demand side of the equation. But, again, feel good about low to mid-single digit volume and revenue growth year-over-year in the second half. And then, in terms of the labor opportunities, I think there’s always, continued opportunities to drive efficiencies on labor. Mike’s clearly focused on overtime reductions out there. We’re seeing momentum across many of the crafts. He’s also got a team looking very closely at how do we increase retention across the craft workforce T&E in particular. There’s significant cost in training those employees, and retention is extraordinarily important, not just from an operating, standpoint, but also from a cost and efficiency standpoint. So, definitely opportunities going forward on the labor side even if it’s not headcount. I think headcount will be pretty stable, and we will drive year-over-year improvements in headcount efficiencies where we do expect volume to grow more than headcount in the second half.
Sean Pelkey: Yes. I listened to the same call as you did. I think they’re obviously a lot closer to it, on a day to day basis, than we are. I think the environment’s persisted a lot longer, than what we expected than everyone expected, quite frankly, and we’re just, setting ourselves up for the recovery, and I think we’re well positioned there. But I don’t have any additional anecdotes to add to what we’ve all heard. I’m hopeful that, we’re further along in this cycle than not. And I think we’re set up, with what Mike mentioned on our intermodal ops side from a capacity standpoint, we’re better positioned than we ever have to bring on the volume.
Sean Pelkey: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. I think Kevin has highlighted a number of the areas. One area we didn’t talk about was automotive. And while we had strong performance in the first half of the year, I think you’ve seen the shipments over the last few weeks have been down a little bit coming out of their shutdown period. So, that’s one we watch very carefully from the consumer side of things, interest rate sensitivity. You think about it, housing market, auto market are two big areas in our business that are very rate sensitive, so we’re watching it very carefully. But my comment was, you know so that’s in addition to all the stuff that Kevin talked about earlier. But my comment was more in general, I think. I mean we were thinking about this call. This is even before today’s events, when the marketplace, I think there’s just a little more uncertainty about where the economy really is. We see a number of areas that we’re excited about for the second half of the year. But clearly, we’re watching what happens with the Fed. We’re watching what happens in the general economy. And, and so I think if you could say where we are today versus two months ago, the economy seems to be a little bit more fragile. And we’re optimistic that, you know, it can pick itself up, but we’re watching it very carefully.
Sean Pelkey: No. Thanks, Mike. I agree. I mean, margin obviously is an indicator of financial health and in our industry, it helps us to understand how efficient we’re running the railroad. Clearly, as we’re able to grow the business as well and do that at strong incrementals that’s going to help the margin, but the margin really isn’t the destination. The goal is to grow earnings, to grow economic profit, be disciplined around the way that we spend capital and look for opportunities to invest in things that have a high return, whether those are growth oriented projects or projects that help us to drive further efficiency gains, technology investments, capacity investments across the railroad. That’s our primary focus. We think that’s the quickest, surest way, to grow the value of the company. And in terms of things changing versus previously, I think you make a good point in terms of the impact of inflation on the rail operating ratio, operating margin equation. That being said, I don’t see any reason why we can’t continue to see improvement in that metric as we expect across many other metrics, in our financial performance over time if the formula, the equation that we have going for us right now is able to continue, and we’ve got confidence that we’ll be able to do that.
Sean Pelkey: Yes. No. Good question, David. If you look at the first half, I mean, I get to about $300 million of kind of unique year-over-year challenges between the Baltimore collapse, the lower export coal pricing, decline in other revenue, net fuel, that’s $300 million. Second half is not going to be anywhere near that significant. We will have coal pricing headwinds, but the rest is pretty clean. And then the other thing that’s different, in the first half of the year, we were still cycling, some of the labor additions that that came on over the course of last year. So, our labor productivity was negative in the first half of the year. That’s going to turn positive in the second half of the year, on our volume growth and, keeping headcount essentially flat from where we are right now. So, those are the two big factors there.
Sean Pelkey: There’s been a lot of puts and takes, this is Sean, on a year-to-date basis, but, we’re pretty much right on our plan in terms of both total volume and revenue, which is which is great. We had a stretch plan in place, across the teams, and we’ve done a good job when there have been challenges of figuring out ways to offset them. Kevin did a good job of describing that with the key bridge outage in in Baltimore and what we did to adjust there. And we think we’ll be able to continue to do that as the year goes forward. And I think I think we also talked about a number of the opportunities. There are some markets that are setting up quite well for us in the second half of the year. It’s not guaranteed until we actually move the freight, but we’ve got a couple areas of strength between ag and food and minerals and chemicals continuing to show nice year-over-year growth. There’s some headwinds and some uncertainties out there as well. So, nothing’s ever a given, but we’re not only focused on growing the volumes. We’re also focused on getting the price that we need to get in the marketplace. A lot of that price for this year has already been locked in, and then driving efficiency in the cost base. And we’ve already seen pretty significant improvements from where we entered the year to where we’re exiting the first half of the year that give us confidence we’ll be able to hold the line there into the second half. So, if the macro is not as supportive and maybe we don’t see as much growth as we expect, Will we still be able to deliver margin improvement? Yes. I think we will.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I guess that’s a magic question, right? When does the domestic market recover, given what we’ve seen on the export or the import side of the business. I think, I don’t we’re still not hearing from customers a major shift, in their activity from the east to the west. If that were to occur, I think it probably presents maybe more opportunities than risk for our business, especially if some things want to move further into the eastern part of our network where today that’s truck. So, it’s a watch item for us. We’ll be close with Mike and his team and able to capitalize on that if we see a shift, which this team is well prepared to capitalize on. Yes, we all listen to the earnings calls from our customers on the domestic side, and I think, we all came into the year a little bit more optimistic on the recovery. It will come, but it’s been pushed to the right. That’s for sure. And, I think, hopefully, the import business will be a precursor to, some better days ahead on the domestic side, but we’re not yet seeing that uplift necessarily as you’ve heard from a lot of our customers, on their earnings calls.
Kevin Boone: Yeah. I’ll let Mike, follow-up. But from a capacity standpoint, we’re working really close, with our team. I think we’re well-positioned to adjust as we have in the past, when these events happen, temporarily. But, like you mentioned, there’s opportunities probably for some longer haul, business should, we see a disruption on the East Coast and some more volumes that would traditionally move east local. Think about the New York markets and maybe some of the southeastern markets that are locally trucked, that would have to move through the West Coast. That that’s an opportunity for all of us to participate, and we’ll be more than ready to do that. But I’ll hand it over to, Mike to talk about capacity.
Kevin Boone: Yes. On the second question, clearly, facing a truck market when you’re trying to convert truck is not the most ideal backdrop to do that, but we’ve had a lot of success. And, you’re going to see that success really build momentum as that market comes back. So, and on the intermodal side, not as strong of a pricing environment, which we’ve been pretty transparent about. On the merchandise side, given our service, given the value we’re providing to customers, given the efficiency we’re driving for them, we’re having really good discussions around there. And, you’re right. A lot of that re-pricing every year comes out at the end of the year in the first part of next year. But, with inflation coming down, those things, those will be factors as well, but we still nothing’s really changed from our strategy there. We want to go after volume and price, and deliver the value to our customers so they are, see the value in, giving us more business along with, obviously covering the cost and the inflation that we will have to absorb every year.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I mean, Joe mentioned at Investor Day in November, and we’re certainly going to put probably more of a bow on the story and, kind of open up, a lot more of the details and share with all of you. But, we are seeing that acceleration, this year, year-over-year, in that range that I mentioned. And, when you look at full run rate and some of these projects can take a year or two to really get up to full run rate volume, But, the pickup in terms of things that we’re seeing put in place this year has certainly accelerated this year, and we anticipate that’ll accelerate next year and then the following year. So, that means, several years of growth as those projects really come up to full rate production. On average, a lot of these projects are $2 million. So, it’s a lot of small things that add up to a fairly large number. We do have the larger projects in there as well, but it’s a very diverse, set of projects, opportunities that are that are coming online across a number of our merchandise network segments. So it’s exciting. We still see the momentum out there. I think, it’s going to be fun to talk about it in November and, and share more of those details with you.
Mike Cory: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. Hi, Jon. What’s the capacity, Jon? We have the odd train, train pair, let’s say, that’s, at a higher rate of using capacity. But for the most part, our network can withstand whatever Kevin brings us in terms of intermodal. We’ve done a lot of work at our terminals. Our intermodal team is really dug in deep here over the last six, eight months to provide that great first and the last mile for the customer. But in terms of the capacity over the network, it’s there for us to get, get the business.
Mike Cory: Sure. Thanks for the question, Tom. Look, we have really made a lot of changes here the last six months, most focused on two things. Well, safety first, as though you can’t tell by our metrics on that. But service, whatever we do in terms of whether it’s we make changes to the operating plan, which in some cases has caused trains not to run on time right down to making sure that the assets that we have out there are being pushed. So, locomotives being stored. We’re doing things right now just to test the railway. And, yes, there’s been some drop in some of the metrics, and, yes, they will improve, as we go forward. But, we have opportunities here, first of all, with a very young group of people to learn how to do this properly, and second, for them to partake in it. So, the changes we’re making, yes, they’re having some effect, nothing material, but some effect on some of our lagging indicators. But, what we’re able to do from a cost perspective and still maintain that service is powerful. And, really by focusing on the connectivity between our fields people and their customers, we’re starting to see the more benefits come out. So, yes, we’ll get our metrics back, but at the same time, we’re not running for a metric. We’re running for service. We’re running for a return, and that’s very important. And so, Tom, for me just learning as I go. I’ve been here 10 months now. I’m not overly concerned. Trust me. It’s a focus, as we go through to improve those metrics. And, prior to this storm we had going, we had a pretty good, pretty good July, on those regards. So, metrics will improve, but focus is on cost and service and safety. And, we’ll figure out the right metrics from there.
Mike Cory: Well, I’ll start it off, Walter, and nice to hear you. Good that you’re on the call. Look, no different than any other time. The margin is not what we’re aiming for. We do see a pipeline in terms of efficiencies, and that’s again, this is going to take time, but it’s happening as we speak that we’re developing supervisors to see these things, giving them the tools to be able to relate to them better. And I see a lot of the things I saw in my previous career. There’s just opportunity here to connect people and activities where we get rid of waste. And that’s our focus, and I’ll turn it over to my financial friend here.
Mike Cory: Thanks, Jeff. Just to clarify, what I what we’re speaking about before was an intermodal shift. So, I was speaking specifically about our intermodal trains and the capacity that we have in that network. But everything you talked about, the answer is, yes. Do we want to run with fewer locomotives? Will there be technology that enhances what it is we’re doing? Absolutely. The biggest thing we’re focused on right now is outside of the day to day sweeping the corners, making sure people understand what the standards are and how to go about, achieving them. We’re looking at infrastructure that we have. And so there there’s some opportunities to reduce out of route miles, reduce a lot of handlings, essentially create mass where we don’t have it today. This railroad has customers everywhere versus it being linear where you can accumulate all your traffic, you can switch it out, and it runs. So, we’re going to try. We are looking at our network to see areas where we can bring and create mass in certain places and eliminate all those touches that we do. We do a lot of work online and road with trains block swapping because we just don’t have the mass at the origin terminal. So, there’s opportunities there and at our in our Investor Day or when we get together, we’ll lay out far more than just me talking about it. We’ll show you what we’re talking about there.
