Kevin Boone: Thank you Shirley and good afternoon everyone. Joining me on today's call is Jim Foote, President and Chief Executive Officer, Frank Lonegro, Chief Financial Officer and Mark Wallace, Executive Vice President for Sales and Marketing. On slide two is our forward-looking disclosure and followed by non-GAAP disclosure on slide three. With that, it is my pleasure to introduce President and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Foote.
Kevin Boone: Thank you Jim. In interest of time, I would like to ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up only if necessary. Shirley, we will now take questions. Thank you.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I think we are done. Thank you everybody for joining the call. If you have any question, please reach out.
Jim Foote: Good afternoon and thank you Kevin and thank everyone for being on the call today. What an incredible year. I would like to first recognize the amazing team of CSX railroaders. They have stepped up to the challenge again and again and put this company on a new trajectory. Success breeds success and I am proud of the foundation we have built. While we wrote an amazing first chapter, the CSX transformation story is still early. Across the organization, operations, sales and marketing and all other functions, there are plenty of opportunities for improvement to keep us busy for years to come. Millions of unnecessary events in our business processes can be eliminated which will improve service to our customers and allow them to be more efficient. We continue to make progress towards the efficiency goals set a little less than a year ago. Whether it's locomotives, cars or yards, we are finding ways to deliver better service with fewer assets. This not only saves CSX money but saves customer's money by reducing their rolling stock and other infrastructure needs. Our progress has translated to significantly more free cash flow, which allows us to maintain a safe and reliable railroad, provide the flexibility to invest in high return projects and return significant cash to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. Turning to slide five. Results are straightforward. EPS grew 58% on an adjusted basis. Our Q4 operating ratio improved 480 basis points to 60.3%, a record fourth quarter performance. And the full year operating ratio also 60.3% is a U.S. Class I railroad record. Turning to slide six. As you can see there was broad-based strength across the portfolio. Revenue increased 10% with fuel recovery, volume, price and other revenue, all contributing to positive growth. I am encouraged to see the strong performance from our merchandise business with 10% overall revenue growth. Solid 4% volume growth helped drive positive performance across all markets with the exception of fertilizers. In fertilizers, we continued to face a headwind from the previously discussed fourth quarter 2017 customer plant closure. We also saw some weakness in the fertilizer export markets which appears transitory and should normalize in the next couple months. Intermodal revenue growth was 4% with volumes up 2%. The intermodal grew despite our previously announced rationalizations, which shows very healthy core strength. Significant progress has been made in reengineering this very important part of our business which better positions the company for long term profitable growth. Coal revenues increased 8% with strength in our export Met business offsetting domestic utility weakness. Domestic steel and industrial customers also saw good growth. Finally, similar to previous quarters, other revenue gains were primarily driven by increases in supplemental fees. On slide seven, I remain focused on safety. On a year-over-year basis, we saw good progress in both FRA personal injuries and train accidents. While it is encouraging to see some progress, the numbers are far from where I expect them to be. As of January 1, our annual bonus targets include specific safety improvement targets. Safety must be a priority for every employee in this company. On slide eight, on the efficiency and service side, train velocity saw positive year-over-year and sequential movement, while dwell improved year-over-year. Only a couple of weeks into 2019, I see positive momentum in both of these metrics with the company currently seeing record performance in both measures. Cars online continued to trend down, down over 10% year-over-year, while volume increased 3%. As you will see later, this directly translated to significantly lower car hire expense. And we periodically share with you different metrics which we track on a daily basis. On the bottom right is locomotive miles per day. This reflects the average daily mileage we are able to get out of each locomotive. Locomotives are a significant cost for the company and by reducing our active fleet we save on maintenance, fuel and capital requirements. Improvement in this metric means we need fewer locomotives to move the same amount of freight. Our active locomotive count ended the year down over 300 locomotives while we grew volume and revenue. Now let me hand it off to Frank, who will take you through the financials.
Jim Foote: Sure Tom. Yes. I mean, we are going to continue to grind and make improvement and improve velocity. We are still long ways to go there to become consistently best-in-class. And dwell continues to improve. As we drive those two factors, that will improve our performance for our customers as well with trip plan compliance numbers increasing all the time. So it's the same metrics that we have used in the past and they will definitely continue to get better.
Jim Foote: No, Tom. We overachieved in that area and what I am saying is, if you are going to take that over achievement and kind of normalize it and say, okay, in order to move forward and say that we are going to do better than 60%, what's the good starting point? It's kind of foolish to say we are at 60.3% and say we are going to do better than 60%. So if you take out these real estate sales that were higher than what we had originally expected when we set our goal of 60% and remember, again, in 2020, for us to go forward into 2019 and to say we are going to beat that 60% 2020 target in 2019, we are just trying to put it in context for everyone that we believe we are really starting at around 61%.
Jim Foote: Yes. I think we had a number of $300 million and we had a trend on that. That doesn't mean we are going to do more than $300 million over the three years. It just means that we did better than that in 2019. And so taking that into consideration, as we look at, again, nine months ago, when we said, when we rolled this up, everybody thought we were insane people for thinking that we could hit a 60% operating ratio in three years. We are just trying to put it in context to show that we are going to do better than that and we are going to do better than that in a shorter timeframe.
Jim Foote: Well, as we have always said, we need to have a topline growth as we move forward and our plan here is not to just merely reduce costs in order to grow the company's financial performance. So it's always been a balance as we have looked at this. That being said, as I talked earlier, on the cost side we believe that we have a lot of opportunity out there for us to continue to improve the efficiency of the network and continue to do that through many of the same practices that we have already put into place, whether it's running trains with distributed power, using other technology to reduce our fuel costs, eliminating more and more and more unnecessary touches, the way we handle our customer's products which improves throughput and improves fluidity. So it's many of those same initiatives that will drive costs further out of the company. At the same time, we are constantly focused on the topline growth both in terms of volume and price. We have, again, starting 2018, taking just a high level view at the various business segments, we started the year with intermodal which is the "growth engine of the railroad industry". And for a lot of reasons, as I said quite a few times, we had to reengineer that business which meant we took 7% of the volume off the railroad. Well we came out of the year with 2% up. So the 2% plus 7% means recurring about 9%, okay. So I would say, under the circumstances, pretty good.
Jim Foote: To a large degree, coal has been an issue for CSX for a while and we recognized that the domestic side of the business would be relatively stable in terms of volumes which it was and we had kind of anticipated, along with everybody else in the universe to trying to guess what's going to happen with coal, that these benchmarks for both export, met and steam coal would probably not stay at their high levels for the full 12 months, but they did until basically the very last few weeks of December. So that gave us a little bit of a better, gave us a boost there on the revenue as well, which we are seeing right now. The benchmarks are still high. The optimism right now is still strong for coal. But nobody is saying that these price levels are locked-in for sure. So it's prudent for us to say, they will probably decline somewhat but still be good in the second half of the year.
Jim Foote: And then we get over to the merchandise side of the business. The merchandise side business is the area that most benefits from the change in the operating model from the old way of looking at things and running trains and forgetting where your customers' cars were half the time on the railroad. So as we have implemented scheduled railroading and have improved the quality of our service, we are expecting, first time in a long time here at CSX, we are going to turn around this merchandise business segment which is 66% of the business and start to grow it and we are already seeing some of the business that, for a long time, went away and went to truck because we didn't have a service product that met our customer needs. So as we have done that, we fully expect to see volume growth across all of the business segments in merchandise which is the key part of this company, the heart of this company. And we are making that service product fantastic and it is something that numerous recent reports have highlighted from the customer base that they are very excited about the new attitude, the new way we do business and the service product that we offer. Mark, do you want to add anything else? Again, I guess I talked plenty there. [Indiscernible].
Jim Foote: Okay. Well first of all, as I said, what does the best railroad in North America means? First and foremost, the safest. Second, providing the best service possible to the customers and the best service recognized by the customer base as being had at above everybody else in the industry and doing that in the most efficient manner. And the most efficient manner one could look at, one way to measure that in the way that it's commonly measured is by looking at the company's operating ratio. As I have said and as we said in the press release, we had a 60.3% operating ratio this year. That is the best ever in the history of a North American railroad. We are ahead of the CN and the CP who have been at this for 15 or 20 years and we are ahead of these guys and we plan to stay ahead of those guys. We have an operating ratio that was going to be 60% in two years from now. What we are saying is, we are going to have an operating ratio that is better than 60% this year. So it's not the same, not at all. It is a dramatic and significant improvement in our efficiency and performance. A full year ahead of where we said we were going to be. And as I said, when we said it nine months ago in New York, everybody said we were crazy, it can't be done.
Jim Foote: I think that in terms of the specific place where the operating ratio should be, as we move into the future, whether it's a year, whether it's five years from now, wherever it is, we will find the right spot where that operating ratio should be that it allows us to provide the most efficient, highest quality of service but grow the business at optimal levels. So there isn't a magic point where you say, oh, this is necessarily where I am trying to get to. We are trying to put the three elements there of service, efficiency and growth together and find the optimum spot and we will start to search for that in the future. At the same time, I can tell you that, at least in my opinion, you will always want to be the most efficient in the marketplace. No matter what the line of business you are in, no matter what you are making, no matter what you are selling, normally if you are doing it the best, you are going to be the most successful. So that's my number one reason for wanting to continue to drive on continuous improvement and continue to make all these changes because it continues to make us the best in the marketplace and the best in the industry. And I think that should be a goal of any organization.
Jim Foote: Hi, Allison. Yes. We were clearly disappointed with that metric during this quarter and worked extremely hard on that. Both originations on-time and arrivals were clearly not where they need to be. How do you get them better? You execute. The train is supposed to depart on schedule so that it can arrive at the next terminal. So that the assets and the crew and everything are balanced as we run around our network. It needs to get out of the terminal on time. And then, there can't be an event en route that causes it to experience a delay so that it doest arrive in the destination terminal where it needs to on-time. And so it's just execution. It's constantly looking at all of the root causes of what caused the failure en route. So, is it a mechanical issue, do we need to, are we focusing on, what causes the engines to fail? Are there systemic issues that caused the locomotives to fail, which causes the train not to get across the river? Are there mechanical issues? Are there engineering issues that we need to address? Are there crew balancing issues that we need to address? So it is all of those various elements in the way you run the railroad that you need to focus on in order to get those numbers up. I can tell you that the on-time origins and arrivals in our most recent numbers have been, I certainly hope that we can maintain this and don't get whacked with a bunch of crazy snowstorms, but are significantly better than where they were in the fourth quarter.
Jim Foote: Yes. So it was 65%, sorry. I don't want to go into the specifics of our contracts, but some of them are tied to the various benchmarks. So pricing goes up and down, collars, et cetera, et cetera. But the 65% is significantly higher than where we were at this time last year. So this time last year, we were low in terms of contracts signed up and we have started the year really good there. So that's just a reflection of the demand and that our customers want to lock these contracts up soon. So we are very happy with that.
Jim Foote: We hope so. At better profitability that would be very, again, we took off 7%, it grew too in 2018, so 9%. It all depends on state of the economy, the demand. You have all the things working in your favor. But certainly, it should be healthy, it should grow at a healthy clip. A couple of points above GDP hopefully, if not more, at better profitability.
Jim Foote: Well, sure, Scott. There's no reason in the world that we look at where we are today as far as we come and where we are positioned in the railroad industry today. And you can't make this stuff up when we find that we need to fix it every single day, opportunity after opportunity after opportunity. And I know that it sounds crazy when we said, we don't think we are anywhere near where we can get. So it's not inconceivable that mid-50s is something that someday might happen. But it's not like that is the quest. The quest is to get as efficient in best places as we possibly can be so we can grow the business.
Jim Foote: Well, pricing at intermodal was clearly the markets going into the peak season were tight. And they have been tight for a long time due to the driver situation and the electronic reporting. So it took a while for that to work out. So I think that the truck market clearly, in terms of the spot pricing, has declined. Now, in our case, as I have said before, we don't chase that spot market. Our contracts, our arrangements with our customers, our channel partners is much more of a longer term. We guarantee we provide a longer term service, a partnership arrangement with the intermodal people and they make commitments, they make investments, they buy containers, they do a lot of things in order to be able to grow their intermodal franchise with us. So it's not like, oh my God, look at this is up, that is up, that sort of thing. So that is the more recent view of the marketplace in terms of pricing. In terms of the overall economy and are we seeing changes in the economy that would prohibit or limit intermodal growth, I could say, as I said earlier in my remarks, we look at every economic indicator possible to try and understand what the economy is. And we talk to our customers, which touch every segment of the U.S. economy and especially in intermodal where they move from auto parts to technicians. And so we believe that we have a very good feel and sense for what's going on in the economy. However over the last couple of months, everybody, not only us, but when we talk to our customers, we are talking about headline news about trade, tariffs, interest rate, what's going on with Brexit, government turbulence, al of these things that everybody swirling around that must have a solid impact on the way you run the business. So we all go back and we look in the crystal ball really deeper and we try to determine what's going on and we go back to the same place we were a few months ago. Everybody, us and our customers, are still very optimistic about the business in 2019 and not necessarily on the intermodal side business, but on the merchandise side of the business, we have customers who are making the long term capital investments where they are going to be building and expanding their facilities over into 2019 and 2020. And none of those projects are being pulled back. So we feel very good about where we are right now especially given the fact that we are dramatically improving the quality of our service and are just not sitting here with a transportation product that's viewed as a commodity, that we just sell into the marketplace based on price. And the customer decides, I will go with truck or I will go with railroad, whoever gives me the lowest price. We are providing them with a valuable service and changing the dynamics and we are starting to get business from truck that historically moved on rail that's now coming back because of the changes that we have made.
Jim Foote: Well, first, yes, I would reiterate, yes. I mean to the extent that all the railroads run better, we are a network. So if everybody's running better, it's better for the individual companies. I am unaware of any kind of interchange issues that we are experiencing that would be, let's say, attributed to somebody changing their business model. Clearly, day of the week, couple of days here and there due to snow in Chicago or something like that, yes, everybody gets slowed down, yes. But nothing unusual.
Jim Foote: Well, I think that as I said, Walter, you have been following this longer than anybody, probably because you started with me, with us. And yes, as you get further down the road, it becomes harder. CN and CP have been doing it for a long time and have been recognized to be the greatest of all time and are still considered by some to be phenomenal, because they can take a point out a year after doing this for 15 years. We are beating them and we are saying we are going to get better next year, below 60% off of a 61%. So I am pretty confident and pretty comfortable that we are clearly not just sitting back and taking it easy. It just gets harder. And so I don't think anybody at this level can look you square in the eye and say, yes, let's take another 600 basis points out of the current this year.
Jim Foote: Well, in my opinion and I have said this many times for years and years and years, the reason that my opinion as it becomes a point in time when all of a sudden you start to see above average growth for a railroad company that's adopted this, is because of the quality of the service becomes so much better than it historically was. Again, it's not like some people say, oh, all of a sudden you get to some point in time, June 22, 2020 and you go, oh, we are going to pivot from cost reduction to growth. It is an evolutionary process that as you continue to focus on getting your trains to run on time as efficiently as possible, it improves the quality of the service and that customers can put more, because we become more reliable, they will put more business on it. So it's an evolutionary process. And yes, that's what we, Mark and I and everyone here now who have seen the benefits of this transformation recognize that the customers are actually starting to like us for the first time in a long time. And so we are going to continue to grow. That doesn't mean we are all of sudden going to say, okay, 60.3% is it. We are not going to get any lower. No, we are going to continue to believe that each and every year, we can continue to improve the efficiency of the network that again, it improves the profitability of the company, but it improves the quality of the service to the customer. So it's an ongoing continuous improvement initiative that hopefully will go on as long here as it has at CN and now CP.
Jim Foote: I don't know that there's any kind of formal process with time stamp. I just think that the Chairman reached out to the railroads and wants to know more about it. And we have responded and provided a great amount of detail. And none of these issues, whether it's demurrage or any of these things, is new. These things have been on the books for years and years and years. They are kind of industry practices in transportation. So I don't think there's any issue. And you also have to remember that these are public tariff situations. The vast, vast majority of our contracts or services are privately negotiated and have been since 1980 when we were deregulated and when we sign a contract with a customer and it says, you will be governed by our tariffs. So it's a very, very small percentage of the business that the customers already have not agreed to as being fair and just.
Jim Foote: No. Again, I think this is just the Chairman doing her job. She heard like you know in the media or wherever, maybe that one of those public trains magazine or something like that, she read an article that something nefarious was going on and they were reporting at. And she said, well, I am going to check it out. She said, tell me what's going on.
Jim Foote: Well, about a year ago, maybe you will remember I went out just about a year ago, I went out and met with the Maryland delegation because Hunter had said, we would not participate in the project. And I went out there a year ago and I just said well, give me some time to look at this and figure out what it is, what's going on with this tunnel, why are we spending all these hundreds of millions of dollars for a tunnel under the city of Baltimore. And so we studied it. We looked at it for a long time. And we went back and said to the Maryland delegation, I did, again just before Christmas and said, we have looked at it. The economics are such that there would be justification for us to participate, but at a lower level than had been previously committed to. The lower level being, we believe that there's a sufficient return on investment to CSX, if we put in around $91 million. I think that's like $50 million or so less than what we had previously said we would participate at. The Maryland delegation, I think, it's in my opinion, was pleased that we did what we said that we were going to do and they are trying to figure out if they could find other funding mechanisms to make up the difference. And if they can find other funding mechanisms, then maybe this project goes forward. It is viewed as a tremendous opportunity to the city of Baltimore and the state of Maryland and we are trying to participate and work with them as best we can.
Jim Foote: Yes. We are very happy, I think, with the structure. It's a structure that we are comfortable with, I am comfortable with, Ed is comfortable with because that's the way we structured the railroad at CN, driving the accountability and responsibility down to the line supervisors and the front line supervisors to make the day-to-day decisions and our experience is that the railroad runs better that way. So far, that's exactly what we are seeing. But we will continue to refine it. We will continue to improve it. At least as the employees tell me, they like it, because they get to make decisions and they don't have to pick up the phone and call somebody in Jacksonville and ask if it's okay to take a switch engine off. They get to make decisions on the fly in order to make the railroad run better each and every day. In terms of naming someone to, I guess become head of the operating department, let's call it that, we don't have a specific timeframe. Ed and I are working on that along with our human resource people to come up with a plan and the Board, because it's important for the Board too, I would say to get somebody in there as quick as possible. But we are not going to rush forward and do something rash. We are assessing all of our talent internally and if appropriate, we will look elsewhere. But, we got a lot of great people here that can probably step up into that role. And then one of Ed's responsibilities when I asked him to come and help me was to help me choose that, find that person, work with that person and train that person so that they can be the best. And there's nothing that's changed there. You know maybe we will get it done this year, I don't know.
Jim Foote: What I said was that with the lane rationalizations that we announced in October and then ones that we implemented January 3 of this year is about another 8%. We would look to make that up. And if we are flat, that's great. If we are up slightly on volume, that's even better.
Jim Foote: I don't think we gave any volume growth for 2019 other than, as Mark anecdotally said in his comments here related to volume growth on the intermodal side that we hope that we will see flat, again because we took 8% of the volume off again, flat. And if Mark being the marketing czar that he is, is able to achieve success, he will grow it, again like he did this year. And so the low single digit number is in relation to revenue growth in 2019.
Jim Foote: Listen, we are trying to grow the business. That's what we keep saying over and over here. And you know we can grow the business with price and improving margins. And we are open for business.
Jim Foote: Well, the goals are pretty clear. FRA personal injuries and FRA reportable accident. So there's complete transparency and no ambiguity in terms of what we are trying to do. From a cost savings perspective, they have put a dollar amount on personal injury. My goal and I have told everybody here since I walked in the door here is, I don't want anybody to ever get hurt here. And so you will see that our numbers, at least from a personal injury standpoint, have improved and come down dramatically. On the FRA reportable accident/derailments, wow, there's a huge amount of money we could save if we can get that number down, huge. But again, that's not necessarily the sole motivation. Every one of those, in my opinion, every one of those accidents where we derail, where we corner the car or we kick the car down the wrong track and it derails or something like that. In my opinion, every one of those incidents means somebody could have got hurt. And so we have got to stop doing that and we have got to stop wrecking things. But on that accident side, it could directly answer your question, there would be a big pot of money there if we can improve that number.
Mark Wallace: Sure. So let me just repeat briefly so everyone understands what we did in 2017. As Jim just mentioned, at the end of the year 2017 when we began this journey of fixing our intermodal business and getting away from what we thought was a broken hub and spoke model, the impacts to those changes that we made then had an impact of about 7% of our intermodal business. As Jim just said, despite that, we grew our intermodal volumes last year 2%. In the middle of last year, as we continued working through a lot of the changes that we made over the course of the year, we decided to do another round of rationalizations, changes that impacted as of October 1, another 3% of the business those took effect and we announced as well as other changes that took effect this year on January 3, impacting roughly another 5%. And as Jim just said, for 2019, we think we are going to be flattish to hopefully slightly up for the year on volumes. We have been going through this for some time now. You have probably seen some reports from some of our customers who actually agree with what we are trying to achieve. Clearly, we are competing in the lanes where we think we can do a better job of serving them. We are doing really well. We had a great peak season this past fall and into Christmas and we are doing so at lower cost. We got away from, as I said, the traditional hub-and-spoke. And so the switching and the lifting and all the crazy stuff that we have been doing previously that were driving down the profitability of that business segment is improving substantially and we are not done. We still got a ways to go, but we are pleased with the progress that we have made so far in that area.
Mark Wallace: Yes. As I just said a couple of minutes ago, we just announced another round of rationalizations took effect on January 3 this year. Those are obviously working with our customers as they work through all those. I don't foresee and I don't anticipate any other significant announcements in intermodal changes anytime soon. I hope we don't have to do anymore. I think we are getting the network down to a manageable area where we can really focus on the lanes, where we can really compete and deliver superior service. So we are focused on that. We are driving hard. As I just said, yes, we are going to overcome the loss of the rationalizations as we did in 2018, hopefully in 2019 as well. And so yes, I would be disappointed if our volumes were down and I am looking and I am pushing that we make that up and maybe do a little bit better.
Mark Wallace: And I think Allison, one thing under scheduled railroading that we have talked about a lot historically and the Canadians talked about a lot, we are focused on here as well, trip plan compliance. Trip plan compliance is what the customer experiences. When the train departs in the terminal and when it arrives is one measure, but what the customer experiences is, did we hit the committed to trip plan for his or her container or intermodal. That's something that we are intensely focused on CSX right now and we will be rolling that out to customers this year and that's our product. That's what we sell to our customers is meeting their trip plans and the commitments that we make to them on when we are going to deliver their goods.
Mark Wallace: Sure. So 2018, I think it was the second highest export coal year that this company has ever done. Somewhere around 43 million tons. We expect similar low-40s in 2019. Hopefully we are able to match our performance in 2018. But the mix is 65% met, 35% thermal. That hasn't changed. I should say that of our export coal for 2019, we have about 65% of our contracts are already locked up and the team is working hard to get that to a 100%. So we see a very good demand environment and the benchmarks are where the benchmarks are and there is a forward curve. Who knows where that's going to go. It bounced around like crazy in 2018. We are not sure exactly what's going to happen but we have made reasonable assumptions in our plan for 2019 which I think, as I said, are reasonable. And again, as long as we can get the coal out of the ground and get it to the port, I think we will have a very good export coal year.
Mark Wallace: Hi Ken. Just to alleviate maybe some of your concerns with respect to the intermodal issue in Q4. Don't be concerned. You are always going to have a little bit of noise in there. We did see some impact with respect to the lane rationalizations. We are seeing and experiencing some really good pricing renewals from channel partners on the private asset side. And the spot market rates don't really have too much of an effect, 90% of our intermodal business is not impacted by the spot market. Most of our contracts are multi-year. We have seen recently there are all kinds of talk in the industry about what's going to happen to the spot market. Nobody really knows. There has been a little bit of softening, but I don't think we are too concerned about it at this point in time.
Frank Lonegro: Yes. So a couple of things on that one. Better service obviously requires less folks to run the railroad. Less assets come from better service and less people to maintain those assets. And then certainly on the G&A side, as we have attrition opportunities, we will take those. As you think about our historical attrition levels, we are thinking about going to 6% to 7% from a total workforce perspective.
Frank Lonegro: Hi Justin, it's Frank. In terms of the real estate, as Jim mentioned in his remarks, we did have an extremely good 2018. We still have a good pipeline for 2019, perhaps not as good as 2018. But you should expect some choppiness quarter-by-quarter in 2019 on real estate. On the line sales, in 2018 we did have line sales that had both cash and gain impact. It's a little unusual to have the gain impacts on line sales. Those were lease conversions that drove some operating income favorability. In terms of 2019, we do have a couple of lines sales in the work. They will be cash accretive but not necessarily operating income accretive. In terms of your equipment question, yes, we had a great run in 2018 both in terms of engines and in terms of cars. We will continue as service improves and depending on the volume elements of things, we will continue to see less equipment in service in 2019. We don't have specific targets around that. Obviously a lot of that's going to be dependent on our achievement of service levels and the volumes that come onboard. But you should continue to see us run a better railroad, a more efficient railroad, a safer railroad and continue to drive long term profitable and sustainable growth.
Frank Lonegro: Yes, a good question. In 2018 we did pull some stuff forward. We did have an acceleration of PTC. Jim wanted to get that done as quickly as possible. From a safety perspective, it makes all the sense in the world. We had some hurricane damage obviously in 2018 that we had to take care off. And then we had a couple of high return projects that got involved and wanted to look at certain things that could help improve on the maintenance side, especially on locomotives. 2019, we gave you a range there to give ourselves some flexibility on projects that may or may not come to fruition, as we look across both the commercial side and the operating side of the business. We are going to hopefully finish up positive train control and most of the spending in 2019. So we ought to see at least that element of step down as we get into 2020. But then again, every year is going to be a little bit different. We are going to look at the free cash flow. We are going to look at the opportunities to generate returns on those projects. So we will give you 2020 guidance as we get out much further into 2019.
Frank Lonegro: Yes. So let's do your equity earnings one first. I think if you plug in somewhere in the $20 million to $25 million benefit a quarter in your 2019, you will probably end in good shape. This year was $96 million in total. I think you are going to see roughly that same amount, as you think about 2019. In terms of other revenue, yes, I did say it's going to be a tad lower from a run rate perspective. This year the number was $582 million. We have $28 million of liquidated damages. So back that one out and then get a little bit lower on your run rate there. I am not going to give you a quarterly run rate number, but if you take the $28 million off and then back out a little bit more you will be in the right neighborhood.
Frank Lonegro: Yes. So sub-60% for 2019 is obviously the message that Jim is sending and it's a reported number. So yes, it would include some level of real estate gains.
Frank Lonegro: It doesn't have an expiration. But certainly, we wanted to make sure we had the authority and the capability to be in the market when the window opens. We exhausted the prior program early, which is why we are announcing it on this call. Normally, it would have been a little bit later in the year in connection with the capital structure conversation that Jim mentioned in his remarks.
Frank Lonegro: There's nothing in the 2019 capital number that Jim and I talked about relating to the Howard Street Tunnel.
Frank Lonegro: And remember, Ravi, you got fuel price moderating. So you are not going to get the fuel surcharge uptick that you saw this year. And then as you heard me answer, I think Scott's question around the supplemental line, that's coming down. So, you have got more help from the volume and the pricing side than what that low single digit might imply.
Frank Lonegro: We have ample capacity, line of road, equipment, people, we are good to go. When they want to bring it over, we are ready.
