Michael Jon Ward: Well, thank you, Oscar. When we stand back and look at 2012, it helps to think about the opportunity for our company against 3 criteria. First, what does the business environment look like? As Clarence noted, there are favorable conditions in nearly every major market we serve. CSX provide service to a diverse portfolio of businesses. And through them, we see an economy that continues to be favorable for growth.  Second, are we able to grow in this environment? Yes. As stated earlier, we believe we'll be able to grow faster than the economy overall. In the merchandise business, which makes up more than 40% of our volume, we expect to achieve solid growth in line with the macro economy. We are also expecting strong growth in intermodal, which makes up more than 35% of our volumes. We have a significant head start coming into the year with the onboarding of Maersk, and there is every indication that highway conversions to rail will continue to drive further growth in intermodal.  Third, can CSX grow profitably in this environment? Here again, the answer is yes. It is important to note that CSX was able to generate record earnings in 2011, at a time when we were making strategic resource investments that will position the company for future and drive long-term growth. Now we have a network that is more capable than it was a year ago and a workforce that still has a relentless focus on safety, service and productivity. In 2012, it's our job to leverage that capability of our network and our organization to deliver outstanding results for our customers and for you, our shareholders. As we do this, I'm confident CSX will once again deliver record financial performance in 2012, and continue to progress toward a 65% operating ratio by no later than 2015. Thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to taking your questions at this time.
Michael Jon Ward: Before that, let me just address it a little bit in general, this change. We have, I think, really good disciplined operation in our culture now. And that is in place. And what we really need to do is, to go to our grow to 65%, we've got to continue to get our productivity of $130 million to $140 million a year; we need to continue to get above rail inflation pricing, which I'm confident we will do; we also need to grow the business. And the primary driver for this is we can take that disciplined culture, put more rigor, better customer service, better margin expansion through those efficiencies to really take it to the next level. And in my view, Oscar was the guy. He’s been a proven leader here at CSX, a key business partner of me, 9-year veteran of the company. I think Oscar is the guy to take us to that next level. So that's primarily the reason for those changes. And as you know, Fredrik’s going to come in behind him, Fredrik Eliasson. Again, I think many of you know Fredrik from his years when he did Investor Relations for us. Again, another proven leader that brings great expertise and knowledge. So I just wanted to talk about that in general, so before -- Oscar, you talk some about the productivity.
Michael Jon Ward: Yes, Ken, this is Michael. You're right, the Northwest Ohio Terminal is up, running well. We're just working on expansion of our Columbus Intermodal Terminal. We just opened up a new one in Louisville at the end of last year. On the Clarence side of it, what we're calling phase one of Clarence, which is between Northwest Ohio over to our facility at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania is proceeding on plan. It's underway and we expect by early 2013 that route will be cleared. In addition, we're working very closely with the Maryland Department of Transportation to site a new Intermodal Terminal in Baltimore. And we have a very huge project in the District of Columbia, where we're working to double stack, clear and double track the Virginia Avenue Tunnel. We're in the environmental evaluation -- environmental assessment period at this time. We've been doing community outreach for about a year now. And we're hopeful that, that EA will be dug somewhere midyear this year, mid to late third quarter, and that we would be able to commence construction at that point on, to clear that from Norfolk over through to Chambersburg.
Michael Jon Ward: Well, Tom, I think you can appreciate our not making further comments as to some of the reasons why David has chosen -- or David has left the company, it's the company decided that he should leave. And we're just going to leave it at that, we're not going to comment further on that at this point. I do think that this is a very positive thing with Oscar and Fredrik moving into the new positions. I think will really propel us into the next level.
Michael Jon Ward: Well, if you go back a little bit, as you know, in 2009, we very aggressively took out cost. Actually, had our second best operating year ever, operating income year, even with volumes down about 15%. As we moved into '10, Gary, we were very conscious to not bring those resources back more quickly than we needed to. And so we, through a good portion of '10, did not bring back many resources. And quite frankly, we may have been actually a little too stingy at that because then, when we got into the beginning of '11, especially the first quarter, volumes were up 7%. And we started off the year pretty well, but then we got hit with a sequence of storms. And I think that really showed that we probably didn't bring the resources back as quickly as we needed to. So then as we went into the second quarter, and especially the third quarter, what we were doing basically is restoring those resource levels to where they need to do to provide the service our customers needed. So that's why I think you saw our margins in both the third and fourth quarter somewhat less attractive. Because not only were we bringing the resources back, but the volumes really didn't behave as we expected them to in the fourth quarter. October and November were actually fairly weak. It rebounded in December, which was encouraging to us going into this year. So I think it's a matter of we were a little too tight in bringing back these resources quickly, and we had to correct that during the course of this year. That being said, it puts us in a very good position going into '12 because we have those resources in place. We have capacities on both our merchandise and intermodal trains to where we can get back to those incremental margins that you like to see and we like to see, quite frankly, and are necessary to get to our goal of 65%.
Michael Jon Ward: Well, Gary, if the volumes aren't there, obviously, we'll adapt to that as we did in '10 -- I mean, '09. Sorry, they all meld together after a while. So some of it depends what business it is. So stuff that is unit train in nature, grain, coal, aggregates, it's very easy to pull those resources out very quickly, and we would if the markets weren't there. It's a little trickier in the scheduled networks of intermodal and merchandise. Small volume decreases, you really can't do much, bigger ones you can. All of that being said though, as Clarence stated, and as we believe, we actually see the economy continuing to grow. We see ourselves growing faster than that economy. So we really think we're well positioned to handle that growth. But again, should it not be there, we will make the actions to adjust the resource levels.
Michael Jon Ward: And Cindy, don’t we have about 70 locomotives in active storage you could pull out very quickly if -- we would love to have that problem, Ben, and we would be able to handle it.
Michael Jon Ward: So that's about a 10-point gap between originations and arrivals. And I'd say, historically, Jeff, the best we've probably done is something in the 6% to 7% gap. And I think as we move through this year, we'll probably move more toward that kind of spread.
Michael Jon Ward: Obviously, we get some efficiencies from running more volume through there, and then we have actions that reduce the cost regardless of the volumes.
Michael Jon Ward: Okay. Let me address that. So one, we're going to spend well over $1 billion deploying this over the next few years. I think our estimates this year about 250, we're going to be spending this year on that, probably similar amounts over the next several years. There is some possibility -- I think there's no possibility this will not be there. It's the law. I don't think there's momentum to repeal that law. So we will be spending those moneys. There is some possibility that the time to implement will be extended beyond 2015. The FRA has to give a report to the Congress in, I think, it's March of this year, March 1 actually, to say where is the industry on the implementation of this. And as a matter of fact, we're meeting with the FRA administrator, Szabo, tomorrow as an industry. Our view at CSX is that given the complications with developing the new technology and the delay in receipt of some of those new technologies, that it's unlikely that 2015 will be achievable, and that there will be a need to extend that deadline just because it cannot be implemented in that time frame. We would hope the FRA would have a similar view and recommend to Congress that, that time line be extended, which obviously would make it easier to do a more orderly implementation of it. On the question of what is being in effect pushed out by the PTC. Obviously, I think we would be doing additional purchase of certain car types, probably buy a few more locomotives, maybe a little bit more into our track structure, so we’ve had to trim each of those back some to accommodate this and stay within the 18% of our revenues, which we are going to spend over the next few years through 2015.
Michael Jon Ward: No. Actually, we're doing some of the preparatory work that we have to do to our locomotives and to our signal systems. We are doing what we can absent the technology being ready yet. So for instance, we know how big the component is going to be on the locomotive. So we're making the space to plug it in when it comes. So we are spending the money to be ready. If they said it must be by 2015, we are working to have it done by 2015. However, there may be certain components that are being developed that will not be available in time to be deployed. And if that's the case, they can insist all they want we make 2015, it is not going be practically possible because the devices won't be available.
Michael Jon Ward: We hired roughly 500 people to help in signal installation last year. That work is going on this year. We are certainly going to spend the money. It's the law. We're going to obey the law. The issue is the technology being developed is not coming as quickly as one would hope.
Michael Jon Ward: Well, thank you all for your interest and attention. And we certainly appreciate all the good questions this morning. We'll see you next quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Thank you, Scott. That's an excellent question. This is Clarence. First, we saw a significant impact on our coal business already in 2011 because of natural gas prices. So most of the plants that are in our region that can convert either to the combined cycle gas or in the latter part, when gas prices got below $3, which would be the single figures, coming online, we have seen that conversion. Number two, most of the utilities that were impacted by the environmental regulation of CSAPR, which are our older plants and less efficient plants, the principal and preponderance of those plants had been off line. And we don't expect that to have any significant impact going forward for us. Third, is that gas prices, in our view, are nearing the end of where the bottom of the gas market is. As I'm sure you're aware, because your group follows it pretty closely, you're seeing the rig count start to do several things: One, they're changing. They're actually going down, particularly in the Marcellus Shale. Two, a lot of the drill rigging counts are moving from Eastern Pennsylvania over to Western Pennsylvania to go for the Utica oil reserves. So we see a stabilizing in the natural gas prices. Now having said that, sequentially on a year-over-year basis, will be a little softer than the first quarter, but nowhere near in our utility business like it was in 2011.
Clarence W. Gooden: Tom, this is Clarence. Most of our thermal coal that we're selling into the market right now is actually physically sold in some cases, as late as -- or as early as 2010, but most cases, throughout the year in 2011. So they were all sold on forward curves at the time of the API 2 index. Our metallurgical coals are sold both in our tariff, which has not changed and is sold usually in most cases on an annualized basis beginning in April of each year. So one, nothing is materially changed on that metallurgical side. And two, we'll know more as we start to approach that April time frame. There was some things in the coal rags that talked about in December, the pricing for thermal coal into the export market. And there were some cases there where we were, in fact, pricing on what the API 2 index and its forward curve was based on the December numbers. But it was no price cutting at all that was going in there on any kind of existing business that we had.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, at this point, Bill, as we said earlier, it’s really too early for us to accurately forecast the full year ahead. But we do expect the export coal to be at strong levels and similar to what they were in 2011. And we predicate that on at least 2 of the markets that we're serving, both Asia, which China is still growing at a 6% to 7% clip. India's need, as well as South American need in our particular coal franchise. And then as I pointed out, for the foreseeable future, the thermal contracts that we have are in place or under contract. The shippers are required to take them. We've seen no indications that anyone plans not to take those shipments. So for at least the foreseeable future, we feel very positive.
Clarence W. Gooden: Yes, Chris, this is Clarence Gooden. The principal and preponderance of that Maersk business is going on existing trains. There are exceptions to that. So for example, we have a lot of volume that's coming out of Maersk's new facility called Commonwealth over in Virginia, and that required some new train starts. And then in the Chicago to New York lane, where we had some of our train capacity was filling up. We had to add incremental train starts there. But a lot of it was absorbed within the existing network, particularly in the Southeast.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I don't know is the truth. I know that below $2.50, it starts to impact the Powder River Basin coal. Having said that, when coal starts -- when natural gas starts approaching those $2 levels, as you're aware, there was a lot of speculation yesterday on that. One, the drill counts start coming down because it's very -- it's not as profitable to drill for the natural gas at that low a rate. Number two, you saw some of the energy companies announce that they will focus more on shale that can produce the liquids, the oil. Number three, then you have to start taking into consideration, what are the mineral leases? When do they expire? So Chris, it's a very complex formula. But let me just say it and conclude it like this, I don't like natural gas this cheap.
Clarence W. Gooden: Justin, we feel very positive on the profitability of all of the Intermodal business that we're handling right now. In fact, it's helping us to justify the capital investments that we're putting into it. So in my view, it's a very positive story.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, obviously, if the demand is lacking some, the pricing opportunities that we have is lacking some. But I think it's important to note that there's not 100% direct correlation between the delivered price of the coal and what our transportation price is in the coal. So if the year pans out the way that we think it's going to pan out, we expect to have a year similar to what we had this past year.
Clarence W. Gooden: David, there's a couple of answers to that. Yes, we do have take-or-pay provisions that impacted our utility contracts last year. And there were, in fact, liquidated damages paid. We have no major legacy contracts in our coal coming up for renewal in 2012.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I'd prefer not to give you the average duration of our contracts with our customers because of the market conditions on that. And it varies, too.
Clarence W. Gooden: Peter, the yield in the Phosphates & Fertilizer is directly related to our mix. So you get involved in the short-haul phosphate just going to the export peers at Rockport for export. In the case of our Metals franchise, as you saw, our volumes went up in our Metals business pretty strongly. And so we simply took those covered coal cars and all that are in short supply and priced to the market, took the rates up.
Clarence W. Gooden: Matt, I was looking at some numbers yesterday and for the last 12 months, the inventory numbers that have come out from the Institute of Supply and Management have been one constant number. And that inventory number has been 1.27, and it's been pretty much like that for 12 months. So somebody's reached a new norm and has decided I'm not going to keep a lot of inventory around in my warehouses, and I'm going to order it and keep the logistics -- keep it in the logistics pipeline when I need it. Chemical side of our business, what we're seeing happening for chemical companies is because of the low natural gas prices, and the fact that the U.S. plastics markets is predicated on chemicals, natural gas as opposed to the rest of the world, which is as you know is on petroleum products, the U.S. chemical industry has been very competitive on a worldwide basis. That doesn't necessarily help CSX per se, but it does help our chemical customers. A lot of that's exported out of Texas ports and out of the Gulf ports directly into the world. So we don't see as much as probably we should see about it. The good news is long term, what's good for our customers is good for us.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think our automotive industry is in a very positive growth situation. The industry itself is projected to be at $13.8 million vehicles and light vehicle production. There are some analysts, more than not, that think that number could be a little low, it could go up. For us, in particular, a huge growth opportunity for us this year, we're going to be very proud of, is our intermodal franchise. We have business now under contract with 7 of the 10 largest steamship lines in the world, with 4 of the largest motor carrier operations in North America. Our IMC community -- intermodal marketing companies -- that we do business with is very strong. The connections that we have with the Western carriers are all positive in our intermodal business. So there's 2 that we feel very strongly about. And then it's a little too soon right now, Walter, to tell, but as we start looking to see what the crops are going to look like this spring and this summer, that too could be a very positive thing for us.
Clarence W. Gooden: Yes. I'll give you 2 answers to that. The first question was did our customers let us know when our service got bad? Every day. Number two is, have they seen a difference in it? And they started seeing that difference in it actually last fall. There's a time lag in our business with when things start getting better before people see it, but we really moving out. And we just had a customer advisory council meeting a couple weeks ago here in Jacksonville, where we bring in some of our customers both large, small and medium and talk about issues. And they had nothing but glowing remarks to make about Cindy and her team. And we have several internal initiatives that we kicked off to improve our service, all of them getting positive response from within our company from the ground level up to the ballast level, the men and women that actually make this place work. So to Oscar's point, earlier today, our operations team is extremely strong.
Clarence W. Gooden: That's what we're implying is that there's less volatility in the transportation rates. There's some now, I don't want to mislead you, there is some, but not to the extent that it is on the commodity price itself.
Oscar Munoz: I think, as I said, Scott, we will see those improve throughout the year as we cycle the resource investments in 2011. And on a full year basis, we'll return to the levels we saw back in there. To get to the 65%, obviously, the math says you have to get your incremental margins at least above 35% over the course of time. And the power of our pricing, the power of our service and productivity are the things that drive that. And so yes, we have good confidence over the course of the next couple of years along with an economic recovery that we can get to those numbers.
Oscar Munoz: Sure. And Ken, I'll actually take you back here to your specific question on $130 million, but I can't tell you how exciting this opportunity is for me for a host of different reasons, and there's a lot of initiatives. But before I start with that, I can't over emphasize, and frankly, we've all read the overnight critiques on the management changes and appreciate everyone's viewpoints, but you can't under emphasize the importance of how many people we have, 30,000, that over the course of the last few years have built a great disciplined culture around operating our business. Cindy Sanborn, who's in the room with us, is one of those. This is not a business about one person running trains. This is about an entire network and a whole group of people. That structure is in place and working through that. And so my role, as I'll talk about a little bit, is a broader one initially, as I kind of transition to the role. On the $130 million, the great news about it is that there's no new initiative that I have to bring. That plan is in place. As Cindy mentioned, that pipeline is built in. We're in the process of building the pipeline for the next couple of years. That's how the process has always worked. That’s how it will continue to work. So I'll clearly have more individual input into the outer years. But as far as this year, we have a great group of accountable individuals that are going to get at it and we'll pivot from that. So that's the long answer on the $130 million, Ken.
Oscar Munoz: Tom, and I'll be a little esoteric on this, because again I've been thinking about this for quite some time, just as a general part of the overall executive team. As we look forward, and as you know very well and as all of the people on the call, the markets in our business are becoming slightly more volatile. And that appears to be a trend that's going to continue for some time. And we will have questions on domestic and export coal and other markets over the course of time. And all our network structure, how we design and build, has to become more nimble and agile. And those are key things that I think I can help with, with regards to leveraging, the tools we already have, the technology organization that's coming along with me, which is why we married the 2. And of course, I can't emphasize the personal leadership of all the experienced people we have in our operating team. So it's about nimble and agility aspects going forward as we fine tune and take this network to the next level.
Oscar Munoz: Bill, I think what we've said is that we have a remaining authority of $700 million, which we will complete this year.
Oscar Munoz: We don't typically talk about a particular line item, Justin, particularly talk about that. But let me rephrase your question just a little bit. The MS&O line was the line item in this quarter that if I look at sequentially, operations ran well, volume ticked up, the operating expenses were well controlled. We had a host of small items in that MS&O line that, frankly, I own, we're not controlling as well as they should. And that was the blip this year. As we go forward, we got that under control. And again, that MS&O line, as you know, always moves around a little bit. But the sort of unique items that have hit us at year end are not going to be repeated.
Oscar Munoz: And I would just add one very simple thing. In all that process, over that course of time with those beyond the qualitative side, I think our teams have quantitatively and analytically understood what the drivers behind those issues. So when Michael talks about we're a little too stingy on resources, we know the pivot points as to where we reach that threshold. So we now have a lot of science both on the downside '09 and on the recovery. And I think that's exciting as we go through that. Getting back to the qualitative side, our increasingly younger management team that's out there has got to experience both ups and downs, and that is critical in running an operation. Because they've got to see both those sides, and that's going to bode well for us in the future.
Oscar Munoz: I think that's important. Our levers are price, volume and productivity. And so as we've shown before that we can do, we'll pull on all those, but volume, of course, is an important portion of that.
Oscar Munoz: Again, as you can appreciate, with the economy still fluid in a lot of the questions [indiscernible], we may need to adjust up or down. But right now, our sort of projection is that we would be up really only marginally above our year end 2011 levels. And certainly, less than a one-to-one basis with regards to volume.
Oscar Munoz: It's Oscar, let me take that one if I could. You're absolutely right, and as Cindy mentioned with a 15% to 20% capacity level, where we can, we are filling up and lengthening trains. And of course, because it's a new customer win and sure [ph] service, we do have multiple train starts that support it. But yes, the incremental margins on the intermodal business is probably equal to some of the margins on some of our core business like coal.
Oscar Munoz: Sorry, we have 15%, 1-5, to 20% capacity on our existing network. Where we can, that Maersk business is going into that capacity. In addition, we are having train starts in certain origin-destination pairs, as you can imagine, where we didn’t before. The percentage between the 2, I don't have exact knowledge but we work that into our network.
Oscar Munoz: I think I would use more -- it's tough to figure out on the points. I think a better barometer is probably on the operating productivity side chart that Cindy had, which is more like in the $50 million to $60 million. Again, there's a lot of math that goes between the 2, but I'd go more with the $60 million than what’s on this chart. This includes a whole host of other items, some are unique, some are not. I think that the productivity measure’s the more of the one that emphasizes how we're running as an operating company.
Oscar Munoz: But I will reflect on the last question on productivity. To be clear -- I know that was a little, maybe, unclear -- our productivity measures are cost driven. It is -- the concept, the math behind it is doing more things with similar resources or a similar volume with less resources. That's how the math and algorithms are built in, so it is a cost driven function. There are efficiencies and all that, but the $130 million is a cost takeout.
Cindy Sanborn: Justin, this is Cindy. Let me address the question about capacity on the intermodal network. We see about 15% to 20% capacity capability on the existing trains that we're operating. So we see a great opportunity to take on the growth that we're anticipating and do so with the existing network. And I'll let Clarence answer the Schneider question.
Cindy Sanborn: We have the ability to redeploy people, locomotives and, of course, crews to handle the unit train network. As you know, domestic coal is a unit train business. And if we needed to be able to do that, we have the capacity to do that fairly well. At the present time, since domestic coal is moving throughout our network as opposed to specific lanes like maybe export coal, we have not needed to make any adjustments to headcount at this point or manpower at this point. But if we need to, we will. And we think we're able to handle what is coming our way and any more fairly, readily well.
Cindy Sanborn: Well, as I mentioned on the presentation, all of our service measurements look extremely strong, both the ones we're displaying here and our internal ones as well. So we feel really good about the momentum that we have, that we've been able to drive from the third and into the fourth quarter. As far as the arrivals specifically, that's a measurement we'll continue to work on. I think it's still in front of us as the rest of our measurements are to continue our great progress in maintaining our service at very high levels.
Cindy Sanborn: I'll take that one. This is Cindy, the $130 million productivity amount is expected with the volume increases that we expect to see in 2012. So we feel very good about the areas that we've targeted. And we have good solid plans in place to execute.
