Michael Ward: Thank you, Oscar. Over the past 5 years, you, our shareholders, have seen significant gain in the value of your investment. That value has been created by CSX employees who are relentlessly focused on generating competitive advantage in the near and long term.  Doing both means that we have to anticipate future transportation needs today, and make the right investments to meet them over time. The key is to make those investments from a position of strength, from a company that's healthy, setting high standards and performing well. That is CSX. As the government strives for solution to the nation's fiscal challenges, CSX is creating real economic stimulus from within. Our efforts ensure that business moves efficiently. Air is cleaner, highways less congested, the need for imported oil is reduced, jobs are produced, and real value is created for American businesses, communities and shareholders. Your company stands to benefit not only because of the major cost and environmental benefits but because of the investments in the quality, flexibility and capacity of America's ever more important transportation infrastructure. With that, we'll turn it over for your questions.
Michael Ward: Yes. And, Ken, this is Michael. You had mentioned that the cost elements of it. Quite frankly, with some of those challenges we had in the merchandise network toward the second half of the quarter, we still had a very good cost profile as Oscar pointed out. With 7% more carloads, we were only up 4% in costs excluding the impact of fuel. So I think we still did it in a very cost-effective manner.
Michael Ward: Yes, David, it's constantly adjusting that train plan to make sure we can meet those demands. But right now, we guess we have 10% to 15% capacity in our merchandise network, maybe 15% to 20% in the intermodal, and it's constantly changing that as we see it moving. So we think we can meet the demand that we expect to come. So thank you, Justin.
Clarence Gooden: Tom, this is Clarence. One, thank you for your comments there. That was kind of you to say. To answer your question directly, our pricing has been broad-based, it's been across all lines of our businesses, both in our Merchandise side, as well as in our Coal, Intermodal side of our business. As we've told you before, we expect that we will exceed rail inflation this year going forward, and that's pretty much where we want to stay.
Clarence Gooden: We took a tariff increase, but the tariff covers a relatively small portion of our overall portfolio, and that's why I made that point.
Clarence Gooden: Well, Scott, this is Clarence. I'm not sure that anybody knows what normal is anymore. I guess there's new normals. But indirectly relation to our stockpiles, our stockpiles in our southern utilities have declined from what they were at the last quarter, but they're still higher than what has been the traditional norm. And in the north, our utilities have stayed pretty much constant with what they were the last quarter. And having said that, our utilities stockpiles in the north have tended to be closer to what has been a traditional norm.
Clarence Gooden: In the north, it's running around -- let me think about that a minute or two. About 56% in the north, and around 81 days in the South.
Clarence Gooden: Well, as you know, the thermal market into Europe has improved in the last 3 months, the API 2 Index about a week ago, was up to $129 and that's significantly up from where it had been previously. Having said that, we got some -- we've seen some slight pickup in thermal coal going to Europe. Going forward longer-term, I'd be hesitant to venture a guess, given what the German utilities position had been recently on nuclear power, and given the other factors that's influencing that in Northern Europe right now. It's a little too soon to speculate on that.
Clarence Gooden: Bill, yes, I believe that we can. I think we'll exceed both the GDP and the IDP numbers. And as you're aware, GDP is a -- Global Insights has it at about 2.8%, the Fed has it around, 3% to 3.5% going forward, and IDP is somewhere in the neighborhood of -- Global Insights has it at 5.5%.
Clarence Gooden: Okay. First is, is that last year, 2010, was our record year in export coal at about 30 million tons. At the end of the fourth quarter, the start of the first quarter, we gave you guidance, if you'll recall, in the 35 million to 40 million-ton category. We're now saying that we're going to be at about 40 million tons in our export market going forward. So that will be our largest single year that we've had in export coal. Going to quarterly volumes, your question is, if I understood it correctly, was does that add volatility in the market? And the short answer would be, yes, it does add volatility by going to quarterly prices. However, the reason that we went to quarterly prices is we expect that volatility to be at an up position for the remainder of this year, very positive in pricing for the rest of the year.
Clarence Gooden: The major part of that was the mix changes. Intermodal has become a larger part of our portfolio. There were some noise around the fringe on some of the mixes in other markets, but it was mainly driven by the intermodal mix.
Clarence Gooden: Chris, this is Clarence. We feel very positive about it. If you think about what our true number was in core pricing on our intermodal product, it was up on a year-over-year basis, in line pretty much with what you've seen throughout the industry. We think that's going to stay in place going forward when you look at what is happening in both the truckload capacity, for example, as measured by the Morgan Stanley Index, what we're seeing happening in fuel costs and the efficiency of our intermodal product being 3x to 4x that of truck. It looks to us every indicator we see, that the pricing environment for our intermodal products going forward is going to be positive and continue to be positive.
Clarence Gooden: The largest mix impact within that segment itself was the large growth that we saw in our international traffic. That was up 24%, which, as you know, Chris, carries a slightly lower revenue per unit, because it's in private equipment.
Clarence Gooden: Justin, this is Clarence. I can't give you a met coal number by month. I can tell you that in general, or market for met coal is between -- is in the 69% to 70% of our export coal is metallurgical coal. The other 30% to 31% is in the thermal coal. I can tell you that our Coal business on the export was very good from a fluidity standpoint. In the first quarter, the 11 million tons that you've alluded to. We think that we have additional capacity in our port facilities, as well as our rail infrastructure to handle more. Having said that, I want to stay in guidance with you, that we're going to ship about 40 million tons as best we can tell right now for the year going forward. And as the year progresses, we'll know more.
Clarence Gooden: This is Clarence again, Jon. What I could tell you without giving you specific numbers is, is that we expect and will have a significantly larger container fleet available in our UMAX broke, along with our partner, Union Pacific as we proceed throughout the year. The reason I don't want to give you a specific number is we consider that confidential market information. But the numbers will be up significantly.
Clarence Gooden: Well, by having just in general a larger fleet, it makes more containers available on that spot market. Obviously, we'd like to tie up as many as we can under longer-term commitments. But the fact is, is that the spot market is just bad. It's where we have available capacity. We try to utilize it to the maximum efficiency we can. Then when we don't have available capacity in those markets, obviously, we just simply don't play it.
Clarence Gooden: No. The comparable impacts the revenue per unit as opposed to either the profitability, or the sheer volume that's in that business. So we expect our volumes in intermodal to stay very strong throughout this year.
Clarence Gooden: Yes, Jason. The met coal runs around 69% to 70%, and the thermal coal runs at obviously, the remainder 30% to 31%.
Clarence Gooden: Well, I think that would be premature for me to say that other than to tell you that we have, at CSX in our intermodal network expansion plans both the announced projects that you've seen in 2011, and we obviously have a comprehensive plan over the next 2, 3 years to expand and invest in our intermodal network. But having said that, as Michael pointed out and David earlier, we have about 15% or plus capacity within that intermodal network as it exists today. So we can handle a lot of surge and a lot of growth in the foreseeable future.
Clarence Gooden: Walter, this is Clarence. We thought it rained and snowed on the entire eastern United States, so we thought everybody had issues in regard to that including our customers, including our competition whether it was rail, whether it was highway-based, or whether it was water-based, barge base. So most of our customers were, I don't know if sympathetic is the right word or empathetic is the right word, but clearly understood the issues that we had. And I think what they expect going forward is, as we do as David has outlined, that we rebound, we get back to the service levels that they are accustomed to, and I think it's a very positive story for us.
Clarence Gooden: Well, I think Central Appalachian production has got all the long-term issues that you and I and others have talked about, read about, and speculated over the last few years. Having said that, in the near term here for this year, our Central Appalachian production is very strong. Our producers are producing quite well. I'm not aware of any mining issues that we have other than the normal one-sy, two-sy stuff that crops up from day to day. So we expect our central app coal origins to be big, strong and robust both in our domestic and our international markets.
Clarence Gooden: Matt, this is Clarence. We had really 3 issues that sort of impacted us, in my view, more than perhaps, our competitors. One, is our Florida utility base was down, both due to our burn and dispatch in the Florida area, generation in the Southeast in particular, electrical generation, was down 1.1%. And the main driver behind that, as we understand it is, is that on a year-over-year basis, we had a milder winter versus 2010. And as you know, most of the heat here in the south is done with electric heat pumps, and a second factor influencing that was lower natural gas prices, which impacted the sources of dispatch of what electricity was used. The second factor involved the bridge outage up in West Virginia at a fairly large coal producing mine for us, and we're working on getting that problem solved as we speak. And then there was a shift in dispatch by some of -- one particular major utility of ours in the Southeast from a CSX source plant to an NS source plant which was simply a balancing of what the utility stockpiles were. Going forward, we think that our utility coal will continue to grow and do quite well in 2011.
Clarence Gooden: Sure. In terms of our locomotive fleet, we have about 60 locomotives that are readily available in storage with sort of a very short time period preparing them for service. We've got about 30 more, they may take a little longer if we need to bring those out, we can, and just, again, taking a little longer to bring them back up to a high level of maintenance. And then we've got about 200 more locomotives that are, what we consider stored and not serviceable, which means they would have to go through some major work in order to bring those out. So a pretty good number when you look at our overall fleet, a pretty good number of locomotives still in reserve. And as far as our furlough employee situation goes, it's fairly minimal. There's about 200 employees in our conductor ranks that are in furlough right now, about 400 of all crafts. So there's a base to draw from. We have both the, we call them employees as needed, and we also offer some relocation or temporary transfer opportunities. A lot of our employees take advantage of when they're furloughed in order to get work. So again, we have a pretty good amount of those resources still out there, and as we hire through the year, covering our attrition and hiring for additional business, it's all a part of our plan and it's going on a very consistent basis.
Oscar Munoz: Tom, yes, there will be a general step-up because of the hiring and the training costs. But in addition to that, I think our continued productivity will more than offset it. So no. No significant increases other than what you'd expect normally.
Oscar Munoz: Ed, it's Oscar. I think if you look at the first quarter overall volume growth, half of it was intermodal this quarter. And I think that's probably the larger mix impact that you're seeing versus what it was last quarter.
Oscar Munoz: And if I could just punctuate that, Ken, with one last statement. As you know, we, both, Michael and I, re-committed to the high-60s guidance for 2011. And I think that commitment is obviously, includes the service improvements we expect in the ongoing business volumes that Clarence discussed, so we're confident.
Oscar Munoz: You raised the obvious and important point is that we still aren't at that level of return. I won't suggest in specific number on this call, but certainly, we're below it, and our charge has been to sort of meet and exceed that cost of capital, as we make those investments. And the investments to support the great business growth and the great support we give to the American economy, I think it's important that we continue to make those, and so let me just stop there.
Oscar Munoz: Well, I think as we talked about our balanced deployment of capital, certainly, our first priority is the reinvestment for business and particularly for business growth. So in the instance that we saw the right requirements in the out years or out quarters, we would certainly let you know ahead of time.
Oscar Munoz: Chris, it's Oscar. Yes, in the quarter, we did have a slight bit of that with junior employees, and we had some slightly lower comp. 2010 was a recovery year from the 2009 recession, so we had pretty high comp numbers. So I think as you look forward, I think it's a story of 2 halves. The first half you'll see sort of the inflationary rate that you saw this quarter. The second half will probably increase by $10 million a quarter or so, and that's just the normal midyear accrual for the future labor contracts that we normally do.
Oscar Munoz: I think, Justin, yes, if you don't adjust for fuel. But I think it's important as you measure an operating efficiency of a company, although that's a very real expense. When you adjust for that, incremental margins stay very strong. But as you outline on an out year, out quarter basis, as fuel moves up and down, it will have that effect on margin.
Oscar Munoz: Well, we still have roughly a good amount of capacity left in the system across all the networks. If you think of our peak volumes, probably as recently as '06 and back to '04, we're still well below them on an overall volume basis. So we're not putting a lot of constraints on our capacity.
Oscar Munoz: Again, the normal practice of making and running a much more efficient network, the double stack clearances, a lot of the network investments we've made in terminals and fluidity, I think those are all part and parcel to improving the margins on that great growing business.
Oscar Munoz: We have talked about this in times past about the incremental margin being on par with our average margins in our core business. So yes, when you have 15% to 20% capacity, those extra cars going in back of a train, create quite a nice bit of margin improvement. So incrementally, they're very, very healthy.
Oscar Munoz: I think, well, there's two assumptions, right? There are business outlook and the forward curve. And I think our business outlook, as you've heard today, remains very robust and that allows us to restate that guidance as we have.
Oscar Munoz: I mean, I think as you know, the more important part is the fact that personal injuries do continue to be at record low levels, which is, I think the biggest accomplishment that we like to talk about. Now given that, I think we'd expect more modest reductions to these reserves as we look forward into this year.
David Brown: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ed. And what we've done is we have progressively brought in the resources, so it's not really big chunks. It's like over time, we bring back our locomotives, we brought 180 back into our active locomotive fleet. At the same time, we're calling back our furloughed employees as needed, and have done that over the period of the last couple of months, especially the last several weeks. And then the hiring is based on an annual plan that basically keeps it flat throughout the year. So we're hiring at a strong level, sufficient level and doing on a consistent basis across the year.
David Brown: Some, in the remaining -- throughout the second quarter, we will be continuing to bring on more of our locomotive resources, and that will level out. Hiring is consistent across the entire year week by week.
David Brown: Well, Ken, we have seen some decline in our measurements as you saw. And I mentioned the 3 networks, and we have sustained a consistent level of performance in our intermodal network. I showed you how our coal network has remained very fluid, and it really is a merchandise network issue. We found ourselves doing quite well through January and most of February, and as we had winter impacts in late February, storms rolled in across our system in succession in early March. We did see a drag on our merchandise operation, both increases in dwell time and some drag on our velocity. So the recovery initiatives that I talked about are the things that we're doing and are ongoing, and we're very confident in our ability to recover back to our high-level of service in all 3 networks. And at the same time, we know that takes time, and we expect to be working on that across the second quarter. We have -- when we look at the overall sort of definition of significant loss of fluidity, in our assessment of that, the measurements would be 240,000 cars online consistently there or above, which we are significantly below that. If we see sustained dwell above 30 hours, that's where we believe that we really -- really see congestion that is at a rate that would be less fluid and our velocity at 18 miles an hour, consistently below 18 would be a severe issue as far as our measurements are concerned. So we're certainly in the range of fluid operations in all 3 of those measures, and you'll see those improve through the second quarter.
David Brown: Certainly. This is David. Thank you, Scott. We are very confident in our achieving that level of productivity that we already stated we would achieve. We of, course, started that early in the first quarter. We're working through various initiatives. We were challenged somewhat in the first quarter but have our initiatives underway to accomplish, and I've talked about yard automation, train length, and there's just a long pipeline of multi-year initiatives really that we've implemented, or continue to implement through our cost processes, through our service processes and therefore, are very confident in achieving that result.
David Brown: Sure, Gary. This is David, and yes, just to give a little more detail on that. It really is -- it began with the weather. And again, we weathered the storms very well in January and February. We did see a succession of storms across our network, particularly in early March. And essentially, we're not able to recover between those. So we found ourselves somewhat constrained because of the lower velocity and the increase in dwell. And it's not network wide in merchandise. It really impacts regionally towards in the deep South area, and somewhat in the Midwest. And all of our routes that are tributary to the Western gateways. So there is impact around gateway fluidity. That has collateral impacts into our network. We've obviously encountered this before. We know how to deal with it. We know that it takes resources and time, and a lot of focus to bring the operation back to the high-level that it's expected to be at. And that's what we're doing right now, and we see those improvements on a daily basis, and we continue to make that our focus. It's solely really, a function of a catalyst of weather, and then the impact of just going through the recovery process.
David Brown: No. I don't think that at all. I think we have the search capacity that Michael talked about. We always are looking at our One Plan and building into that through incremental train start additions. We've done that in intermodal, we've done it in automotive, we've done it even in merchandise. So we add trains into our network that make it more efficient and maintain that level of search capacity. The bottom line is, it takes more resources to run a slower railroad with higher dwell time then it takes to run it at the higher level of velocity and improve dwell, and we know that. So we know we have to concentrate resources into it to return to those levels, and they will maintain our efficiency at the resource levels required to sustain higher velocity, lowered dwell, with a better service product and maintaining the search capacity that Michael talked about.
David Brown: Chassis supply. Okay. Number one, on domestic box capacity, we don't foresee any of the repeat issues of 2010 as we move into the fall peak of 2011. In regard to the ocean chassis situation, if you follow that to some degree of detail, the ocean carrier fleets themselves are moving away from privately held chassis fleets into OCEMA managed chassis fleets. That is a process that is still in a lot of flux. It remains to be seen how that's going to end up, but we don't anticipate that on CSX, of having any adverse impact to our intermodal operations. Third, what are we planning for, for the fall peak, assuming all of the economic assumptions that we have in place, and that the country has in place, in fact materialize. Assuming that there's no disasters or things beyond our control, we expect to have an absolutely robust fall peak and look forward to handling.
David Brown: This is David, Donald. So when we look at where we have seen, I mentioned the regional sort of impact areas, and certainly, because we use the same routes for all that traffic, it has impacted our intermodal velocity. I mean, marginally, those are still not bad velocity numbers, they're just not at the high levels we've been at, where we know we could be in. We always focus on velocity as a key part of our productivity and just efficiency overall, and we're working hard to restore that. We showed you things like our premium service, maintained at a high level, we are certainly meeting our demands for as far as moving coal, moving export coal, and there's some velocity impacts around just moving that coal to the export terminals and handling it there. So it's not all related to the merchandise network issues. But it is one overall system, and the influences in the merchandise area have some marginal impact on the rest of our traffic flows. Again, not at levels that we have identified or defined for you as what we would consider not fluid. And we're doing what it takes to solve it on a consistent basis, and you'll see those measurements will improve as we go through the second quarter back to where you've seen them in the past.
