Oscar X. Munoz: Thank you, sir. Good morning everyone. Let me start with a review of our safety as it is our first and foremost priority. In the third quarter, the personal injury and train accident rates both increased versus last year’s near record lows. While we’re disappointed that the metrics have ticked up slightly this quarter, we remain focused on continuous improvement in safety. We remain a leader in the nation’s safest industry and we’re committed to both community and employee safety. Let’s turn over to the service performance on the next slide. As you can see on the left, third quarter on-time originations and arrivals, along with velocity and dwell, were all stable sequentially. While CSX’s overall service performance is still below the level of our customers and we have come to expect demand on our network has remained strong. As you can see on the chart on the right, service levels have remained steady since the end of the first quarter and have continued to support volume growth. And as importantly, our cost of service is improving. We are working with our customers to meet their rapidly increased demand levels, but as you know, resources in the rail industry take time to be put in place. In that regard, let me discuss the framework on the next page which we’ve been sharing with our customer to keep them updated on our service recovery efforts. Now, while elementary, the chart on Page 15 conveys the four primary service components, all of which are highly interrelated. We tell our customers there’s a need to ensure not only that we have the right level of train crews but the necessary infrastructure and appropriate number of locomotives with a process that anticipates and reacts to changing business conditions. Let me briefly touch on each of the four areas depicted on the chart, starting with trained crews. We have hired about 1,250 T&E employees this year for a net increase of over 300 crews and revenue service this year. We currently have 900 crews in training and expect to have over 1,300 by year-end. Hiring crews, as you know, takes six to nine months to find the right individuals and train them. I’m happy to report that given the hiring we’re doing we’re well on our way to having the train crews we need to support both recovery and future growth. Turning to infrastructure, this is the longest lead time area there is in the rail space. In addition to the actual construction, new projects can take years of planning and getting the necessary approvals from local, state and federal officials. The good news is that we have finished several projects and have many more underway to help improve network fluidity in Chicago as well as our water level and river line routes in the northern tier. Additionally, we’ve been steadily increasing our intermodal investment such as the expansion of our Northwest Ohio intermodal terminal which is nearly complete. Next, and as you can see on the bottom of the chart, the locomotive icon is colored red. While we have added over 400 active units on a year-over-year basis, unfortunately the unanticipated rapid volume growth that we’re experiencing has exceeded the current capabilities of our locomotive fleet and is a major cause of our service challenges, earlier this quarter we signed an agreement to purchase 300 new locomotives over the next few years with deliveries beginning early next year in 2015. This combined with our own heavy repair program will generate the locomotives we need to enable recovery and again support future growth. Now because these units will not be arriving until after the first of the year, we anticipate locomotives will continue to be a challenge for CSX into next year. Lastly, let me focus on the process bubble for a moment. This is the area most in our control with the fastest cycle time. We’re actively working to improve planning with other railroads, especially in the critical Chicago Gateway. We are nearly complete with our winter preparations and, also very importantly, we’ve been holding ongoing dialogue with our customers to keep them up-to-date on our service recovery progress in order to better meet their continued volume growth. Now wrapping up on the next slide. While the service is critical, our team understands that safe operation is still job number one. This team remains committed to safety and service and I greatly thank them for it, and I’m proud to be part of it. The network performance remains stable and we’ll continue working on maintaining the delicate balance of meeting increased customer demand and service recovery. While costs are temporarily higher as we work through our service issues, they have improved sequentially and we expect them to return to normal as fluidity is restored. Lastly, we remain highly confident that our dedicated operating team will gradually restore service to the levels our customers have come to expect from CSX. So with that, let me turn it over to Fred for his review of the financials.
Oscar X. Munoz: Sure. So you’re right. It was about $32 million in the second quarter we estimated about $16 million here in the third quarter, the difference was predominantly that we had less reliance on foreign horsepower here in the third quarter than we had in the second quarter as we’ve been able to ramp up additional leases and other repairs that we’ve been doing on our equipment. Over time it’s still running relatively high. But the big delta between the second and third quarter was just that, it was the locomotive costs.William J. Greene – Morgan Stanley:  And you said, one, six. 
Oscar X. Munoz: Yeah, thanks. So yes, the early part of next year, we’ll get 100 new. Thomas Wadewitz – UBS Investment Research: Okay.
Oscar X. Munoz: And then, we are hoping for early delivery of a couple hundred of a – of the second hundred later in the year. But we also have our internal what we call heavy repair process that should deliver roughly between 100 and 150 over that same between now and the middle part of next year. So we’ve another outlet just other than the purchases. It is just timing. Thomas Wadewitz – UBS Investment Research: Okay. That’s great. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Oscar X. Munoz: Yes, Cherilyn, this is Oscar. Yes, certainly there is a broader set of issues and a very complex environment, right, kind of a spider network, six Class I’s, heavy commuter and passenger rail on the plays, so those require a lot of coordination. What is called the CTCO, which is in essence the terminal operating team that is represented by most of the railroads, it has been a coordinating factor there and has done a pretty good job. Remember we forget that Chicago just got slammed with a huge amount of volume which has created a little bit attention. So knowing that, knowing that another winter is coming and that heavy volumes continue, we have been working across most of the industry to sort of get CTCO to act more like a single terminal. We’re going to 24/7 operations during the period. A lot more engagement between all levels and most of the railroads again and then importantly to your question, improve the informational planning tools because for a while there was kind of word of mouth. I called you and said I was in trouble and then you tried to fix it. Or you didn’t see that problem. And so rather than taking the human aspect of that, let’s put it in a system, put it in a scorecard, if you will, and then that will drive what we call an alert status that will increase the level of interaction and coordination. So it’s a combination of people, communicating more, using tools to get facts and data so that we are not guessing. And then really there is kind of a great level of trust, desire, and capability for everyone to work together there. So it is a broad, complex environment and we are focused on getting that done for the next few months.
Michael J. Ward: Well, thank you, Fredrik. Over the past few years, CSX has overcome the challenge of an energy transition in America, absorbing a loss of nearly $1 billion in coal revenue and leveraging new opportunities to sustain earnings growth. CSX has emerged from this transition as stronger company. That strength was evident again this morning as CSX delivered record third quarter earnings for its shareholders and stable service for its customers, while reaffirming the company’s bright future. That future is built on the continued execution of CSX’s core strategy. That means enhancing our ability to grow faster than the economy, price above inflation, make strategic investments and produce ever more efficient operations to continue delivering superior shareholder value. That is what you saw drive our performance in the most recent quarter and we expect that strategy to drive our growth going forward. In short, we remain confidence CSX will continue to deliver compelling customer value, which directly translates into superior value for you, our shareholders. Now, we’ll be glad to take your questions.
Michael J. Ward: Hi, Bill.William J. Greene – Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Fredrik, I wanted to ask you for a little bit more color on the 2015 commentary. I think we’ve all been surprised at the volume growth so far in 2014. And so can you talk a little bit about the confidence on that double-digit growth rate? Does it suggest that the pricing outlook is superior and therefore incrementals should look better? Is that kind of the key to getting to double digit? Because I would assume volume growth would slow just given the comps. But maybe you can offer some views there.
Michael J. Ward: You might actually see a step back. As you know, in the past mergers there have been severe service disruptions after one of those transactions.David S. Vernon – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Great. Thanks very much for the commentary.
Michael J. Ward: This is Michael. I’d just add. When I go to DC, I think the general sentiment is they probably will do the tax extenders before the end of the year.
Michael J. Ward: Good morning, Ben.Benjamin Hartford – Robert W. Baird & CO.: Good morning guys. I guess this is for Oscar. I just want to get a little bit more specific in terms of service expectations. You had talked about gradual improvement and I think Fredrik had talked about returning to service levels that you and your customers expect. I’m just wondering more quantitatively what does that mean. Do you think that – if we use the high watermark of train velocity for let’s say it was 2013, is it reasonable to expect that you can get back to those levels, the cycle, and we can define a cycle for as long as we need to? I mean, 2015, can train speed velocity get back to 2013 levels? Is that a realistic target? Do you think that – have you seen enough to think that surpassing those levels is unreasonable as well? I’m just trying to get a perspective on how quickly and how fully we should expect service to be restored.
Michael J. Ward: Well. Certainly, intermodal margins are going up. They’re going up for a couple of reasons. The trains are getting longer. The double stack clearances are obviously helping getting more density on the trains. The efficiencies that we have in the newer and more modern terminals with the automation that made the margins better. And frankly the price increases that we are getting in the marketplace now both in our international business and in our domestic business has got a long way towards improving those margins. So I think you’ll see margin improvement in the intermodal marketplace as we move forward.
Michael J. Ward: Well, I think Clarence – this is Michael, I think Clarence actually said that the export rates will not go down anymore. I think they won’t go up unless we see a change in the world marketplace. So he was not saying they’re going to go up, he was saying they would not go down anymore. On the domestic side, Clarence, maybe you could address what you are seeing there.
Clarence W. Gooden: Allison, this is Clarence Gooden. Obviously, we have our eye on it with the crude prices this morning approaching $80 on West Texas’ Intermediate. But in the near-term we don’t see any impact on our crude business at this point in time. We’ll watch those prices as they test the ceilings of what the Bakken crude is, but we don’t see any near-term impact on that at this time. We think it’s sustainable.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, let me take your second question first. It’s really too soon for us to give you any commentary on the export coal for 2015, but we’ll certainly do that on our fourth quarter call. On your first question, I’m certainly not an expert on crude spreads here. I did see a discussion this morning, however, by the former President and CEO of Shell Oil, in which he said he thought it was very interesting that the OPEC countries may in fact be – one of the reasons they’re bringing down the price of oil is to test to see where American fracking companies would in fact start to shut down wells. Since nobody knew what that number was, it was a closely guarded secret. So your guess is as good as mine when those would start coming in, but there’d obviously be some number, but it’s, to my knowledge we’re nowhere near close to what that number is.
Clarence W. Gooden: They’re running in general on the contractual side about 10% to 15% below where the truck load rates are. The spot market, however, is much closer to what the truckload rates are. We’ve been able to close that spot market in the – due to the tightening up of the truckload demand. So we’re probably within 5% of those.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well in our door-to-door service product, which has traditionally carried a higher RPU was roughly flat this quarter. And in addition, we saw pretty strong growth in what we’re traditionally backhaul lane markets and that has had a negative impact. For example, our UMAX product, which moves from the East to points beyond Chicago, which are traditionally back haul flows, has had a healthy volume growth even though it has had an RPU growth of around 3.5% that volume has still had a negative impact on the mix. And the rest of the intermodal businesses as you know is managed on long-term contracts, it has and has price escalators built in. So it is difficult for us to in the short term to get some of those rates up.
Clarence W. Gooden: Ken, that was mainly in one of our market areas. I think you’re going to see very robust pricing going forward. We are concentrated and focused on our pricing. So in regards to the question that Bill Greene asked earlier, pricing, you’ll see going forward being very strong and very robust for us.Ken Hoexter – Bank Of America Merrill Lynch: All right, I appreciate the time. Thanks.
Clarence W. Gooden: The North, Chris, is almost at their target levels. In fact, you could say they’re at target levels. The South is still building and by the fourth quarter should be at target levels.Chris Wetherbee – Citi Investment Research: Okay. So it feels like there is about one more quarter or so to get prepped, and then we‘ll see what the winter brings us.
Clarence W. Gooden: That’s right.Chris Wetherbee – Citi Investment Research: Okay. And then my second question, just a little bit of a bigger picture stepping back and thinking about the 65% OR target. As you stand with it now and the market as it stands today, could you give us some sense of sort of what you need to see happen to get toward that target, move towards that target? You made great strides on OR in the third quarter. Just want to get a rough sense of sort of how to think about sort of the puts and takes towards getting to that 65%, and maybe a little bit of color sort of when that could potentially happen.
Clarence W. Gooden: John, this is Clarence. One, it has worked the way we expected it to work. And two, it is not the reason we made a competitive pick up.John G. Larkin – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
Clarence W. Gooden: Matt, this is Clarence Gooden. First, we don’t have fixed variable rates in the export coal. But to answer your question I think you were driving at, we said earlier on last quarter’s call and to reiterate on this one, we are at the bottom on the export rates. So we’re doing nothing, we are as low as we can go everything from here forward is up.Matt Elkott – Cowen and Company: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think we expect by the end of this year to be up about 2% and I think you’ll see a slight increase in the first quarter as well. But it is nothing significant. The predominance of our hiring right now is in the T&E ranks and some on the support side and the mechanical side. But it is not a significant increase.Benjamin J. Hartford – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Clarence W. Gooden: You’re talking about coal?Walter Spracklin – RBC Capital Markets:  Utility coal, domestic utility, yes.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I’m not looking at it on my sheet here in terms of tons. I was looking at it in terms of percentages, but I’m guiding you to strong, a very strong fourth quarter in coal on a year-over-year basis.Walter Spracklin – RBC Capital Markets: Right, okay. 
Clarence W. Gooden: On the fixed variable, obviously as the tonnage goes up on that part of the fixed variable, and about a third of our contracts are under fixed variable, the average RPU will go down as the volume goes up. If the volume stays flat next year then you will see the rates will stay the same. If the volume goes down then the RPU will go up next year. 
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well I mean as I think we said in our prepared remarks, in the fourth quarter we already expect volumes to come down slightly from what we seen here over the last few quarters, but we still expect a pretty robust macro environment next year and that coupled with some of these more secular things that we’re seeing in the energy environment and our intermodal trends continue to point towards a pretty healthy volume environment for 2015 as well. Clearly, as Clarence has mentioned a little early right now to talk about what export coal is going to do, but that is the wild card. We’ve said that repeatedly and there is probably more downside than upside. But we continue to produce pretty good results, we continue to bring a fair amount to the bottom line even though we’re not operating as efficiently as we can. So the fact that we are going to cycle some pretty significant headwinds we had here this year in the first quarter and even in the second quarter coupled with a good, healthy top line environment gives us the confidence that we should be able to produce double-digit earnings growth next year.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes. If you look at where we are on other revenue, I think there is couple other drivers if you look at a year-over-year clearly, we are seeing a little bit of higher incidental revenue predominantly in intermodal, because of the tight capacity environment that we find ourselves in we see some of the subsidiary railroads have done a little bit better, than they did a year-ago. And then last year was a little bit depressed because of some of the revenue adjustments that we had, so, that kind of explain it. So I would say that this quarter was a pretty good run rate. I think historically I have said $80 million to $90 million is probably a good place to be, we were slightly above that here this quarter. But somewhere around $80 million to $90 million is probably a good place to be in other revenue, excluding any liquidated damages.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think we’re trying to stay away from any specific market and try to predict what it will do, because as we try to do that in the past, we found ourselves that we usually are wrong, either good or bad for that matter. And so, we try to stay at a high level. As we look at next year, we still feel that double-digit is the right place to be. But clearly there are lots of pluses and minuses. We got the fact that the macro environment, as I said earlier, is positive. We’ve got a tightening capacity environment that should be helpful in the pricing side. But then you do have export coal and you do have the fact that we need to see the cost coming out of the system as short-term over resource but then see the cost coming out. And then the thing that you don’t know what is going to happen is obviously weather. We just don’t know the impact on weather both in terms of utility coal stockpiles and we don’t know whether in terms of the impact of our network performance. So take all that together and when we add that and we’ll look at it and we still say that double-digit is the right place to be.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: No, I think that overall our guidance has been 2015, I think we tried to stay away from longer-term guidance than that because of the fact that it’s hard to predict. But our overall arching goal is to getting our operating margins is down to the mid-60s and that’s the longer-term guidance that we have, but so there’s no change in guidance from that perspective.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think you are pulling on one of the reasons why we are not putting that explicit number into our earnings report at this point because the calculation itself becomes more complicated as you start to ramp up additional hiring and so forth. But if you look at where were again in the third quarter while we’ve had some additional people in training the big driver really was the difference in terms of how we’ve sourced our locomotives for the quarter. And so it has come down because it is a lot cheaper to get our leases, the use leased locomotives versus the foreign horsepower. And as you think about the next couple of quarters, to your point, there will be incremental cost that will come in as we bring on additional locomotives, as we bring on additional maintenance for those and additional hiring that we are doing. So I think that’s a fair point.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. So next year I think will be the height of that drag. We’ve started seeing a little bit here in this year, but next year essentially our cash taxes will be almost at the statutory rate, so 36%, 37%. There won’t be many opportunities to defer taxes next year because of the fact that we’ve enjoyed that bonus depreciation for so many years. But as you move into 2016, you will start building up some of that depreciable base again. Now all of this assumes that bonus depreciation will not be extended, which there is still some talk about. But right now it looks like about $250 million or so, $250 million of impact on our cash flow year-over-year just from the fact that bonus depreciation is going away in 2015.
Fredrik Eliasson: I don’t think in terms of our T&E folks we have any hourly workforce. I think that obviously that could be a benefit. The question is ultimately what you have to do in order to make that work economically with the unions as you do go through those negotiations. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. So, PTC is above our core capital guidance, so that’s 16% to 17% – around 17% next year excludes PTC. If you look at PTC in itself, we are spending about $300 million this year and by the end of this year we will spend about $1.2 billion. We’ve said that cost is approximately $1.7 billion in total at least. And we will probably spend somewhere in the neighborhood of the same amount we’re spending this year next year, and then it will start coming down after that.
