Michael Ward: Well, thank you, Frank. In the year where the industry faced sustained low commodity prices and a strong U.S. dollar that had broad based market impacts, CSX lost another $470 million in coal revenue and experienced declines in nearly every other market. Faced with these challenging business conditions, the company generated strong financial results driven by decisive actions to produce an all-time record of nearly $430 million of efficiency gains. Our performance underscores this teams' ability to rapidly adapt to changing economic conditions and the restructuring of the energy markets. Looking forward, the CSX of Tomorrow strategy drives growth in the more service sensitive merchandise and intermodal businesses. We will achieve this by emphasizing reliable and cost-effective service, realigning our far-reaching network, and deploying additional technology solutions to further improve safety, efficiency, and service. In addition, the more favorable economic conditions overall, and the prospects for more balanced regulation, coupled with the quality of our network, our team, and our strategy, lead us to expect full-year earnings per share growth in 2017 despite the overhang of the strong dollar and low global commodity prices. Longer-term as we continue the company's transformation we remain committed to achieving a mid-60s operating ratio. And with that, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Michael Ward: Yes, what its mostly dimensional Ken, obviously it's building at the intermodal network as Frank's discussed earlier. It's also looking at our network, we've done some of this, where we deemphasize some of the investment in the less dense lines and we're putting investments in sidings to allow us to run longer trains to some of those key corridors, our primary corridors. But in addition, we're really working on involving more technology deployment to automate things to make them more safe and so it's really reforming to looking at the opportunities we have are really in the intermodal and the merchandise and we're reshaping the network with that strategic capital to allow us to capitalize on that, so increasing the train length and service reliability on the primary routes, deemphasizing some of the local, but still keeping it safe and high service and investing in intermodal and technology.
Michael Ward: So Brandon yes we still are targeting the mid-60s operating ratio longer-term and you're quite right. We've had that out there for a number of years and we've lost about $2 billion worth of some of our most profitable business during that process. So obviously that delays us giving there is quickly. I mean we love to have that $2 billion back and will be easily in the mid-60s, but that's not reality anymore. So we're going to continue to march, we are not going to predict what the operating ratio will be for 2017, as Frank alluded to, we will continue to keep you posted as the year goes on but we are not going to make a prediction on OR for this year.
Michael Ward: No, we're going to continue to pursue cost reductions. I mean, while we did this year, I think was extraordinary but Cindy and her team and the G&A groups are not going to be relentless in taking cost out. We're certainly going to get at least $150 million this year, obviously we'll strive for more, but as we think about going to that mid-50s operating ratio is going to be a combination of efficiency, volume, and pricing to the value we create for our customers, all three of those levers going to be deployed to achieve that goal.
Michael Ward: They have there is two years ago. I think what we did is we changed, we used to have a major driver of our long-term -- let me go backwards, our short-term incentive compensation is based on operating income as well as that's about 60% of the bonus opportunity with a minimum amount and then 40% is based on safety, service, and strategic type initiatives. On the long-term incentive plan we for many years, we're strictly operating ratio we now are on the performance piece of blend of operating ratio and return on assets because they thought we really need to focus more on deploying the assets in an appropriate manner that's one of the reasons, besides the change in the marketplace that you're seeing more of our capital going towards strategic initiatives is to increase that overall return on assets. So they're trying to incent us to make sure that where we're really focused on getting a great return on the investments we make. Obviously, we've always have got some amount of our investments, with capital investments we make or to keep the railroad in good shape, keep it safe and keep it running well. That's going to be 50% or more over time but more and more we're going to push towards strategic investments.
Michael Ward: That's correct, yes. One of things when you think about long-term incentive programs Bascome, if you change them too much too often, the employees lose the focus of what is important. So I think the board wanted to keep some continuity and that the return on assets is still an appropriate focus as well as OR.
Michael Ward: Well clearly as you look out technology is evolving David, there is going to be autonomous vehicles out there. There is no question, the only question is when and how much they will be deployed. And if you think about us putting the Positive Train Control system in place, which we will have in place as required by law. One does have to question why there needs to be two people on the crew when you have that kind of safety overlay in there. So over time, I think that will be an issue. I don't think it's in the near-term, but longer-term, that's certainly something we're going to have to address.
Michael Ward: And Donald we don't dramatically disagree with your theory, if you look back to the recession of 2008 and 2009, we kept our capital spend up during that period for the very reason as you have noted which is not defer maintenance, it is continue to maintain and be ready for upswings. So I think theoretically you have a valid point there.
Michael Ward: We have had a very consistent capital program especially during downturns, which is a change in the past many times when there is a downturn, you would cut back on your capital, we don't think that's the right thing to do. We think maintaining a pace, both in good times and bad times allows us to better utilize deploy the capital or see we are changing some of our orientation towards more strategic now to try to improve the return on assets. But theoretically we try to keep a fairly constant 16% to 17% of our revenues as a measure.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. This is Fredrik. I would say that if we look at our merchandise business, we feel pretty good now across the board in terms of being able to produce growth across essentially all of those markets, and as I said in line with overall -- overall economy. We've seen the economy obviously go through a pretty tough time here on the industrial side in 2016. But as we move into 2017, I think we see a little bit, obviously each year comes, but also little bit momentum here. And so we feel good about what we're seeing on the merchandise side. On the -- in the national side on the intermodal side, we are done cycling some of the losses that impacted us in 2016 and that will be helpful. And then on the domestic side, we continue to see the vibrancy that we've seen over the last decade or so being able to grow that market well above whatever the economy produces. So if you add those pieces up, I do think on the merchandise intermodal side that we will be able to grow in line with whatever the economy is going to produce and hopefully it will get little bit of the tailwind that we're feeling right now to continue, may be even little bit better than that. But we'll see where we end up and we'll keep you informed throughout the year.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. Sure Tom. First of all, we really don't forecast price. Now I think you know that since 2012 when we saw the peak of the market has been coming down, we've been pretty public about the fact that we've both obviously want to continue to optimize the bottom-line for us, but also strategically do what we can in partnership with the producers to stay keeping investors in a very difficult time, which we're obviously going through. Now clearly the market has come back here a lot faster than a lot of people had thought and certainly we expect the same sort of partnership on the way up as we saw on the way down, there are other factors that come into play than just index themselves. There is a spread between different types of quality of coal. There is also the fact that there is, well the benchmark has going up significantly in first quarter. The spot market is a very different place. So there's a variety of things that comes into play but overall that partnership that I think we've established over the last few years, we certainly expect it to go both ways.
Fredrik Eliasson: I don't -- we don't forecast price but I think we've given you the philosophy of how to look at things. I think that pretty much all the visibility, we will -- we can give you.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes and similarly what Cindy says in terms of never done, I think we have never done trying to grow the bottom-line whether that's through price, volume or helping Cindy drive productivity gains. I do think that as you look forward the next couple of years and hopefully you are right that we will have a more stable environment especially if we refer to coal, but I do think also that the growth opportunities that we're seeing a lot of that is in domestic intermodal and it's going to have the higher rate or higher volume growth than you would see in some of the other markets. So you will have a continued mix impact on the top-line but it doesn't always transit is bad thing from a bottom-line perspective because a lot of that growth is going to come into fixed and fixed network where we do have a fair amount of opportunities also to drive train length, we have double-stack clearance and we just obviously we didn't have in the tunnel, a fair amount of automation products as well. So well there is a revenue negative mix, so to speak, it doesn't necessarily mean that is a negative mix from a bottom-line.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. So I will just remind again, we really don't forecast pricing, it obviously has been a tough period, an extended period now from a pricing perspective and lot of excess capacity out there and our challenge to our team is of course to sell through this trough, make sure we sell the improved service product that we have, the unparalled network access that we have and provide innovative solutions to our customers and I think the fact that we, we've been able to do as well as we have I think is a good testament to both the fact that, it isn't value driver of ours and it is also a good testament to the fact that we really do need to make sure to continue to value price to be able to reinvest in the business the way we want to. And so it has been a sequential downtick. We'll see when it when it turns, I think there's a lot of good things going on as the economy picks up. I think is good thing if we continue to low unemployment that put pressure on the wages. We know that. We see the deal demand is coming into play here as we get into the second half of 2017. So I think things are lining up for better pricing environment as move through the second half of 2017 but it might not fully be where we want to be until we get to 2018.
Fredrik Eliasson: I said we don't -- we don't forecast price, we expect strong pricing. All our customers have options and we're going to make sure we price to market. But I think our result speaks to itself in terms of trying to find that interplay between where the customer feels we provide a great service product. And at the same time allows us to reinvest in the business.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I mean, I think our -- what we've done on the coal side just to reiterate some of the things that Frank said, our view is that as we think about coal for the first quarter we said 15 to 16 million tons for coal on the domestic side. And on the export side about similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter about 8 million tons. And for the full year, we said we will essentially be flat if it wasn't for the competitive loss, so and that is about as stable rate throughout the 2017 year.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, it was a competitive loss that we believe we lost another railroad; it was relatively short haul, a very short haul business. So I think the tonnage is a little bit more severe than potential the bottom-line impact on it. And that happens. There is business changing hands between us and other railroads on a continuous basis and this one is a little bigger than normal, which is why we highlighted it.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, I think the point-to-point price is something structurally that we need to do to make sure that it was more in line with the work that was being done up there and it was -- it was -- it was time to change the way -- the way from kind of these rate district that we had before and it really doesn't impact I think in anyway should perform the amount of volume that we're going to be moving here in 2017. And I think we also have a lot of contracts that are out there but we haven't been able to implemented in yet but over time we will try to get into all of our -- all of our business --
Fredrik Eliasson: We have it in the tariffs but we haven't been able to touch in all in contracts yet so. It's something that we are doing to the network and through to make sure that is more reflective of the marketplace and the work that is actually being done out there.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well this is Fredrik. I say that again we don't forecast price and clearly this is a combination of both our same-store sales number and the mix of the business for that given quarter. And so we'll give you transparency at the end in terms of how much was price and how much was mix and so that's, I think that's all the sort of insight we can provide you.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes we try to stay away from pinpointing exactly rail inflation because first of all rail has been very low over the last couple of years. So clearly, we like to be above that. We think long-term; we have a lot of inflationary pressures that doesn't seem to be working out consistent with what the rail inflation numbers is. We have set 3%, 3.5% is what our rail inflation has been and probably will continue to be depending on what happens with the labor negotiations but hopefully will be lower as we move forward. But overall, I think the key thing for us is to make sure that we continue to deliver excellent service to our customers, provide innovative solutions, and find a sweet spot where we can also reinvest in the business. And I think you know that pricing is a key value driver for us and it will continue to be as we move forward and where that's going to fall out is depending on where the economy is, where the capacity utilization is we will get, we have to price the market and the market changes from time to time. And as you can see our pricing and if the market tightens that give us an opportunity to capitalize on that as we move forward.
Fredrik Eliasson: We obviously follow very closely what is going on right now in the steamship line business, it is -- it is a very difficult time the lot of realignment. We do have our customers that we are aligned to very fortunate that most of them are very strong. But we will see how this plays out there is additional rumors out there, but it's variety of different potential transactions and as they fold out -- as they're developing we will have a better sense of what the impact is on CSX.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think it's something obviously will have to be negotiated with our Unions that will be a challenge -- challenging negotiation. But I think if you look inevitably as the competition dictates the need to do that and there is a safety overlay called PTC in place, we have to make sure that the public is protected. I think it's inevitable; it is just a question of when.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure Jeff. There's a couple of different questions in your question but let me see if I can address most of them. So as we -- I've seen here over the last couple of months, the summer months were very hard and allowed for a beginning of drawdown of some very high inventory levels. And as we look at them right now, they are down significantly year-over-year probably slightly above target both in the North and in the South but have made significant progress over the last few months. So that is helpful. In terms of natural gas prices, you're right we're seeing significantly higher than what we saw last year. So that's a good thing. We, I think we've said publicly many times that we need about 350 or so for the first half of our portfolio to be in the money that that is being sourced from Illinois Basin and Western Sources and so we're getting, we are pretty close to that and utilities are making rational economic decision on a daily basis in terms of which utilities they are going to dispatch and we're seeing the impact of that year-over-year. We got off to pretty cold winter in December, it has moderated here the first few weeks in January, but based on the preliminary numbers that we have seen so far this year, we are being dispatched little bit higher than we were last year which I think is a reflection of the natural gas prices. So we do feel much, much better than what we felt going into previous years about our coal businesses, as Michael alluded to close to $2 billion of revenue loss over five-year period. We do think our domestic business; with the exception of the short-haul loss will be pretty close to flat. Clearly that can change as we go throughout the year, if we have a mild summer that could change to the downside and if we have a hot summer that can certainly change to the upside, which is also one of the reasons why as we think about the second half of the year. So it's too early right now to give you too much more guidance that we provided. But we are just trying to give you the best guess based on normalized summer. And then on the export side, we are, I have seen an incredible uptick here over the last six months, the forward curve is pretty clear that indicates that things will come back down as we move through the second quarter and into the second half and the spot market has already reflected that versus the very high benchmark that we saw. But there is no doubt that the coal business is in a much different place as we enter into 2017 than it has been the previous couple of years.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes I think that as you said the short-haul business will obviously help RPU as we go in to 2017. The fact that we don't have that anymore. We did have some pretty significant uptick in the yield there in the fourth quarter. Part of that is the fact that there was some sourcing changes that actually added to the length of haul and also the fact that some of the utilities started to rebuild inventories a little bit more aggressively than they've done before. While on average, they're above there are certain utilities that needed additional coal and that helps the yields as well. And then on the export coal side, clearly as we've said when the benchmark is high, that helps our RPU but as we go through the year it is not impossible that that help will go the other way and will actually RPU as we move through the year. But that really depends on where the benchmark ultimately ends up.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. So the good markets to begin with that piece which isn't our chemical business, we have seen a nice run up and now a nice run down and we are at the point now, we are running into fourth quarter less than a train a day of crude-by-rail. So it's going down significantly and as we it's hard to predict what is going to be in 2017 but it's also very difficult to see that it's actually going to move up meaning that if anything I think the bias is towards less crude based on where we see the crude prices and the spreads. If we look at the non-crude piece of our core so to speak, our core chemical business, I think we continue to see that industry doing very well based on the feedstock advantage that they have versus the rest of the world. So lot of investments have been made over the last couple of years and from our perspective we expect slow modest growth in that space as we move through 2017 and may be 1% or 2% I think is the official forecast. And then the other piece that we of course have is the input side to the energy side, the frac span and LPG and that also depends a little bit on where natural gas prices will be, if they stay strong that usually leads to additional input, if they go down that also could put pressure on that. But as we said right now we seem to be in a little different place than we would be in the last couple of years.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. Essentially because of the volatility in the marketplace over the last couple of years, everything is spot. There is a few pieces of business that is on more than a quarterly basis, so it could be up to annual basis but essentially all of it is quarterly. So when we give you that guidance it's best in our best case based on what the customers are telling us and the visibility that they have and we obviously triangulate that with some other sources. In terms of the split traditionally it has been around 70:30 in favor of met over the last couple of years to fourth quarter, we did have some opportunities to move some thermal into Europe because of nuclear shutdowns in France specifically that was very helpful. We'll see how much vibrancy we haven't in 2017 but the split came to 60:40 in the fourth quarter and as we but as a the best prediction right now, I would probably say it's close to that 70:30 as we think about 2017.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure, let me just tell you on an average, we probably have about a third of our book of business that we can touch. If you think about auto intermodal to generally three to five years coal and exports are obviously, we set a spot but the utility side, two to four years something like that. And then on the merchandise business probably little bit over half and annual and the rest are two to three year contracts, generally. So that gives you about a third of the business that you can touch each and every year. The significant portion of that is either coming up at the beginning of the year or the mid part of the year and with the majority of that coming in the beginning of the year or I guess the end of the year technically. And so we've done a fair amount of that third already. And as I said I'm not going to get into specific details on it, but we're going to continue to price to the market and we alluded to before, we think that the truck market will get into better place as we move through the year for the right of fact, if you mentioned earlier driver wages should have a pretty significant pressure on it. We do think that the ELD mandate will have an impact as we get through the second half and we also think the economy is going to grow new construction or new build of trucks is down, I think about 35% to 40% year-over-year. So that is also helpful in terms of the fleet itself and then so absolutely throughout the year we hope that after having been a little bit of tougher period here for the last 18 months or so, that will get to better place.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes so, I would say that in the fourth quarter, we did see the spot market tighten a little bit, certainly not where it needs to be, but we did see a little bit of a reversal there from the previous few quarters and that's an encouraging sign. I don't think that you're going to get to a significantly better place until you get into that second half of 2017 and probably into 2018. Now having said that, we've been able to grow our domestic intermodal business for over a decade about 7% clip each and every year. Last year was a little bit lower than that, partly because of the market, but also because of the competitive loss. As we think about 2017, I think we're comfortable to say that we're going to return to that kind of 5% to 10% domestic intermodal growth despite the fact that the environment is a little bit more challenged and we would like to see long-term and I think as a testament to the investments we made, the service improvements that Cindy and team has done new terminals opening up continue to work with alignment with some of our channel partners, and so we feel pretty good about where domestic intermodal businesses going into 2017 as well.
Frank Lonegro: Hi Christian, it's Frank. We should be able to make good progress there. The challenge that we're going to have obviously is when you look at the numbers that we have on a reported basis there are things in there obviously that need to be pulled out in order for us to really look on a comparable basis. So you saw a two year run sub-70% but each of those years had something in there that helped on the operating ratio side. So we're doing everything we can on the operating ratio certainly on the cost side, you're going to hear from Cindy that she'll do everything she can to pull productivity, Fredrik is going to continue to rely on that improved service product to drive pricing from the top-line side, you see an improving volume environment. And so with less coal declines that certainly sets us up for a positive 2017. How much progress we make obviously we will give you some transparency as we get through the first quarter and get it before we know how long coal is going to help us.
Frank Lonegro: Well, we haven't really given any OR guidance, it certainly isn't lost on us but we'd like to go three years in a row with it and get it on a -- I'd say a more core basis obviously there has been help for last two years and so it's certainly something that we have our eyes set on.
Frank Lonegro: Sure. I think to answer the last part of your question around sustained investment in the strategic at roughly the percentage that you're seeing in 2017, over the next planning horizon, I think the answer to that is yes, that is very much aligned with our CSX of Tomorrow strategy. As part of that there is certainly investments in intermodal facilities you've already heard us talk about Pittsburgh that we'll complete about halfway through this year and then you've also heard us talk about the Central Carolina Connector the big hub that we're going outside of Rocky Mount to serve the Mid Atlantic and the Southeast. So you'll see us continue to invest in facilities like that to expand the terminal footprint and be able to expand the existing terminal footprint to be able to handle the increase in domestic business -- that domestic intermodal business that we believe is a big part of the growth story for us longer-term.
Frank Lonegro: So the other things I ought to add in there, Danny, is when you think about what's in the CSX of Tomorrow investments that you're seeing in that increase to say 25-ish-percent of the portfolio is also all of the network investments and the technology investments that we're looking to make to support, train length and fluidity and long-term growth as well as efficiency and better service for our customers.
Frank Lonegro: I think Cindy and I will tag team this one. I think what you'll find is that generally speaking; the productivity will follow the relative allocation in our cost bucket. So probably more so on the labor side, which is roughly 50-ish-percent of our cost base and then fuel and MS&O will be important, but lesser parts of that and then really it's across the board approach on cost it's certainly, given the size of the operating cost that we have, it's a lot of that falls on Cindy's shoulders but the G&A side also pulls its way to an offsetting inflation every year as well, Cindy.
Frank Lonegro: Let me hit the incremental piece and then Fredrik will hit the volume piece. Clearly when business comes back in the scheduled network, whether that's intermodal or we call classed merchandise traffic that set up well given all the productivity efforts that Cindy and her team have done as well as the pricing efforts that Fredrik and his team have done. So what you're seeing is a good setup for incremental margins in those growth areas, when things come back in more the both network things that move in unit train quantities and we're going to add cost in order to handle that business.
Frank Lonegro: I think you're normalizing the fourth quarter in the way that we are as well when we are answering your question about incremental margins in the fourth quarter. Obviously you didn't see the flow-through that you would otherwise have looked for but I think there are some discrete parts in there that once you back those out then you're in the right neighborhood.
Frank Lonegro: Sure. So in the tax proposals, obviously there are going to be moving parts in terms of what is the ultimate rate that applies to corporations as well as how bonus depreciation is going to be handled as well as the expensing of interest. So if you just go all of that through the model and think through what is that imply from a cash flow perspective, it's certainly positive from a free cash flow perspective, we would have to revalue the deferred tax liabilities. But that would be sort of more of a one-time hit as we reset the EPS number based on that that revaluation. In terms of use of cash obviously, we would continue to apply a balanced approach to capital deployment. We would look hard at capital investments that might be able to; to be pulled forward and certainly we would look at the shareholder return aspects of dividends and buybacks as well.
Frank Lonegro: Ravi on your inflation question I think in the prepared remarks, you heard the $35 million inflation on labor and fringe and there are some pretty key industry drivers as part of that, it's not really on the wage side of things, it's on health and welfare side so medical inflation obviously there's always going to be a little bit, little bit higher than we would like. And then when you think about how we fund the Union side healthcare through an industry trust, we had a surplus in the trust or a couple of years and with all of the headcount reductions that the industry has made with that surplus has been a really evaporated. And as you also know as furloughed employees go off of the payroll that you get four month of incremental health and welfare coverage that again has the hit to the trust and then fewer employees across the industry, which means you can spread the catastrophic losses over as many people. So I'd say those are the big drivers on that one, if you were looking for inflation on MS&O and rent I think I would give you, just your sequential run rate from Q4. If you have those in your model for the first quarter and probably throughout the year, you'd be pretty close. And then I think we've given you some guidance on interest and depreciation as well so that’s probably the full wrap on that one.
Frank Lonegro: Let me take high level and then Cindy will talk about the furloughed employees. When you look at us on a year-over-year basis, you really have to remember that we lost nearly $470 million of coal revenue. So that was a huge impact both from a top-line and the bottom-line perspective. And you look at what we did both on the pricing side and the record productivity that we gain, that's the big story that you see in 2016 on a year-over-year basis. The furlough count is really something that Cindy keeps an eye on as we look at headcount which was down on a sequential basis and down I think about 3,000 on the year-over-year basis, Q4 against Q4. We're going to continue to look at that. We guided to headcount being down slightly sequentially as you think about the first quarter but that's some that Cindy is clearly focused on and making sure we have both enough resources to handle the expected demand but also that we're doing on efficient basis.
Frank Lonegro: Bascome it's Frank. I think one of the things you'll see within the annual cycle that Michael talked about where we do have a portion of the incentive opportunity against strategic goals, you will see us making sure that the things we're doing it in a given year to execute on that strategy will be part of the things that we're incented to accomplish.
Frank Lonegro: Bascome thanks. Good question. Yes, you did see us take incentive comp up in the fourth quarter which is one of the misses, I think that several folks had when you look at it on an annual basis, it resets. I think if you're looking for tailwind, if we hit plan in 2017, it's going to be much more back-end loaded than impact in the first half.
Frank Lonegro: Well let me Fredrik and I will tag team this one. But I think what you're seeing is in the first quarter as you look at the guidance that we have out there for coal, you're seeing two things happen, you're seeing the impact on the domestic side of the competitive loss but you're seeing sequential stability and therefore year-over-year increase in the export coal. So you got to take that into the mix equation. And then in terms of the other growth that we mentioned in terms of merchandise intermodal growing in line with the economy, we should see nice incremental margins associated with that. So I don't know that I see any specific mix change that you're mentioning there as we about the first quarter.
Frank Lonegro: What we try to do was to give you a blended view Scott in the way that we talked about low-to-mid-teens on EPS growth. And obviously that's going to be a combination of things. It's going to be the top-line, it's going to be the expense line, it's going to be a couple of things below line is going to be share count and when you blend all of those things together, you can get to the numbers that we're talking about.
Frank Lonegro: Yes so when we calculate the percentage of revenue and we give you that guidance, we do what we call it core basis. In other words the PTC expense or the PTC CapEx is an overlay because at some point in time it's going to go way and it's really going to be just part of the -- the replacement cycle that we have on our assets. In terms of the year-over-year, you're right there was about $600 million in the $2.7 billion for 2016 which was locomotive specific, some of that was deferred from 2015 and some of that was foregoing with seller financing to push it into 2017. So you do have that impact. And I think the biggest driver that you have there is really looking at the inflection of the strategic investment towards the CSX of Tomorrow and that's where you're seeing in on a categorical basis anyway the increase we are being very judicious in terms of how we're investing in the infrastructure. We're looking very hard at equipment and obviously the longer we can go without buying new locomotives based on all the work you have been doing and all the locomotives that we have taken delivery up in the last couple of years should help us down that path. But you are going to see us on a sustained basis through this planning cycle, make sure that we are transforming this company and transforming the network into what we need long-term.
Frank Lonegro: Jason one other piece of color, I will give you on that, it's Frank is within the guidance that we gave you on headcount, so for example, down slightly on a sequential basis, you would actually if you look at the details, see some uptick in technology hiring as we do things necessary to support highly automated railroad down the road.
Frank Lonegro: I think it's simply the costs that we have, when you look at the quarterly EPS from 2016 and you think about how that would normally adjust throughout the year. That's really what we said. But obviously we're going to give you; we gave you good guidance on Q1. And as we did throughout 2016 given the dynamic environment that we're in, we are going to keep you updated and obviously if we can update those numbers for you as we get through the quarter we will do that.
Frank Lonegro: And David from a model parity think about sort of policy perspective here and you think about the dollars that are being provided into the autonomous vehicle space whether it's governmental or private investment, I mean we're looking for that same concept to prevail as Washington re-looks at policy decisions going forward.
Frank Lonegro: In our context it's not applicable, given the way that our industry, industry trust is set up to handle health and welfare claims from the Union employees.
Frank Lonegro: We always have real estate owned market. Nothing that would compare to the last two years, one was an operating property gain this year and non-operating property gain last year. We try to provide visibility to the bigger ones. There is always going to be a little bit here there that we have on the market and happens. But we will certainly keep you posted, if we have anything big.
Frank Lonegro: Well let me try to tackle the question in a couple of different ways. In terms of the CapEx that's deployed in any given year, the amount of work associated with that CapEx can change depending on how much volume is on the railroad. When you look at 2015 and 2016, we got a lot of work done for the money that we had especially on the infrastructure side. In addition to the volume levels, all the work that we did on train length and reducing the number of active trains that we had out there gives our engineering forces the ability to get more work done. We saw some good work by procurement department and really looking at how they can leverage lower cost environment that drives CapEx savings on the materials which again allows us to get more work done. So beneath the coverage there, there actually is a recipe that is really aligned with what you're talking about. On the equipment side of the house, it really is going to depend on what types of traffic we have, what are our storage levels on equipment and both on the locomotive side and the freight car side. But what you're seeing us do is really strategically invest to transform the company and the network and the service products much more aligned with revenue portfolio that we expect in the future, which is very different than the revenue portfolio we've had for the last 10 years.
Cindy Sanborn: Sure. This is Cindy. So in terms of labor savings as you referenced at the fourth quarter specifically, we did see some benefit in volume that we did not have to add headcount back one for one and we expect to see that type of impact volume increasing environment. So what we have seen the past six quarters or so, is volume going down and product and we take -- we right sized a number of expenses specifically with headcount as one of them to reduce our expense. But we've also taken out expense and headcount through structural changes that we've -- that you've heard us talk about as well. So you think about the structural changes going forward, you reference the sighting capacity and as you talked about that in the past we have to make some investments to continue to drive train length and that is true. We expect to invest in 2017 and 2018 to drive that; we should see some benefits of that in 2018 that you'll actually see in headcount from structural change on train length now. Having said that, we're always looking for opportunities to improve our expense control whether it's headcount, whether it's fuel, and other areas and we'll continue to do that and certainly with in mind of protecting service for our customers at the same time.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes, I would say, Frank summed it up, if there is no one area specifically that you're going to see outsized productivity, it's going to be across the board.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes on a furlough employee's piece, we got about 1,950 people furloughed right now and it's really location by location and still needing to recall, we do recall for attrition, we do seeing normal attrition. We are going to be training some locomotive engineers because that's where we see the most attrition this year. But we will pull people back as we need to and if we end up getting to a place where we don't have furloughed at a specific location, we will try to move people that are furloughed to other locations and then as necessary we will have to hire to tech service. But we look at this closely and it's really hard to be very general about what we recall because some of attrition and then we furloughed some other areas at the same time. So it's we keep a very close tabs on it and we also do so to keep our employees informed too. We want to know when they're going to return back to work.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes I think when we Fredrik talked about it little bit, when we see volumes coming back in our scheduled network, we have opportunities to add additional cars to trains without adding additional locomotives or people associated with that on a unit train basis, if it were to come back there we may see a little bit more that we need to pull back. But we look at it based on how we see volumes come, where we see volume coming and in what form and then appropriately handle it.
Cindy Sanborn: Brian this is Cindy. We are always looking. I think as we think about transforming our network and network of tomorrow that's something we look at, but to further good point we are going to make sure we serve the customers that are able to load, so efficiently and effectively and where we can make further reductions we will, we think coal, over time, we'll continue to shift and close working relationship between Fredrik and I will be there with structural changes that are appropriate for the time.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes, Scott. I think where we are -- I think we are stable, when you look at network performance and when we break it down into our customer see it in the customer facing view our service sensitive business, intermodal automotive is running extremely well. First Mile Last Mile service is also running extremely well. So Fredrik and I are very, very comfortable with where we have service and there is always room to improve, don't get me wrong. And as you look across some of the different measurements there are opportunities there. I don't see resource adds as a lever that needs to be pulled relative to the measurements, you're looking at. I mean you can get into velocity and it's kind of a mix issue when you think about the growth we have seen in the fourth quarter in colo and grains. Those are little bit slower speed services than the other. So there's a little bit of mix there but we keep our eye on it. We make sure we're looking at payable days per load and other measures that we're still being very efficient and when we need to bring back resources we absolutely will.
Cindy Sanborn: I think this is a great question and when we think about some of the structural changes that we've made in train length and in the investments that we're making in sidings on the route from Chicago to Jacksonville allow us to further enhance those efficiencies and reduced headcount. Another big piece of it the CSX of Tomorrow with the highly automated railroad components around technology deployment. And when I think about that, there are several ways to break that down into predictive analytics which makes us more reliable and more efficient with repairs that we need to make. Automated inspections even machine vision we have some of that deployed in our intermodal business now and looking in some other areas where we can deploy that. And then also when I think about mobility and being able to interact in a more for employees interact globally as opposed to having be to fixed location as well as our customers being able to benefit from mobility technology. So those investments as we make them and they come in, we should see additional reductions in headcount while still maintaining safety and service to our customers.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes I think there as we were coming into fourth quarter, we actually were able to enjoy some volume that we did not have to replace one for one on in terms of any resources, we did actually pull out some locomotives out of storage in the fourth quarter but the volume helped us be able to continue to perform with productivity.
Cindy Sanborn: It will be fairly ratable across the whole quarters, it won't be any one, any one quarter or any one area or time that you will see higher.
Cindy Sanborn: I think, Walter I think when we look at these investments and particularly the one around longer sidings for longer trains. It's going to be 2018 before we really see that. So that is the long route that we need to re-sequence how we operate it based on longer trains in either sighting extensions or actual additional sightings. So that's a pretty good one that we see upcoming. On the technology side, there's investments we're making now for this year that we'll see the benefits that are already in our plan are part of our -- our initiatives that we -- that we have in 2017. And of course we're building a longer and more broader sheet of longer-term benefits that we have to build core infrastructure processes within the technology space to then build on and layer on additional opportunity. So and it is across the board, both from a customer facing piece as well the productivity piece and I cannot underemphasize overemphasize safety and not this is all helping us to be a safer railroad. So that's probably that the best color I can give you, Walter.
Cindy Sanborn: I think it's a mix when I look at, for example in fuel, when I look at fuel management technology which is supplier driven, it certainly open to the rest of the industry. We've implemented that and are continuing to see benefits from that. And then there's other technology that will be in-house that are part of our own core systems that will help us be more efficient, that will be more CSX centric so difficult to put a split on that , but it is -- it is a mix.
Cindy Sanborn: Walter if I say when you think about on a carload basis and our scheduled network, we have plenty of room to grow, particularly between Chicago in the northeast in the Northeast and Florida. A little bit of a cha -- more challenge because of the siding impacts or siding constraints between Chicago and Florida although I will tell you that our variable training schedule concept when we built the longer -- larger train by running changing from a 24-hour dispatch to a 28-hour dispatch. We can now go back to 24-hour dispatch and at a train a week as opposed to a train a day as we run against additional volume. So there are great levers on that side that we can pull, no matter what route we would use. On the unit train side, there would be more that we would have to bring on to support the unit train growth but those are very favorable margins that we would -- that you would want us to do and so it's a bit of a mix based on how traffic comes on. But I feel really comfortable with looking out into 2017 and thinking about volume growth again that we will be able to be very, very efficient with our resource intensity to support volume.
