Fredrik Eliasson: In terms of the pricing for the quarter, as you saw, our ex-coal pricing actually improved from the third quarter; went from 4.4% in the third quarter to 4.5% here in the fourth quarter. All-in went down and that really is the reflection of what we did in the export coal market here as we’re now in a position to actually have some surplus asset, again as we get the network running a lot better and very strong service performance, we do have some excess locomotives. We’ve seen the export market deteriorate and as a result of that we felt this is time when we went back and revisited what we could do to optimize our bottom line. And this is one market where we actually don’t have fuel surcharge in. And as a result, the fuel prices have declined throughout the year. We did feel that it was still an opportunity to do a little bit more there and still make money on it. So, what you’re seeing in the pricing side in the all-in is really a reflection of what we do in export coal market. The core pricing actually sequentially improved quarter-over-quarter.
Fredrik Eliasson: And then Ken, in this one very broad question that you asked, I’ll come back to the international losses that we referred to. We’ve had several now over a period of time with us throughout 2016 and as we think about where we are, we’re growing with our existing customers very well but there has been some customers that we’ve lost. And clearly from our perspective, we feel that we have a very strong service product right now. We have what we think is a superior network reach. So, the only thing we can assume is that there are factors outside of our control that has allowed us to lose that traffic.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, I mean obviously we don’t foresee natural gas rebounding significant than from where it is today. And as a result most likely for the rest of the year, we expect our coal plants that we serve to be dispatched last. We are seeing obviously excess stockpiles right now. If we look at where we are, we are probably in the 110s or so in terms of the south and more in the 80 range in the northern part of our network; we should probably be in the 55 to 70 range. So, as we think about that 19 million of domestic coal, it really breaks down into two components, one is the utility coal which is about 14 million tons and steel industrial about 5 million tons to make up the 19. We did about [13.6 here] [ph] in the fourth quarter. And so we’re essentially saying we will continue that run rate. And we expect some destocking to occur over the year but how much really will be dependent on the weather since we now -- dispatch last were essentially peakers, so we’re very much weather dependent. If you have favorable weather conditions from a railroad perspective or utility perspective, then you can see a more significant destocking. If you have continued sort of weather pattern we saw in the fourth quarter where heating degree days were actually off by about 25% to 30% of normal, then that will be much more challenging. But hopefully we won’t see that and we will see some destocking occur within the guidance that we provided. 
Fredrik Eliasson: No, I think that all the switching that can occur already occurred back in March or April of last year. What we have seen is in some instances we are seeing some of the coal burners actually now burning some natural gas in conjunction to coal firing it with natural gas that has to have a little bit of an incremental additional negative impact on us. But all the switching that can occur has already occurred. And we are being dispatched last or the utility that we serve are being dispatched last.
Fredrik Eliasson: Let me just take the pricing question because that’s probably the simplest one. We don’t forecast pricing we’re going to provide you each and every quarter where we come out. The key thing is that you should know that we always focus on pricing and make sure that we get the appropriate value, so we continue to reinvest in our business. As we think about our pricing right now, we have an incredibly strong service product; it’s improved significantly over the last six months as we now have the resources in place. There is a lot of contracts that we still haven’t been able to touch since really the step function change that occurred in early 2014. The contract side on the trucking side, it’s still holding up, even the spot market is very soft. And the key thing for our team is to continue to sell through this down cycle and make sure we provide value to our customers by selling a longer term commitment in terms of making sure they have access to our network. And so that we work through this down cycle right now and sell for the long-term.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sequentially fourth quarter to first quarter is a very different story obviously with the peak that we’re seeing in the fourth quarter, especially around some of our partial business and so forth. So, I think that’s more of a normal thing. If you think about our intermodal business, there is two components to it. We’ve talked about the international side where we have had some competitive losses and you can continue to see that throughout ‘16. However, on the domestic side, we are having good continued success with our H2R initiative, and we’re also seeing some additional outsized growth here over the last probably six months and will probably continue in the first half of next year. But we have one domestic customer that is continuing to shift additional traffic to us which is really a decision that they had made, it’s nothing that we have done to incentivize that. They seem to have wanted to diversify their portfolio. And as a result, we think the domestic business will continue to be strong, at least for the first half of the year and probably beyond that we still think there is opportunity to grow even if that shift subsides.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, so, we will have one account that we’re just really kicking and having lost here in the first quarter, so you will see it to hold through all of ‘16.
Fredrik Eliasson: I do think that we are seeing holding up okay; it’s clearly gotten softer throughout the year on the contract side. And intermodal side, it’s where we do see most of that direct pressure. Now you know that still we have probably 10% to 15% gap between what the truck prices are and what our prices are. And one of the key things in intermodal space is the strong service product. And as we think about our service product here this year entering into ‘16, it is clear that it’s very different than it was a year ago and that is also going to be very helpful as we approach contract season and we put new contracts in place.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think we’ve tried to stay away from forecast pricing but directionally you’re right. Obviously the longer this softness is there, the harder it’s going to be to maintain the key challenge for our team is to make sure that our customers are aware that while there’s a softness here right now in ‘16 I think all of us still know that the macro drivers that we talked about for a long time are still prevalent. If we think about some of the productivity challenges that the trucking industry will face is we get to ‘17 with the electronic logs, as unemployment continues to come down, it’s going to be harder to retain the drivers without outsized increases in driver pay. So, we are facing softness; I think also though our customers are acknowledging that that is probably temporary, as some of these macro factors will come back into play.
Fredrik Eliasson: No. I think our philosophy is still there hasn’t changed in terms of making sure that we do value price in the -- the value provide to our customers and being able to continue to reinvest in our business. At the end of the day, it goes back to what is the second best option for our customers from a service and a price perspective. As we think through each one of them, we still think that we have an opportunity to continue to make sure we get the pricing that we need to getting to reinvest in our business, which benefits both our shareholders but also our customers as we continue to strengthen our infrastructure. It’s one market where we have consistently said that it makes sense in this commodity downturn to be flexible because we’ve seen’ we’ve got additional demand by doing so. And that’s our export coal market. And we’ve taken some additional action here in the fourth quarter to reflect a very, very difficult and challenging environment for them. But in the rest of the markets, we’ll work with our customers in partnership and try to figure out what the best service product is and at the same time also make sure we get the appropriate price. So, I would say that nothing has changed in terms of the philosophy that you’ve seen here from CSX for more than a decade.
Fredrik Eliasson: So clearly, in mid part of last decade, there was a significant opportunity to a touch legacy pricing and that probably lasted from 2005 to 2011 or so. And then since then, it’s been much more normalized pricing. As natural gas prices now come down as much as they have, there really isn’t much that we can do to incentivize incremental burn. We look at each and every contract when they come up to see if there are opportunities to optimize the bottom line but being more flexible in pricing. And if there is, we will do that. But generally, at these natural gas prices, there isn’t really anything we can do to improve the burn rates with maybe one or two exceptions.
Fredrik Eliasson: Back in 2012 or so, we used to say that our export and utility business was about the same level of contribution and on a margin basis. But since then as we have adjusted export rates significantly down, our utility book of business has a higher margin than the export business. If you look at the overall portfolio of coal versus the rest of the business, I would say that it’s still clearly more profitable because of the fact that it’s such an efficient way for us to move the cargo have a tonnage, just the unit train back and forth is very-very efficient for us to operate that way. And so, it’s still at the high end of our business.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, you’re right. If you go back to the third quarter guidance that we did at the call, we essentially said 21 million tons per quarter of domestic which was 15 of domestic -- of utility and 6 of steel and industrial, and we said then about our export was about 6 million tons a quarter for 24 in total. So, we’ve essentially seen a deterioration in all of those three markets by about 1 million tons a quarter. And it’s really reflection of the fact that natural gas prices and the very mild fourth quarter in the utility side has dampened our expectations. On the steel and industrial side, it’s the reflection of the fact that when we look at the steel industry right now, having utilization of about 60% versus 75% a year ago and we saw it deteriorate throughout the fourth quarter. And on the export market, it’s also just reflection of the fact that underlying commodity indexes are telling us that market has gotten softer as global oversupply continues. So, in terms of where the export market is going, we did about 60-40 split here between met and thermal. They’d probably be a little bit higher next year will be my guess at this point in terms of probably one-third, two-third, two-thirds in favor of met. And traditionally over a half of our business goes to Europe. And I’d say that split is probably going to continue in terms of the end market as well. And so, I think it’s just proportional between markets and I think you’re going to see relatively proportional count in terms of the end markets as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, in the third quarter, they were helpful actually. They were still helpful here in the fourth quarter but not as much because some of this also depends on who you are actually shipping to. And the big driver though in the coal yields was really the fact that we have made these accommodations on the export side and further adjusted our rates downward to reflect the reality of the underlying market and thing trying to optimize our bottom line.
Fredrik Eliasson: So, as we go through this year and cycle some of these headwinds that we’re going to be facing, clearly for the first half of this year and we look at where the macroeconomic indicators are and projection for the U.S. dollar, I think we’ll start seeing things stabilize, normalize and we can start seeing year-over-year growth as we move through hopefully late in 2016 and clearly move into ‘17. Based on what we’re seeing right now, as Frank I think has said many times throughout the call today and Michael as well, the key thing for us right now is the focus on the things that we can hold the most. And then the macro headwinds are going to be whatever they are and the key thing for us is to adjust our infrastructure to reflect the reality of what they provide us.
Fredrik Eliasson: So if you look at the North America light vehicle production, I think we’re earning up about 17.5 here in ‘15 and the projection is for 18.2 next year, so that provides us good growth opportunities; U.S. sales also based on the projections that we’re seeing indicates good growth. The Mexico shift is clear, so the North American light vehicle production numbers are probably skewed a little bit more towards Mexico which we don’t capture as much but we still capture some of that. And sometimes that is actually a length of how it vantage for us, so that is helpful. So overall, if you go back in history over the last 30-40 years, I am sure that you will find our core relation in North America light vehicle production is probably in the very-very high 95%, 98%. So, we follow what producers tell us and then we adjust our fleet and service accordingly. And right now, it looks like we’re going to have another year of growth but not anywhere closer to where it’s been since ‘09 but still nice growth and especially in this environment; we need these sorts of growth opportunities.
Frank Lonegro: Ken, on the EPS, for the year, you’re right, we did guide to EPS being down on a reported basis versus the record $2 a share that we delivered in 2015. We tried to give you guidance in terms of the onetime items that we’re cycling in terms of the liquidated damages in the property sale, the continued transformation in the energy sector. So, we updated the coal guides, both on the domestic side and the export side and then tried to give you some view into the broader economy. And clearly those are on the industrial side being suppressed by the combination of low commodity prices and the strong U.S. dollar. But this Company’s remained relentlessly focused on driving the things that are most within our control, as you saw our performance this year or 2015 I should say in terms of the rightsizing that we did and the efficiency gains that we delivered in 2015 and the projections of 200 million as we get into 2016. We’ve got an improving service product and Fredrick just mentioned the strong pricing for our shareholders. So, it’s likely going to be a unique year for us in 2016 and after that we fully anticipate EPS growth toward that path of mid-60s longer term.
Frank Lonegro: I think on a 2016 basis, obviously as I mentioned, it’s going to be a bit of a unique year, continuing resets in the energy environment. And on the operating ratio question for 2016, obviously, it’s going to be difficult to sustain a sub-70 performance especially giving what we’re cycling and the coal projections that we’ve given you and the uncertainty in the industrial economy. But then again, it’s January the 14th, it’s the middle of the first month of the year. We got a great network, as Fredrik’s mentioned we got a track record of success, we have improving service products. So, we’re going to be relentless in terms of our focus on the things that are most within our control. And so those are the things that give us confidence that the future beyond 2016 is a positive one.
Frank Lonegro: Allison, it’s Frank. Obviously we can’t comment on what other railroads are projecting into the future. But the challenging environment that we see in 2016 does not in any way diminish our confidence and the ability to deliver the mid 60s operating ratio longer term that we have guided you toward in the past. And again today, as you know, we’ve got an awfully good network, a world-class network in the east. And you’ve seen our success over time, both in terms of delivering margin improvement and the cost takeout that Cindy referenced in addition to the operating side, on the G&A side. So, the effort that we’re taking now especially in an improving environment in the future is going to help us improve margins in a meaningful basis, as that improves. But as we sit here today, based on the forward view of 2016, it just seems a little inappropriate for us to guide on a specific time frame right now.
Frank Lonegro: We don’t see anything structural that would impede us from getting to the mid-60s and through the mid-60s. Obviously it’s going to depend on a whole host of things. And again as Michael said, the crystal ball is a little cloudy in ‘16. And obviously as that clarity improves, we’ll be able to give you more guidance around that.
Frank Lonegro: So, I think we gave you a couple other data points to look at. Clearly, we gave you a new coal guidance today that is down from what we had telegraphed on the third quarter call. So that’s clearly something to think through. And then on the broader merchandise side with the industrial sector a little sluggish here, so that’s in thoughts. But then again on the other side, continued strong pricing for an improved service product and efficiencies and rightsizing, so there is going to be some pluses and minuses as we go forward. But in terms of your original way of thinking about it, I mean you do have to normalize it and then really look at the pluses and minuses from there.
Frank Lonegro: Yes, so obviously on the incentive comp, the plan resets at the beginning of every year. So, we had favorability in the back half of 2015 as the year played out differently than we had originally projected. And we disclosed that to you on a quarterly basis. So, be on the lookout for that one. In terms of the Q1 EPS, obviously based on the cycling of the 100 million in liquidated damages in a different demand environment of the first quarter of ‘15 versus the first quarter of ‘16 especially in coal, that’s going to impact us and the demand environment that we talked about. But again, you’re going to have to look at the improved service and the rightsizing and the efficiencies and the pricing performance, and that will ultimately help us give some guidance in terms of how far quarter one of ‘16 will be down versus reported ‘15.
Frank Lonegro: You saw us repurchase 9 million shares in the quarter or just under 260 million which was essentially the same rate that you saw us in the third quarter and it’s consistent with the $2 billion program that we announced back in April. And we currently expect to complete that program ratably over the next five quarters, using balance sheet cash, free cash flow and debt. So, I think you’re going to continue to see us based on what we see now to continue on that ratable program. 
Frank Lonegro: So the answer to your last question is yes. And on the buybacks, it’s the same ratable methodology that you heard us talk about previously. And so, the $2 billion program was intended to be over two-year period. And as we currently see things, we’ll continue to do it at about 260 a quarter.
Frank Lonegro: So, on the locomotive piece, obviously we’ll complete the deliveries in 2016, as Cindy has mentioned, we’ve certainly looked at rightsizing the fleet and taking out the bad actors and the high fuel burn locomotives. So, it certainly helps but you’re talking about 300 engines on a 4,000 engine base. On your tie between productivity and CapEx, there is always some in the CapEx budget that relates to productivity and it’s really I would say dog’s breakfast. You’ve got structural changes in the coal network; you’ve got G&A restructuring and downsizing; you’ve got terminal efficiencies; you’ve got training length which gives you lower crew stars as we mentioned earlier in the call; you’ve got technology initiatives which are funded through the CapEx process that relate into some of the productivity initiatives. So, I think you’re looking at a lot of things that we did in 2015 that will carry over into 2016 and then there is a little bit of a tie between CapEx and productivity. But it’s small in the grand scheme of things, David. In terms of long term and getting back down to 16% to 17%, if you were to normalize this year’s capital budget for the 300 million in locomotive payments, you’d be at that range now. So it’s certainly something that on a long term basis we’re going to continue to look at. Fuel surcharge that’s come down has obviously been a bit of a headwind for us in the past as we look at that 16% to 17%.
Michael Ward: Well Brandon, not to be repetitive but obviously the one-timers, clearly those could be easily defined. I think we’ve given very strong guidance as to where we see the coal market this year. Obviously a little bit of potential downside in the export; it’s a little hard to gauge this early. I think probably the wildcard is the rest of the economy. And it is very early in the year to try to gauge that. Obviously I think if you look at most prognosticators, they’re saying the first half of the year probably looks weak on the industrial side but potentially it recovers. And I guess we don’t really have a better crystal ball than that a couple of weeks into the year and that’s probably the wildcard in the entire thing. And we’re going to drive the efficiencies over $200 million; we will take actions to also reflect lower volumes which would be in addition to what we do on the productivity side. And I think with those parameters, this should be able to give you some relative idea of what the expectations could be.
Michael Ward: And the other thing I would add to that Alex is obviously over the last couple of years, we’ve been able to grow our other markets to offset the declining coal. So, we’re going to have continuing declining coal here and as uncertain industrial economy. So again, that’s the piece that’s least clear but I think it really depends on what happens with the rest of that market. We know we’ll get the productivity; we know we’ll continue network size properly, we know we’re doing the pricing. So really, the wildcard in that question would be what does the rest of the economy do.
Michael Ward: That’s a very timely and difficult question to answer, Jason. As you know, there hasn’t been any mergers under the current regulatory environment. That is a really complicated question; it’s probably better addressed by the STB. But as you saw by their letter last week, they’re going to be very focused on one, the public interest of the potential merger, potential downstream effects. And I think the thing that’s probably the most uncertain but probably going to be there for sure, the question to the extent is what regulatory cost will be put on this merger.
Michael Ward: It is a significant portion of that growth. I think that prior to last year, we’ve been growing our domestic intermodal business about 7% and we’ve guided long-term to about 5% to 10%. And with a softer market, we’re probably at the low end of that range, if you exclude this shift. But nothing has changed in terms of our opportunity to convert what we’ve said is over 9 million units in our network territory that we think over time can be converted to a rail based solution in partnership with our truckers. And so, we think it’s softer right now. But as I said to previous -- answered to previous question, the macro environment still favors a rail based solution longer term.
Michael Ward: I think that over the last couple of years, as we provided you guidance at beginning of the year, we’ve been actually very, very close to those numbers. And while these are uncharted territory in terms of underlying commodity prices, both on the thermal side and the met side, we do work very closely with our customers, both on the producer side and also with some of the agent to sell for us and really try to go over and understand the markets themselves. As we think about this ‘16 right now, out of the 20 million, we probably have about 6 million that we have very good visibility to, probably little bit lower than you normally would have at this time of the year but we still think that there is an opportunity to get to that about 20 million tons for the year. And one of the drivers here is also that you do have such a large excess surplus of domestic coal where the producers are very eager to push that out to the market and that is helpful as well as we move through 2016.
Michael Ward: It’s Michael; I’ll answer that although Clarence is here. So, if you take out the recession, no, we’ve not seen these kinds of pressures in so many different markets because you have multiple aspects working against you. The low gas prices; the low commodity prices; the strength of the dollar, all three of those together are really pushing. And in some ways, I think you can almost think of it as a straight recession, except for say markets like automotive and housing related, you’re seeing pressure on most of the markets. So clearly outside of a recession, this is one where we’re seeing lots of pressure in lots of different markets.
Michael Ward: Not really, Scott. If you think about it, I think our position is the same, as it was a year or year and half ago. We think there is tremendous opportunity for shareholder value creation with our existing portfolio. And if you think about any mergers, there’s going to be substantial regulatory cost, some of the synergies will be very limited because they are end to end mergers. So, if you are going to offset those regulatory costs, you’ve got to have compelling interfaces of synergies. And I really have a hard time envisioning where that would be in any rail merger.
Michael Ward: No, sir. I think we’ve done well in prior down periods; we think we will in this one as well. And we think the long-term future with our existing customer base two thirds of the population we serve, pressures on the trucking, the service improvements we continue to make in the pricing, allows to create lots of value for the shareholders over the intermediate long-term.
Michael Ward: Yes, all we’re prepared to talk you about today is the directional piece, what we try to do is to give you some clarity around the moving parts that we have, obviously certainty on the cycling piece and we have we think good insights into the coal sector. It’s really what happens in the industrial space, especially as we get out into the second half of the year. And again it’s really, really early in the year in an uncertain environment to project full year EPS with specificity. At the same time, as you look at the things that we’re doing, the pricing performance, the productivity, the rightsizing, the service improvements and all of those things are the things that are most within our control. And those are the things that you are going to see us be relentless about.
Michael Ward: So, let me give you the facts and the figures on PTC. So a $1.5 billion is what we spent through the end of ‘15, we’ve given you the $300 million guidance for ‘16 so that would take you upto the $1.8 billion through the end of this year. Our project takes us to a hardware completion date of 2018 and fully operational by 2020. I think you will see the majority of the difference between the 1.8 billion and the 2.2 billion being spent between now -- excuse me, end of ‘16 and the end of ‘18. In terms of the tail on OpEx and some refresh CapEx, we’re still working through that. Obviously there is a piece that’s embedded within depreciation as well as in departmental operating expenses. And that’s still being worked on right now as we understand the support agreements that will go along with the hardware and the software as well as the useful life on those pieces of equipment.
Michael Ward: On the capital side, clearly there is a portion of our capital budget every year that is geared toward growth investments. The majority of that over recent years has been focused on our growth engine and that’s on the intermodal, especially in domestic intermodal side. So, you will continue to see us focused in that area. In terms of dividends, I would say currently where we are, we have a very healthy yield. We have guidance out there in terms of what we’re willing to pay out on a trailing 12 months basis and that’s in the 30% to 40% of trailing 12 months earnings. And so we look at that every year, generally speaking after the first quarter and we’ll continue to do that and look at where we are against the broader environment.
Cindy Sanborn: So, thinking about productivity, we’ve said we’re going to be able to achieve $200 million in productivity savings, in addition to the right-sizing actions that we’re taking. I think when you look at the $200 million in productivity, about $100 million is already -- those initiatives have already been completed and we feel really good about that. And the other initiatives are in slide and we feel good about that. There isn’t necessarily tie or non-tie to the coal network; it’s all -- it’s broad-based and it’s everywhere. And as far as the rightsizing initiatives, I’ll comment on that even it’s not necessarily your question, it might be something you’re thinking about. The way to think about that is fourth quarter is the past is [ph] we’ll be restless on driving out costs that are volume related, as we see demand go down. And then in the opposite, as Michael mentioned, as we see opportunities where demand comes back, we will be able to bring back these resources.
Cindy Sanborn: And Tom on starts, I would say probably about thousand starts per week that are scheduled starts will be -- are out. And obviously starts will come out that are volume related more on the unit train side.
Cindy Sanborn: I don’t have a percentage right in front of me there, Tom. But I can tell you that our train length initiatives have obviously driven a lot of this opportunity and…
Cindy Sanborn: For the total year of 2015, they’re up 8% from ‘14 versus ‘15 and in the fourth quarter, they are up 14% from the fourth quarter of ‘14 to the fourth quarter of ‘15.
Cindy Sanborn: I think as far as the variable trains which that has -- that applies to our merchandise network, I think we’ve seen the biggest increase in train size in the merchandise side. So in the fourth quarter, we saw increase in the train side of 23%. So, I think what the variable schedule does for us going forward is as we see softer demand we are able to right-size that network more effectively. In terms of what the components are of variable train that are in place, we pretty much got them in place but it does allow us to continue to shift and expand and contract on a more effective way than we’ve been able to do in the past in our merchandise network.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes, we’re also continuing train length initiatives on the bulk side as well. We’ve seen increases in train lengths across coal, grain and others in the 5% to 10% range also over the quarter. So, it’s not just a merchandised -- train length is not just a merchandise initiative, it also follows the rest but merchandise has seen the biggest benefits.
Cindy Sanborn: The train length constraints really are not locomotive base; they are sighting capacity based in the southern part of our network. And in terms of capital, we’re looking at those types of investments going forward to allow us to unlock the value of longer trains. So, it’s really not locomotive based.
Cindy Sanborn: So from a productivity perspective, the 200 million is again as I said initiative based, a 100 million is pretty much, those initiatives are in place. Two of those are one area that is included is the actions that we took in the fourth quarter on the reduction in volume across the Erwin gateway and the closure of the Corbin locomotive facility. So to the extent those are obviously in the coal fields that is an impact to productivity in 2016 around both facilities reduction and facilities and headcount reduction. So that’s basically the way I see 2016 looking with productivity. As far as continued rationalization in the coal fields, as I said, we’re going to look at that not just in the coal fields but broadly, whether it’s facility related and/or line segment. The line segments take a little bit longer to work through; they involve customers; they involve other constituencies. So, as we make those determinations and make those decisions, we’ll be very public with that information but that’s more longer term.
