Michael J. Ward: Thank you, Fredrik. The strong 2014 demand reinforced the importance of freight rail industry and CSX in supporting the global supply chain and American competitiveness, the economic and environmental benefits of freight rail network increasingly serve a country with a growing population and a critical need for transportation infrastructure. To continue delivering these benefits and creating value for its shareholders CSX has transformed itself by forging new capabilities aligned with opportunities in energy, manufacturing, agriculture and global commerce. We are generating record results by leveraging the most diverse business risk -- business mix in the company's history with new opportunities across nearly all of the markets we serve.  We remain focused on executing our core strategy of delivering service excellence for our customers, which drives our ability to grow merchandize and intermodal businesses faster than the economy, twice above the inflation and continue to drive improvements in asset utilization. The company is poised for a bright future of strong financial returns and expansion and we thank you for your ownership of and interest in CSX.  Now we'll be glad to take your questions. 
Michael J. Ward: Right now, as we look out through 2015 we don't see any significant impact at all in our crude oil by rail into the eastern markets and certainly in our frac sand markets where we're moving into the Utica and the Marcellus area, where the natural gas and the natural gas liquids are we don't think it will impact the frac sands that we're moving into those areas at all. 
Michael J. Ward: Allison, we feel very positive about it. There has been some studies that come out that essentially only ten states have employment that’s directly impacted by the oil boom, is less than 2% of the U.S. population. For us the crude by rail is less than 2% of our business. It -- for the average U.S. tax -- U.S. person it’s like a tax break of almost $2000 a year. So puts a lot of dollars into the economy. From any indication that we see it’s a positive experience for the American tax payer, for the American economy. So I think lower crude oil prices is a very positive for our economy and very positive for CSX. 
Michael J. Ward: Thanks Rob. So the productivity initiatives are broad and across a lot of different aspects, volume absorption, specific initiatives from the weather, winter, sort of overlap. But I think if you think of the incremental resources that are coming on line it's going to just re-establish the discipline that we've had over the past three or four years around the internal operations of both scheduled and the unscheduled networks. And specifically while velocity would be a bit of a lagging indicator as we dwell on the public measures you see, I think dwell in particular will be a key metric to watch. Internally we have intermediate and home terminal dwell that we're monitoring, but I think the dwell, I think will be an area that you can focus on and that when it stops dwelling there it increases cost in a big way and that'll be the first focus and benefit from the incremental resources. 
Michael J. Ward: So the estimate is about $50 million for the overall program which labor is the largest part of that but there is also some other MS&O savings and to the question around if anything was realized on the fourth quarter, no none was realized really in the fourth quarter. 
Michael J. Ward: I would say that's fairly typical this early in the cycle. Most of those are metallurgical contracts, as you're aware tend to go more on quarterly basis, but still tend to follow traditional line of thinking, which pretty much settles in March April. 
Michael J. Ward: Well, our pricing is -- thank you for noticing by the way they improved sequentially. It's like sometimes watching paint dry to watch those numbers go up. I think you're going to see it improve sequentially each quarter going forward. We have momentum in it. We are constantly watching what happens in that pricing. About 20% of our contracts will renew in the first quarter. We expect to get very strong pricing in the first quarter as the year progresses. I think you will see it improve sequentially in each of those quarters, particularly in our non-coal business. 
Michael J. Ward: Mainly in our ag business and in our aggregates, our stone business. We were constrained in both of those areas in the fourth quarter. That has improved significantly here in the first quarter. Our aggregate business in the first quarter, except in some of our northern areas where it's been weather impacted has significantly improved as well as in our ag business. 
Michael J. Ward: Well, I think we took it up slightly and that's really a reflection of the fact that we do need to get the power and that's where the biggest area is now for opportunities to make an impact on the service recovery. So maybe we could have got more locomotives but the reality is that we can't get more locomotives right now and but even with the locomotives we're getting and our internal repair opportunity, because we do have a fair amount of locomotives internally that we're bringing back in revenue service that perhaps other railroads might not have that opportunity and that's a cheaper form of capacity than buying new ones. 
Michael J. Ward: Well, we don’t want [ph] start at $35 but we think they could continue at the existing facilities to be competitive. As you know once you made that investment you can get back in their refractors and get additional -- without additional huge capital outlays. So we think that this short intermediate term which certainly includes all of '15, we think that these shipments we've been seen roughly 3.5 trains per day continues and maybe even rose a little bit. Longer term, if the prices stay at those levels there is questions whether the capital will go back in for new facilities, Jeff. 
Michael J. Ward: Well, the iron ore is a large move. It's both the prior and subsequent move, meaning that it's -- the raw material comes in, is processed and then it goes out as a finished product of iron ore. And the yields you should consider going forward to be very positive. It’s included in your domestic -- that is included in the domestic coal, yes. 
Michael J. Ward: Non-coal. Most of the condensate that I am aware of, that’s being exported out of this country is mostly being exported over to Gulf. So for example Mexico and the United States couple of days ago have a major exchange of condensates in heavy petroleum products that are being exported and exchanged mainly through the Texas refinery. So that’s where you will see most of it. The East Coast has some condensates that will be exported through York Town but they are very small numbers that impact us. So we are not seeing a lot of that activity that you are describing in the condensate.
Michael J. Ward: The soybean market is pretty heavy, mainly out of Norfolk and out of Mobil and we are seeing quite a bit of activity in those areas. 
Michael J. Ward: I think we are getting it across all segments of our market place. If you look margins are tight right now. So we are able to get pricing in those areas in our bulk commodities. We are able to get pricing, particularly in the truck side of the businesses coming up. So pricing right now is very much in favor of the carriers.
Michael J. Ward: We absolutely do not. The big issue that has been in trucking remains the big issue in trucking and that is driver availability. Most people that I am aware of don’t want their sons to grow up to be truck drivers. And so truck drivers become an issue. People don’t want to be away from home five, six, seven days. There is issues in passing the drug test to get a commercial CDL. There are barriers to entry and becoming a truck driver and getting new class A trucks purchased and the cost of getting into the business is much higher. So it’s more than just having the capacity itself. It’s all the issues that surround it. So we see intermodal in fact growing. Our intermodal business grew faster last year than the GDP the country did. If you look at the AAR data intermodal in general grew faster than the economy did last year. So I think what you are reading in the period articles is people writing that don’t have anything to write about.
Michael J. Ward: Well, about 47%, 48% of our coal business today comes out of Northern App or the Illinois Basin. So we try to look around $3, $3.50 natural gas as a number that if you get much under that, we start to hurt a little bit in our barn. So those are the numbers that we try and [inaudible]. 
Michael J. Ward: Well, I'm not sure exactly what you're asking about but what we're seeing is a lot of our customers are moving to the Illinois Basin coal, which is good for us because it gives us a longer length of haul, gives us higher RPU and it's a good thing for us. 
Michael J. Ward: In the early part of last year and the heavy freezes that were occurring some of the automakers pulled business off the rail and went to the haul away carriers, the haul away carriers would not take the business without contracts duration of around six months for obvious reasons and that's what you're seeing there. 
Michael J. Ward: Justin my friend, David Baggs tells me numbers are not my friends. So I can't give you a specific number, but I would tell you that I am very pleased with the pricing that we're getting. It has been very positive and you will be very pleased when we report our numbers for the first quarter this year. 
Michael J. Ward: It’s -- oil and gas is major part growing at that portfolio but the plastics part of the business is still the largest by far.
Clarence W. Gooden: We see the stockpiles, both in the north and the south are pretty much where we expected them to be. They're at normal levels, in both the north and the south. We think the comps in the first quarter will be very favorable for us, when you look at the -- what the weather was last year versus what the weather is this year. Yes, these gas prices stay where they are now, which are around $3 or sub $3 there could be some downside risk out in the quarters two and three from what we have planned. But for right now it looks to us like the rest of the year should be around flat going forward. 
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, Thomas, this is Clarence. I think it's positive for us. It's less cost obviously overall in the package to the customer. So as we push for our price increases it makes it more powerful as we go to the customer and the overall package.
Clarence W. Gooden: No, I think you're absolutely correct. I think you'll see much stronger pricing in ’15 than you did in '14, absolutely. 
Clarence W. Gooden: Sure, I mean with any plan that you put together there are challenges and there are opportunities and I would say that the challenges that we are seeing is on the coal side and on the crude side right now. We feel that on the domestic side that while we think flat is the right place to be, there is probably more down side then upside to that. Export we outlined that we expect export volumes to drop close to 25% for the year and crude, while we are not hearing from our customers that there are any change in the shipping patterns, clearly we are monitoring that closely as well. But if you look at the opportunity side, I think you have heard about our productivity initiatives close to $200 million. We expect to grow our non-coal business faster than the economy as a whole and the pricing environment continues to be -- to get stronger and stronger frankly.  So when you add all that up we feel that double digit is the right place to be, it’s -- nothing is ever slam dunk because it wouldn’t be meaningful guidance if it was, but it is something that we think we can achieve.
Clarence W. Gooden: Chris, this is Clarence. I think there is a very positive trend in the intermodal pricing. We see that the truck issue still remain there even with the 34 hour rule that’s been turned back. There is capacity issues, there is driver issues. Even with class A truck orders being up there is still the issues of being able to get the drivers to move the business. So we think there is a lot of pricing opportunities in intermodal itself.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think the answer is yes to both questions. I think just the overall capacity issues in all of the modes of transportation, whether it’s barge, truck or rail has given us a positive pricing environment and certainly as our services improve, and I'd like to point out that we had a point of inflation last summer. Our service has been continually improving since last summer. In fact this fall, in our fall peak we had an excellent fall peak with UPS for example being one of our prime premium service partners. Our service has been continually improving and that makes it much easier for our sales force to go out and get the rate. 
Clarence W. Gooden: I don't think we have the math in front of us to do that. You do have the total fuel surcharge revenue that reported STB, that I also think is actually in our quarter flash. You can look at the total revenue from fuel and then you can model that out, I think you get a sense depending on different highway diesel prices what the impact would be.
Oscar Munoz: Allison, this is Oscar Munoz. I think a portion of that number is weather, although not as significant as you might think, probably 15% of that number roughly. 
Oscar Munoz: And we're answering a hypothetical question, Bill. I know specifically when you think of crews and locomotives, our most expensive aspect of that, I've got roughly a 1000 people in the pipeline and I've got roughly a 1000 people potential attrition. So that I think offset in itself and then on the locomotive side we've got least returns that we can work through. So I think citing back to the old days of '08, '09 when we sort of did the math and proved the variability that has come into this industry. So we monitor that very closely. 
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, we really are down to that point, Ken and locomotives are the biggest, last sort of aspect of this and we've got 200 over the course of 2014 and roughly 100 here in the first quarter, another 150 or so in the second quarter and our service measures and lot of things will be almost pretty significantly correlated to the arrivals of those locomotives. Crews have been trickling in over the course of the year. So we're in pretty decent shape there. It is a power issue up against this great volume that we're getting. It's important to know we are in essence open for business. Our fluidity has gotten a little bit better across the network. Our cost structure is improving. I mean the span around our misses is a little bit narrower. We got crews and locomotives coming online, and the infrastructure that we've been building has improved fluidity. So we're feeling good about where we are starting the year. 
Oscar Munoz: Hey, John, it's Oscar. We've had knock on wood, a good almost 11 plus weeks where Chicago has been on what we call a normal alert level and so that's the good news. The communication and coordination that you referred to and we've always known it's been critical, it's been ramped up, both at the most senior levels of the industry but also at the local level, with that Chicago terminal coordinating office and the efforts around that. And so everybody is working closely around that. We've been -- we've had a couple of fits and starts. Chicago was incredibly cold last week, we mustered through that. We all take our turns in the barrel, been a little struggling through various interchange points, by and large the entire industry is working very closely and very well so far with that.  Now next few weeks will test us again and of course when volume returns here in the spring peak, week nine or so, we're focusing on that, but so far so good John. 
Oscar Munoz: I think normal service levels, those were record service levels back then. I think we will gradually steam up to that area as the locomotives arrive and then it'll be gradual over the course of the year. Not quite ready to commit to those higher levels that quickly. Again we have a spring peak that goes from week nine to week 23, that's the end of June. So I think there will be some lagging effect but again I think you're going to see the efficiency, the productivity and of course the growth that we've seen altogether start to come together certainly by the second half of the year. 
Fredrik Eliasson: So to clarify on the $200 million, so what we have is the operation’s normal target of about $130 million to $150 million plus we have about $50 million that is linked to the G&A workforce reduction program, that we outlined, the severance charge in our fourth quarter. 
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Fredrik. Yes we do think we have a fuel surcharge mechanism that is effective. It's not a profit driver but it makes us neutral to fuel price volatility. There are periods such as when the prices decline that we get the lag benefit which we saw here in the fourth quarter and likewise when fuel rises our fuel surcharge mechanism lags a little bit. So we have a little bit of detriment there. But overall the fuel surcharge is working well and we think that we are neutral to any sort of price volatility with the exception of the lag effect. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, and I think if you go back to 2008-2009 timeframe, you can see what we did there, which was pretty remarkable in terms of variabalizing the cost structure. And in this scenario that we don't think that you're going to be -- you're correctly predicting or forecasting but if volume will be softer than we are currently anticipating we do have the opportunity to take cost out more than what we have in the current plan. And we have proven that in the past that our cost structure is more variable than perhaps might some people might think. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, so this is Fredrik. I think if you go back to the third quarter we were somewhere around $15 million to $20 million, so what we call service-related cost, the network wasn’t -- the performance level we wanted, the fluidity wasn't there, so extra overtime and equipment rent and so forth. Here in the fourth quarter probably pretty similar to that and as Oscar outlined as we get the additional locomotives we should see the fluidity improve and therefore see reduction in overtime and improvement in our equipment rents et cetera and that’s going to come gradually. I think it’s unrealistic to think that it’s going to be meaningful here in the first quarter because while the weather has cooperated so far we are not through it yet and generally that slows things down but as you get to the second quarter and we get the brunt of the equipment specific to the locomotives that we are expecting, I think at that point and late in the second quarter I think you should start seeing some significant improvements.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I think in terms of the G&A workforce reduction, it simply was an opportunity for us to streamline some functions, stop doing some of the things that we has been doing and just process changes allowed us to be little bit more aggressive there. We’ve had a program in place for six, seven years now to try to offset inflation. We have been able to do that but this was just a way to be a little bit more aggressive on that side. We, through the pipeline of productivity initiatives that we have as a company not just for ‘15 and ‘16 and ’17, where we try to get that $130 million, $150 million a year. We continue to work very hard. That’s a big part of the value equation for CSX and has been over the last decade. It’s going to continue to be over the next decade.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, this is Fredrik. Clearly we expect to start moving towards that mid-60s here in 2015, after having absorbed that close to $900 million of coal loss over the last couple of years. And we are going to make some meaningful improvements towards there. Now if we think about the three components it’s ultimately price, volume and productivity, the last decade it was more probably price and productivity and as we think about the next decade, I think it's going to be more evenly split between the three, as we continue to see good volume opportunities for us. We continue to have a strong healthy pipeline of productivity initiatives, not just for 2015 but in the years beyond that as well. And then pricing environment after having been a little bit slower over the last couple of years I think it's becoming more vibrant as well. So the three of those components together we have continued good cash deployment, of the free cash flow is the way we get there. It's continuously the sort of blocking and tackling that we done over the last couple of decades that got us from the kind of the high 80s down to the low 70s. We're going to continue to push that going forward. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I think we're going to try to stay away from too much of the detail around specific pieces, because generally I said before, whenever we put a plan together, I think it will be obsolete as soon as you put the plan together. But in terms of pricing specifically, inflation plus pricing is critical to everything that we do. We are not necessarily banking on coal, on the domestic side coming back significantly from where it is today. It would be nice to see but that's not necessarily anything we're banking on. Export coal we're in a down cycle at the moment and two years from now who knows what it's going to be. But we think there is enough other factors within our business to drive that earnings growth without just focusing too much on the coal business itself. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, generally we see a tax rate that’s right around 37.5%, was a little bit lower this quarter because there is some tax credits that we got, but generally about 37.5%. 
Fredrik Eliasson: I would expect it to be up but and clearly that depends on ultimately what you think about the fuel itself. But we do expect, as we said, our overall merchandise and intermodal business to grow faster than economy as a whole and domestic to be flat and the export coming down. But I still think we have an opportunity to grow the revenue. The key part here is that fuel surcharges really pass through for us. So even if the overall revenue number comes down because of fuel surcharge, really it doesn't impact the bottom line except for the lag as I said earlier. 
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Fredrik. Yes, so if you look at the margins, when you exclude chemicals and coal it's pretty much in line with the rest of our merchandize business. Because of the fuel surcharge that we have in place in the intermodal business that essentially mirrors the trucking industry, when you see price volatility, when prices come down as they have done here on the fuel side, what happens is not so much that this is a volume play for the industry, it’s really the fact that our margins in intermodal gets a little squeezed, because we are more fuel efficient, so more of the dollar from fuel surcharge in intermodal goes to the bottom line; net-net for CSX that's not the case, but just on intermodal business itself. So there is some margins squeeze when fuel comes down but it's not significant and if the statement that it’s in line with the rest of our business is still a true statement. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I think that's what we tried to lay out, the kind of key assumptions by expense item in the presentation itself. So you know how we're thinking about, I gave you some of the components there. Clearly you're right that the first quarter, I think will be a strong quarter and supportive of our double digit earnings growth for the year. 
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Fredrik. I think that there is a fixed variable that is less of an issue. I think in terms of the sensitivity it's clear that our sensitivity if coal comes down and is not flat, that's going to be sensitivities to our EPS guidance. But at the same time as we said there are opportunities to offset that. So there is a lot of different pieces that goes into our guidance. So I think it's a little bit dangerous to isolate specific pieces. But we add all the things up at this earlier and we think about the business as a whole and some of the vibrancy we're seeing in certain markets and some of the productivity opportunities, the pricing, we feel that we can absorb some of those sensitivities on the coal side, but it's -- we’ll have to wait and see, we're going to have to get couple of quarter under the belt, until we get full visibility into what is doable and what's not doable for the year. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, the positive lag in the quarter itself here for the fourth quarter was about $23 million and I think $16 million year-over-year. So that was a favorable coming from fuel. We also saw a little bit of favorability because the wholesale prices I think came down faster than the retail prices and it’s the retail prices at our fuel surcharge is tied to. So what we pay to the pump probably declines faster than the fuel surcharge revenue itself. So that’s another benefit that we saw here this quarter. But overall frankly if you look at our margin expansion our operating ratio, this is not a profit element if fuel prices come down, it’s actually generally slightly positive to our path towards the 65% operating ratio longer term. But as I said overall not a profit element. There is some lag effects and here we saw an additional lag perhaps even in the fourth quarter or the fact that wholesale prices went down faster than retail prices. And that…
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, in the material scheme of things, but if we just think about the fact that you're adding for example $100 million at the revenue line and you're adding a $100 million to the expense line, this is not a profit driver. The operating ratio of that is 100% because you're not getting a margin on that. So as fuel price comes down and your fuel expense goes down a corresponding amount you actually get a little bit of benefit from that. 
William Greene: Hi. Good morning. Clarence, can I ask you to follow-up a little bit on that pricing comment. So I would guess that we are going to start lapping some of the big export coal price declines, so that's going to make our comps, I would think a bit easier in '15 and of course the overall market is a lot stronger, particularly on the truck side. So I think that would be helpful to your pricing dynamic. So is there any flaw in the logic to think that pricing for CSX in ‘15 should be stronger than it was in ‘14. 
William Greene: Okay so and then maybe for Fredrik or for Oscar, as we think about the cost structure in so far as volumes disappoint us this year, so they're unexpectedly weak, how much of your cost structure is variable, how much can you sort of tweak that $200 million higher if you had to and how much is more fixed such that as you dedicate these resources, locomotives, employees to move the current volume, we run the risk that we create a higher fixed cost structure in the second half, let's say. 
William Greene: Yeah, no, things look stronger obviously. It's more just folks worried if, is the oil price indicative of some weakening that’s bound down to come. So just trying to think through what your flexibility is. Thanks for the time. 
