Hunter Harrison: Thank you, David, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. I guess my first comment would be I am back. I didn't think this is going to happen, but [Indiscernible] hopefully – well, not hopefully, I think factually my last leg on this journey that I have taken on this railroad, [Indiscernible]. In the 50 years did I ever think that I would finish in Jacksonville a group of railroaders with the talent that they did this, and the franchise that is before us, and I am very, very excited about the opportunity. I met yesterday with the first board meeting, formally with our board. I think it is safe to say that all of us were pretty excited about the opportunities going forward. As I found here, [Indiscernible] there is a group of [railroaders]. There might be a little shift in direction, but this company is going to achieve things that some of you don't think could be achieved. I'm not going to spend a lot of your time on the first quarter because I was only here for 30 days, and the three leaders here with their team produced those results are going to spend some time going through that with you. I certainly think it was a pretty outstanding quarter. As an outsider certainly looking in and it builds the foundation for us to go forward on with our plans for the future. I would say that I was reflecting this morning on what I might say here today and I know if you look at the various [Indiscernible] that we deal with, certainly our investors are represented – certainly our employees are represented. The one group that is so important to us that is not represented directly that I am [Indiscernible], and I am extremely excited. If you look at our service offering as it is today, there is a lot yet to learn but pretty good job in our bulk movement and cycles. Do a good job in the intermodal area. I think all of us would say that in our core merchandise category, we can make some significant improvement. I think the [majority] have already started down that road. And I think you will see some what I would characterize as some pretty dramatic changes in our cycles and I think you will see things like from Chicago to Florida markets that we will take two and three days out of that as a result of some strategies you are going to hear about today. So I think that is pretty exciting for the customer base. So without me taking additional time let me turn it over to the team here, and let Frank give us some observations on the results in the quarter.
Hunter Harrison: Let me – I don’t think that this franchise is significantly different than others that we have overlaid this model with. Cindy touched on a lot of these things, and as we have talked internally, we don't have some ironclad numbers on what the headcount number got to be, what the pump closures got to be. It is going to be what is smart to do. I don’t think that I have spent a great deal of time with Cindy and her team. We are – I think step one was cutting through a lot of bureaucracy. We are getting through where we had nine-divisions, and so we are going to be going down to maybe a couple. [Indiscernible] just cost money, and I think we are trying to streamline that. We are trying to get the right leadership in the right spot. We have got nine dispatching offices. I don't think any railroad has nine dispatching offices, and we are going to make some efforts there. There is efforts going on now promoting productivity, I would expect before the summer is up, we will have 550 or so locomotives [restored]. We will probably have 25,000 freight cars put up, and all of the associated costs that go with them, labor, material, and the locomotive fuel productivity, velocity, and a lot of things, dwell time in terminals I would say would come down dramatically. Some of our facilities historically have they been overbuilt? Yes.  Like the auto railroad. But this railroad has had a special challenge. If you look back at the mergers, there were more companies involved with mergers of that what is now the CSX than any other major railroad. So if you are going to place [Indiscernible] and we have four or five yards, well, it is because you have money to have a yard there if you go through some of these common points. So, we are doing some things. For example, [Indiscernible] is a good example, where I think we have four yards there. Cindy is helping me here, and I think we will be down to, maybe there is one super operation there. But I know we have a track of land there that is an operating proxy that needs to be a good deal of money. So there is going to be some monetization of assets. So this is going to be more of the same at maybe a more rapid pace taking advantage of larger opportunities.
Hunter Harrison: Well, I'm obviously in 30 days, I've limited amount of knowledge. I will say that I think one of these starting things going forward with this organization as well as rail overall is the opportunity catch before us to get this off the hour. And I think that we're set up in almost a perfect storm here to take advantage of that. If you look at that we have we start with a strong base to begin with, with great market that we serve up and down the East Coast and Chicago, Florida, and some really some growth areas, where there is congestion, the highway systems aren’t going to be able to contemplate everything. If you look at the advantages of rail would, from an environmental standpoint, from an energy standpoint. And if you look at an organization that is going to be able to take a combination of dual times and terminals about limiting terminals, which lowers cost, that at the same time then takes dual times now from an average of effectively a day or 25 hours or 26 hours of dual, down to 18 or so, and you say we're going to skip some terminals and you start to look at really what we used to talk about the strong competitive, that is not strong competitive, it's better than pro. Now, the issue is the change and is tried to take that to the market place and to sell it and converted and change it. But that's where look the individual markets, I mean this can be just as we guess more the competitors out there, we'll stretch and fighting and win the business there. The real opportunity has been is on the in the high wall.
Hunter Harrison: Is that based -- send me your mail, Chris, and I'll fill it in. I think you're right on. Look, this is not the first time this movie played out. We see opportunities, not going to happen overnight. Is it going to exactly linear? No. will be there be a fair step approach? Yes. Do we have any barriers here? Structural issues, as we deal with the board discuss, we can't do what's been done before. And even go beyond that? No reason.
Hunter Harrison: Well, I mean, Tom, they're totally different franchises. The maker, the market. As generally speaking, a lot of roads are in North America. So, you look behind your belt and you say look what is the best way to operate and run this franchise and I think that the -- there is a lot of talk about this is not a simple T operation that it got all the complexities and the density and the spaghetti bowls. Well, the waiting, the hand led, eat his spaghetti and get rid of it. So, one of the things we've done, is the same the time we work diligently on is being sure that we're not going through terminals and process and cars just because the terminals there. So, it's almost kind of the old term we use before the wide motocross, let's start on with this franchise. The last, and I was there yesterday when I talked to group but the last stop yard, it was built in North America, the last two, with one and way across which is the heart of this CSX in my view. And the other one was our [indiscernible] in mid-80s. Markets have changed since mid-80s. Demand of traffic that's bulk, that is intermodal, that is very nearly -- true trends. It don’t have to be sold it in Swiss, so you adopt that year your operating strategies to the market. And I just think that there's much more of a natural fit to make some of the changes that we need to make here that will present even more opportunities to both year point for the complexity as said in the past and built in and simplified. This franchise, if you apply the marker here to some degree, adds more potential than anyone up there will.
Hunter Harrison: Well, Tom, I don’t want to get into about there. I'm sure the people here they’ve have potentially a different better strategy given what they had to work with. The operating groups challenge is to present velocity and speed in customer requirements to the marketing sales group and then given how well that service going to apply to the market, then its spreads changed job into this end of service to take that to the market. And I think a better product raw product this Wendy and team can produce the more successful and more latitude, it will give thread and technique till I think that I think the competition, we're going to get bears in our rear view mirror and they're going to be looking at the rear, we're going to be pass him on the left.
Hunter Harrison: I don’t know that how quick to pick Chicago. But Chicago is a special issue. And if you noticed in a lot of our what we've discussed and talked about, it hadn’t included Chicago, but those Chicago we here affectively carved out and are taking a different special type look at. Chicago has some real challenges to this all North American infrastructure. Chicago cannot survive as it is today. You got law suits now, the imminent domain, had you want to take rail infrastructure to replace it with that one. You got it right beside all here. Okay. Everybody wants to grow, they want to grow in Chicago and it's not going to work. Now, the plus for us is this. We own a lot of assets in Chicago and we can be a more significant player that in positions that been in the past. And only one move could change things in Chicago and so people have to be aware of it and not I don’t read, I'm not going to mention the term but just a stroke of a pen of a partnership could shift a lot of track away from Chicago, and infrastructure thing to people think it's need for Chicago will be needed. For example, if you look at Kansas City today. Kansas City used to be a Chicago. And we were little late in the real business and built tons of infrastructure and now you look at Kansas City and it's pretty much rail business relative to the infrastructure. So, Chicago is going to be gravy on top of this plan of what we eventually decide we're able to do with our partners and fellow owners and all the other entities that want to be part of Chicago. So, it’s real opportunity is that we're taking a special look at.
Hunter Harrison: Look, I don’t have anything in mind. I got four years contract, I want to go out and CSX with a green, with a blue and gold jersey running under the goal post, okay. If even if I want to do something after that, it's up to them. I'm only pointing out that one of the challenges that's brought to my attention, almost every time, I'd be with the big customer, is real consolidation. And in spite of the fact that which you might hear, in proper statement, we got to LA to a customer in South and West of adding service to New York and I'll talk to you about half of it. They don’t want to hear about half of it, they want to hear about all of it. And until one easy and control movement rail is never going to have the competitive alternative to the highway. But what I'm just pointing out that for a lot of these reasons, Chicago was kind of a wild card.
Hunter Harrison: Now, look I think that -- I think that you give us off to and buy into, what we say we're going to do, that you don’t need to think about short liners all the time. I do think that we do domestically move coal a little bit different than I'm traditionally used to, in a very disciplined close loop unit train operation that can be much more efficient. You can't move unit train coal train for three days and then park them two days and then run them for three days and then move again to very efficiently. Now if you do that there is a higher pulse associated with it with higher cost maybe comes the higher price. So what we are trying to do both with the -- is to create and encourage our super stores with us to create more disciplined approach what we can do with [indiscernible] and fewer locomotives and we can be more competitive for them and give them a constant supply of coal which is what they want and if we developed the reliability we need then it will all come together.
Hunter Harrison: Well, I hope it's pretty good. I've worked most of my career. The first four years alongside of the various roles that now make up the effects and those some of the leadership I've had some, I mean terrible what I say here, I had some bad things conversations, exploring new opportunities with those individuals. It's not real common for a new CEO to get me in and I don't care what your name is in the labor leaders to be bringing in a [inaudible] that just now, [inaudible] but at the same time I [inaudible] to be approached unofficially at least, the conversations about potentially there was something like an hourly agreements that has been extended in some part of the US system and now the Canadian national that we developed. It is very encouraging to say that, even that there are dialogue like that and one of the things that, the beauty of that would be, a couple of things that the people should think that one: those agreements guarantee people position that’s important today people they certainly have job and they have the job guarantee and that’s very important in people and at the same time for us it lowers our, potentially our cost, 30% to 35%. So we're going to have some squabbles. They don't like to see their people disrupted nor do I but you got to do which you got to do some time. And so there'll be some, I'm sure there'll be some, comment but all I care about is the bottom line and profit and I hope that in turn we're very sensitive to the employees in the part they play in this. So I think we'll do fine with it.
Hunter Harrison: Well, the question was, yes it was. I think, is the more complexity there in the network the better model you can apply to it, you can get more advantages or opportunity but if you just got a linear street line railroad because there would be lot of people can do that into the model to that. So this has certainly, those implications. Now, strategically going down there in the line as to far as, look I think, if you look at three years out of five years, out of ten years that we need to understand that the world is going to continue to change though and we need to be flexible and to have a plan that allows us to change with those changes, okay. And we got things going on as we speak from energy standpoint, what is the future of fossil fuel, what is the future of crude, how much influence of the environment is going to have? What is the next we are going to do with the railroad, you go ahead inject rail, you drive manage huge warehouse of Amazon and so the supply chain is going to change and we have to be, going to be some of the game that are traditional [inaudible] we have to be more flexible and more creative to be able to deal with those changes in the world.
Hunter Harrison: I don’t know that, the market would have you believe, to begin with, we are not going to sit here and let our precious service the kind of commodity and so that there we create in service and I would [inaudible] at this we are just in time an intermodal get real hot, if you look back and do a little history, you will see that prior I am in, it was not going to our 20% [inaudible] you let interest rate and they are going back up after, I just can’t tell you when they do people do move merchandize will be rewarded because caring are going to go up. The beauty is this the quicker we move it, the cheaper it is and so it goes on itself and so we turn the equipment quicker, we give better service to the customer and we got the lower cost and then we can may more convincing and it all fits in this model.
Hunter Harrison: I have in my whole career in fact one of the reasons why I'm sitting here was I have to be an operating guys that [inaudible] okay. I have got a little reputation [inaudible] people look at your bill and that wouldn't they do on the ground, but look there's no one more sensitive than I am and more [inaudible] than I am of the business that our customers yield, okay. I am the greatest advocate in the world which you could sit in some of our meetings when we talk about service and we talk about [inaudible] because that’s not just about creating pain and suffering for our customers which I don’t want to see creating. One example of a customer turn over a period just when we are going to do a transition that sense any problem or issue from it didn’t exist, okay. So I am going to do a little coaching couple of mine and actually anticipate had a response.
Hunter Harrison: Well, I think, if you look back, the parts when I was parts of the U.S. operation, we were not part of handling. So negotiated our labor agreement and then we can do that now we are going to have some dialog it appears to me and I have had a chance to some of my colleague about it but it appears to me that some of the big -- if you will or seven or they start to see the world differently than if they start to see the world differently and then on one page and that's makes a lot of sense to have this one big care conference negotiated for us. I would much prefer I think us to sit down with our employees and do what's the best for the organization and employee. So I think that all those things that deal with policies and all we will take a look at it and see how they see the world and how we see going forward and what's the most appropriate action.
Hunter Harrison: Well [indiscernible] the markets of the market. We don't get a chance to make the market. I know this the more productive we are the better we are at cost controlling that cut inflation -- controlling cost okay will put us in the position that says people used to say -- 800 miles plus you could make -- well that's not true. If you are operating -- 90s it's true. The operating ratio is 58 it's wrong. So it's I don't really, necessarily while on the short it's the bottom-line margin that we can make out the business and what I don't think we set the price out there. The market sets the price which we want to play or not. And we keep ourselves competitive with the market both with long and short term.
Hunter Harrison: Yes. That's the story. That's why you provide good service. It starts with your product but you don't have the product you don't have anything. So we start with the product and the better we make that product the more we can extract in value added both in market share and whatever the revenue. So this is not one set of the game. It's the revenue up and cost down and investor get rewarded and it's fun. Okay.
Hunter Harrison: My numbers, my analysis as a short timer don't include some big goal, if coal comes back stronger than anticipated it's very – will it change any of these numbers, I don't think so. If you look at the last story we get the same thing -- and you will get to the numbers well I think that group has done an excellent job and they continue to do it I think they bound through 60 it through with their life 58 so no I don't think that I have set longer term almost – western Canada that I can't retract it. I just take longer term coal is not something that rails should depend on. Now it can take a while to transition out it's not going to happen overnight and we might see another 10-15 years but longer term I don't think that fuel I mean coal is going to be the energy source of the future.
Hunter Harrison: Well overall, side that we follow in this index after the variety of them and as you can see in the forward curve currently that is coming down as we move through second half of the year and that certainly then our expectations as well but we will ultimately see where the market ends up.
Hunter Harrison: Well look I don't know what I can say but I would emphasize, okay M&A has nothing to do with this strategy here at all okay. And one thing I take very proud and the integrity okay I am telling you there is no such plan. Even I don't have hands I have got four years it's not going to happen in 10 years [indiscernible] is a lot to play with the hand and bill okay and we got a good hand here. Now do we have a couple of midst, maybe but we are looking internally in fact that was last night talking about some people. I am not sure that we have – that we have taken advantage of all the internal talents that we have here. But if we hint avoid that we have that we need then we can – we always have the ability to go externally. If there anybody wants to get the work force the list is long and we don't have any restrictions about who can leave and can't go here, they can't go there. We are okay, work here they can leave. Okay. In fact if they want to go some other railroad let them go. But we have got we will not have a short of talent and resources to be on the railroad that we described.
Hunter Harrison: I think they were working on some numbers for me and let me clarify something that I'm trying to, we all have kind of dramatically a different type of explanations for, I'm talking about contractors, consultants, employees, all of the above everybody to get the cheque. Okay, I think that I'll correct this if I'm wrong, that the attrition is going to come in at that 9% level range, 8.5% to 9%. And so, if you look at those numbers as opposed to where we are, you use some kind of order or magnitude of what we get absorb without adversely affecting people.
Hunter Harrison: Well yes, I think that quarterly, look, I am not obsessed for example with the operating ratio. The more I try to get away from it the more people push me back in the middle of it. I mean clearly there's some, there are issues that are return on your name it, capital equity that whatever there are more material ways over a longer timeframe to look. The problem gets to be as we're incorporated into your yearly, daily operation and make the conversion because there is a lag period that you go through. I think a lot of businesses and I think we are a little bit that we have to address is this, we've got our compensation system so complex the employees won’t understand it, I mean you have gone too far but I think that's something that the board talked about this week it happens facing committee discussed it and I think it's something that we want to be sure that we are motivating the right behavior with the employees of return effectively on caption. One of the rules of this model is this, they'll spend $1 in precious capital and so your growth been explore every operating alternative. And so, I think there's going to be a push that way more and more for return numbers than rather than just roll margins on operating ratio.
Hunter Harrison: Yes, free cash flow works. I mean, in all of the above, it’s how you weigh those factors, and if you do you do those things in a material manner. Everyone has got some downside too. You focus this year on free cash flow and you make some inventory decision to make some artificial goal which deals you next year. So, it really takes a material approach from management and sometimes that’s hard to put together.
Hunter Harrison: Well I mean clearly, it's pretty simple formula. Cindy talked about this morning and the longer the train, but here the train, the lower the cost the better we can be in the terminal. And the service factor, that’s how you get to do. Get personal, get the toiler, get the container get it on the train, get it to its destination and get it on the ground and have it available for the customer. And it’s not so much, if you do the job right and this organization has done a pretty good job there. I mean I look at some of our numbers that I am learning and with our domestic business we are like up in the mid or higher 90s which is pretty admirable with pretty demanding customer as they should be demanding. Like UPS, I mean UPS, just all I want you to do is right what we say intermodal if they were to stay under it. You say you are going to be here third morning, x/x, be here. And if you do that, okay, it's not sometimes we make these things too complex and you simply get it to move it, do what you say you are going to do it and be efficient with. Are we looking at some time saving that we can do little bit here and little bit there continually but I think we are going to do fine there, we are going to get even better there but and then we'll at the same time take advantage of this merchandize network.
Hunter Harrison: Well I mean Fredrik and probably and Frank can speak to that better than I can. I know that, look I know this company is going to be in a much better position from a base stand point that if we see the opportunity we are ready to make whatever investments we need to take advantages of opportunities in the market out there.
Hunter Harrison: I am not a one-man crew advocate. Now, there are special circumstances, there are different issues, I mean clearly if you're switching a race track or you're switching a mine track with one track or something, there's applications that we have today for one person. But today to take a 20,000 ton train on line of road with one person, I don't think it’s good business. Then why I don’t think that and shame on us that we don't have in my view the quality control to do it. So you have got one person on the train and you have a air hose failure or a drill bar or whatever, as the one person going to deal with the delays of the customers the domino effect and all that and then in some of that go hearts, tell me well, we're going to have people in trucks along the ride away with all these materialism and now they'll be dispatched to the train to help the engineer, the one-man crew and as said well it's not one and then it's one point whatever piece, particularly the day with where rail is relative to take the issues and the whole issue commentary obligation. I just don't think that it's something that we're focusing on. If you look at the payload, and people will shudder what I say this, when my peers with labor leaders if you look at the cost of the other person on that train that's has gotten rid of the payload of X, it's relatively drop in the bucket that the value of that person can bring as an additional eyes and ears and you came watch both sides of the train. And just, we've got a lot of things in the ABCs that we need to get better it before we start talking about one-man crew, then I guess before we total with that, we'll have -- we run the electric train with nobody up there with somebody with a reason is somewhere around it. I don’t know having go and get the demand but I had figured out more, so.
Hunter Harrison: Under certain circumstances I think all work. I think there is a lot of things that we can do intermodaly that for whatever reason they may try before and it's then got away from it, but am a big as it could have be as repricing. One of the things that you have to do in our model which you'll hear a lot about is balance. And when you look at the graph, the intermodal for instance and it's kind of survive more lend and it keeps showing very denied and then it sync down on Sunday, it's just money that's being wasted. And I tried one experiment. When you hear, you listen to the market and you listen and you hear service, service. And so, we say, well we haven’t run three trains on Friday night, so maybe we can discount on Saturday and Sunday to move some of that business from Friday to Saturday and Sunday. And so, we discounted 15% and 20%. Just how many people came Friday? Nobody. Everybody went Saturday and Sunday. So, you start to find out what the real market is out there. So, there is a lot of creative things I can see today, that we are going to have dispatch or sitting there at two o'clock in afternoon selling the slots. Then I get eight slots left that are going to be opened in less and they are going to discount. I see that my personal view is we will see a day where there won't be full contracts as such as we think about. They will be half but there will be shorter even in late and so I think there is a lot of things to do the way we compensate sales people, for example. And lot of things that rail can do that we can't, I mean, will stuck in the mud with that we can be much more creative to supplement this standard and low product.
Hunter Harrison: Well Frank spent a lot of time this week with the board and the finance committee and I have believe it or not got the back up from that discussion and be a little more operating focused and let me let Frank help you there.
Hunter Harrison: Yes. Also, I don't think our policy going to be different than what we you have been familiar with, okay. If you look at allocation basal, the first call is going to be always reinvestment in this railroad and hopefully we got opportunities to make the appropriate returns there. If those don’t present their self, then we're going to look at other ways the most efficient ways as Frank described to return that case to the owner, whether it's through buyback, dividend, combinations thereof, will always be a little debated about what your structure is and what kind of fund you are managing and which customers want which. But I think we, I think the board yesterday had our both for two days estimating these and the board meeting, that a third discussion of our policies there and there was a great deal of common understanding in directionally which way we need to go.
Hunter Harrison: Yes. Then they ought to be careful. If that's the response, look, as I think it's just pretty simple response. As long as we provide the service we talk about today and we become and we are going to get there the low cost carrier, okay, we got to worry about to tell you. I don't know what they are going to do in the way of response that is smart, is they can do that first. After competitors doing things stupid, that's good. And sometimes it's short term pain but I don't think that I'd see anything out there but this they are going to have some different response than they've had six months ago than what they are going to have in the future that's going to set this organization back. We get an agenda, we have got a wonderful customer base, we are going to see some organic growth. I'm convinced we're going to see some market share growth. I got to be a little patient there but this is going to come together. And I don't think a lot of what takes places is going to be negatively impacted by the competition.
Hunter Harrison: Couple of that would. It's on eBay for a $1000, I mean, it's the market, if not then we can't get it recopy that some of the competition used to work for all of those to get copy rights business. It's not secret, okay. It's one thing to write its play book, okay. A lot of companies keep sitting down and give you yes and no, okay. The key is you got to have players that can execute. You don’t have to play, you're going to execute. You steal every play but you all. So, I hope they do copy but if they copy us, I think they might be more efficient and I'll look at other rails generally speaking much more is our partners is our near competitor. Of course, we had so much airline business too here. So, we have that. The secrets in this, I miss them.
Hunter Harrison: Well, that's I think you expect it broadly. If you look at the overall velocity, I mean, I just used Chicago for an example and how quick can you see it, you can see it overnight. I mean, we are starting to reach schedules at railroad, I know that the main company has gotten especially Florida pretty well reworked and done and that’s been I've been doing some looking, work for towards and on. And so, we're going to kind of go up the line, we will have what you have been used to before with every guy have its own trip plan. One plan, they only get re-tripped and re-tripped, you got one plan, we got to tell the customers going to be 83 hours door-to-door and we're going to do it. And one of the ways to do it is this. Look, I -- we've get a lot of good things going, we got some things, we got to say. Our train speed is not right out of it, our merchandise train speeds between terminals is like 18 miles an hour. We got the potential to be at 27, 28, and you start taking numbers like that and then you avoid terminals and rather than drive into a terminal and dwell for 26 hours you can drive by that one and skip that 26 and pick up a little here and you do the math and don’t take long, you get to Florida two or three days quicker depending on where at large you are going. That's just an order of magnitude that impact both service and cost and asset turns and all of the stuff is good.
Hunter Harrison: That's how way late wake at night worry about that in that regard. If something happens that I'm not aware of or there is some geopolitical or something happens in Washington or something like that but I mean this is a pretty simple formula of there something that most of us have been in our whole life and they'll have to do this railroad, and that's how we got to do to get these things accomplished. Now, I mean obviously look, people, when you take a 1000 people as an organization, that's a bit hit. It's a big saving right there. That's a lot of it, but the other thing that you look at, the rail cars, the train starts, the start and the yard starts with the closest to the hub. All those things, those are natural that kind of about working capital will be then go -- we weren’t going to be with the best part for some of these entirely. Retires, and these old up gear, they don’t like them anymore. So, we have moved a lot of profit there but this is going to happen.
Hunter Harrison: No. Look, there is some odds and ends that just pops every once a while with the individual move or something. Everybody goes through a little bit of that, but generally speaking I mean for instance then maybe they're here to point those kind of things out and obviously if they were there and I was coming, you might have been motivated to get them out of there. You have to and so no we are not going to demark and we're looking at marking.
Hunter Harrison: The second part, no we don't include any real-estate gain. The real-estate gain is it where they are and that's been discussed internally, are all gravy but I can tell you that the experience in the past, there are lots of opportunity up there, even now in Chicago. And it's a big number in my book and it's something that we will be sensitive to and talk to about. It's not going to drive the business but it certainly going to be in the bucket and the blender when we make certain operating decisions about where we operate from and locate and let me make sure I understood the first part of the question.
Hunter Harrison: There is not anything. Look, there is a lot of initiatives going on here that I am sure that I am not even aware of yet that but to my knowledge there is nothing of any large metrics that we are looking at what we’ve been both the knowledge just getting better what we do with the franchise that we have.
Hunter Harrison: No, I think you can have the industry leading margins, I think you will have. The only issue there in massive world is if I can get all that done before I have to go, I'd like to be here to cut the ribbon, that's kind of big deal it's just a little personal goal but there is no reason that structurally certain I know knowing that this railroad it can now become the greatest road in north America. If it's greatest in North America, it's probably greatest in the world. And let me just [indiscernible] people look at this. I went to Canada the first time as an American and meant not fun to begin with, but I got there and seeing it just can do with great restructuring coming out of that deal and it's impressive numbers but the one thing they did is a problem, do not expect the Canadian railroad to ever achieve numbers like the US rail, it's just not structurally possible until our operating ratio went to the leading operating ratio in North America. And then just what the US roads did. The US roads did, look we're going to improve but don't think we are ever going to reach the level of the Canadian road, it's just not structurally possible. So, it's got something new with what you're paid for exists and where do you reside, but it's the same vein, that whole board up here does mean that much.
Hunter Harrison: Well, thanks very much for joining us in a very simulating goal. Hopefully, we have answered all your questions. And I got a rental key. So, if you'll excuse me. Thanks.
Frank Lonegro: Thanks Hunter, and good morning everyone. Consistent with the transformation that we are undertaking through Precision Scheduled Railroading under Hunter’s leadership and knowing that you are eager to ask questions this morning, we are going to be very efficient in the way that we discuss the numbers. So with that as a backdrop, let us turn to Slide 7. The safety of our employees in the communities that we serve will continue to be a top priority for CSX and for this leadership team. While the personal-injury frequency index was 9% higher year-over-year the absolute number of injuries was down slightly, and that is part of our continuing drive towards the ultimate goal of zero injuries. Our train accident frequency index was 25% improved with substantially fewer reportable incidents. In terms of efficiency, we are continuing to drive both train length improvements and fuel efficiency gains, while our service levels remain stable on a year-over-year basis.
Frank Lonegro: Thanks Cindy. Those are great insights for the analysts and for the investors. Going forward as we implement Precision Scheduled Railroading you will see what we believe is a powerful combination of improved safety, improved service and improved efficiency that exemplifies a great railroad. We believe that that powerful combination will benefit employees, customers and shareholders alike. Turning to Slide 8, the GAAP view of our income statement highlights the 10% year-over-year top line improvement, which has been achieved through a combination of volume growth, higher fuel surcharge recoveries, favorable mix and value pricing.
Frank Lonegro: Well, thank you. We don't forecast size, but we have said overall, over time that we do have indexes on our contracts on the export side that when things go well we share some of those economics, and when things aren’t as well, we take some of that pain. Clearly this quarter, it wasn’t just export pricing that helped. We also see some pretty favorable mix and a lot of that mix we do expect to continue, but it of course, depends on where we see the utility business, for example, go in terms of resale replenishment of the inventories of through the years. So, I think there's a favorable mix story and favorable sort of going forward but I think it's unclear at this point how favorable it's going to be through the year.
Frank Lonegro: Amit, let me, it's Frank, let me take that one first and then turn it over to Hunter for additional commentary. In the targets that we gave you one of the things that we mentioned was record productivity embedded within that is obviously the prior record of $427 million in 2016 so clearly you can have your own estimate in terms of how much we will exceed that to a very good start in terms of the $123 million of efficiency. I think from just a line item perspective other than fuel you should expect us to continue to drive cost out across the board in terms of the various items there when you look at better service you look better productivity, you look at the ability to absorb volume with literally no additional cost associated with that, you get huge flow through from what your expectations are on the revenue side. So we are kicking one off cylinders here in terms of the volume side, the pricing side and the efficiency side so that's what gave us the confidence to put out the targets that we did this morning.
Frank Lonegro: Okay, one other point on the folks in India, there are contractors not employees but obviously we're going to in source that work and really look to absorb that with the existing workforce. I know Cindy also had some points, she wanted to make here.
Frank Lonegro: So, when we think about productivity and how, I would say keep score internally, we do look for structural cost reductions. So a big part of that record productivity, structural cost reductions meaning each line item in the expenses is going to get lower again I'm excluding fuel just given the price environment that we're in but we are focused on fuel efficiency as well. I think there as you can see from an incremental margin perspective, we're also a very good start with about 72% incremental for the first quarter when you understand what we're trying to do on the cost side and you will understand what the volume outlook looks like I would estimate that the incremental margins were actually improve throughout the year which is going to give you the bottom line to flow through the revenue that we are bringing up.
Frank Lonegro: I mean we have to emphasized call CSX, the coal has been the emphasize by the utility and so we want as much business as we can what is called, but we will deploy our strategy where we can capture the growth and create the bottom line value for CSX through excellent service to our customers.
Frank Lonegro: And certainly a focus on cash is important as you saw in the quarterly financial report we put out last night and the guidance we put out and we're certainly being transparent in terms of free cash flow and how we are calculating it and what the goals are for the year. So that's a new thing for us.
Frank Lonegro: Yes and we talked about it before over the time. In terms of the network itself, we're 95% double stack clear which is a critical as opposed to driving efficiencies. We are opening one new customer in a live space that we felt was needed which is in Pittsburgh in July and we are looking at longer term terminals that we announced in Carolina the CSX terminal we talked about and we are also to Hunter’s point earlier trying to see where their opportunities to leverage existing facilities and have perhaps combined things to create value that way. So, Hunter have been a great supporter in the franchise in what we are trying to do. And the essence of precision railroading is about running a scheduled network at a high level reliability and that is what we have been doing and we are going to do it more so going forward.
Frank Lonegro: Sure, so you are right. We started out the year with about 1.97 billion in core capital meeting before you get the positive train control. We trimmed little over a 100 million from that number as we gave you the free cash flow numbers for the year. What we really did was we looked at all of the network investments and then to pause some of those given the fact that we are making terminal changes operating plan changes we have higher expectations for service products and so we really got to give that sometime to sync in before we decide exactly where we want to deploy some of that network capital. And then, on some of the return seeking projects to the point Hunter made earlier, we really looked at ways that we can get there through better process, better execution of that process and better accountability etcetera. So, we found some opportunity on both of those category.
Frank Lonegro: Yes, we had a great discussion this week and obviously you have heard us reiterate the BBB+/Baa1. Today you saw the size of the program for the next 12 months obviously as we get more and more monthly quarters under our belt and we get an understanding of the free cash flow numbers both for coming quarters and coming years. We'll take a hard look at whether or not we are deploying the capital in the correct way to shareholders in the correct amounts and we always look at the balance sheet and try to determine what the appropriate place is given really the cyclicality of the business on the merchandise and intermodal side as well as the capital intent for the business and making sure we preserve the access to the marketplace that we need in tougher time. So, we want to stress test the numbers that we have internally to make sure if there is in fact a holding line or any can see decline that we can stomach that. So, we think we are on pretty good shape with good numbers up for you in the quarter and the forward guidance as well as the buyback and the dividends. So, right now we feel like in pretty shape.
Frank Lonegro: So, in terms of the share based compensation, obviously we book expense on that one onto the Black-Scholes model and we've done that in terms of the guidance that we've given you. In terms of the shareholder vote, obviously you heard David's opening remarks and we're not going to touch on that one. But the free cash flow number that we gave you for the year is excluding the existing restructuring charges and any subsequent restructuring charges that might happen in the second quarter.
Cindy Sanborn: Thanks Frank. Let me just add a little bit. First of all, it is very exciting to be working with Hunter here, and as the operating leader spend a lot of time with him. And so I will talk a little bit about the quarter, but I will talk about going forward how we are working on some of the items that Hunter has briefly alluded to this morning. First of all, as you would expect, and has always been the case for CSX safety is our highest priority, and we will continue to focus on that not only employee injury performance, but train accidents in order to improve or make sure that the communities that we operate through we operate through safely. Turning to productivity, in the first quarter we delivered $123 million worth of savings. Significant resource productivity drove this. Continued train length opportunities and reduction in crew starts, and also we saw some other support costs, particularly in engineering and mechanical labor cost also affecting us positively in the quarter. But I think what we really want to hit on here is how we think about our business going forward to drive to and in the past six weeks we have done a couple of key things I will just highlight this morning. One, we have adapted our operating plans to incorporate some of our unit train business into our merchandise business – merchandise service. And this allows us to do a couple of things, as you think about our 28 hour train dispatch, our variable train dispatch, we did that in order to improve our train length and we have done that and very successful with it. But I think what is helping us continue to move forward with train length and cycle time improvement is adding the vast network into the merchandise service, so now we can have a more balanced network with a more highly likely probability of seven-day a week service and still keeping the length of the trains where it is productive. This also serves our customers well as we are able to improve dwell time in our terminals as a result of these changes. The second item that we have been working on is reduce our – changing or converting our switching operations in some of our traditional pump yards into a flat yard model. We have 12 pump yards across the system. To date we have converted four of those over into flat switching operations. This has allowed us to reduce – support resource efficiencies, particularly in managing the infrastructure that is necessary to support in pump yards, in the pumping process, reduce that as well as at the end our plan has been focusing on improving the cycle times through those terminals. So we have been able to do both of those things. As we look forward, we expect to continue to reduce several pump yards. We don't have a hard and fast specific number. We look at each one individually. We will make sure we are making the right decisions to improve both productivity and service. And I would also say that as we look at our quarter one measurements, our network performance measurements we are seeing as we have implemented some of these changes I am talking about, improved dwell time, improved velocity across the network and we think that will compound the effect of some of the changes that we are making to lead us to feel very comfortable moving forward that will actually have record productivity in 2017 following our previous record productivity in 2015. So overall I think the team is doing very well coming together with some significant changes as we adjusted to the reductions in management headcount as part of our first quarter initiative. We saw a lot of change there and we are continuing to see change, and we are driving that effectively I believe, and we will continue to do so incorporating that into our business model going forward.
Cindy Sanborn: I just put it in a couple of broad categories as I think about it. [inaudible] mentioned the reduction in the management that took place last month, I think as you think about [inaudible] conversions and so forth those types of actions I would call core operations and we expect to do more of that. Volume absorption, we are seeing our outlook with a higher level of volume for us to move and we think we can absorb that of more efficiently than putting resources back one for one and then I would also say, some of the, looking back and some of the improvements that we have made other railroads [inaudible] I would call it network efficiency cars online velocity [inaudible] those types of things, we think will see improvement improvements there. So I would call that just network efficiencies going forward. And when you put all that together that's what's given us our confidence to move forward with that with another record here.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes David, I think we are always looking for efficiencies where we hand off car whether to the joint facility and then this car rail or IHP in Chicago and there's nothing that really jumps off the page but as we've said many, many times everything's on the table and if we can find opportunities, we will certainly take advantage of them.
Cindy Sanborn: That's really not an issue. It's in all of our best interest to serve our customer better and they just simply supply the last mile service and do a very good job of it and we work very closely together on making sure that the efficient and effective for customers.
Fredrik Eliasson: To just add a little color to that, if you look at the macroenvironment, several indicators support continued growth. Obviously the economy continues to grow at a modest pace, GDP in the 2% to 2.5% range for the full year and probably a similar pace in the second quarter itself. The consumer sentiment continues to be at high levels, which helps many of our markets especially the intermodal market. At the same time though the truck market right now continues to see excess capacity. But as we move through the year we do expect that to gradually improve in the second half and into ’18. And then, of course, on the favorable side export coal had a very strong year in the first quarter, 8.7 million tons that we moved in the first quarter. We do expect that to taper off as we move through the year, but we still think that an upper 20 million range in terms of tons for the full year on the export side is a good estimate at this point. As we think about some of the headwinds, we think that auto production is clearly flattening out, and we think for the rest of the year relatively flat. It is probably a good place to think about the auto business, and then while the core chemical market continues to grow at a nice pace we expect crude by rail to continue to decline both year-over-year and sequentially as we move through the rest of 2017. And then of course on the unfavorable side, we see our domestic coal business. We talked about it in the fourth quarter, we lost some short-haul business but despite that we did about 15 million tons here in the first quarter on the domestic side and we expect a similar pace in the second quarter. But as you saw in the first quarter the quality of the revenue and the impact to the bottom line is still very strong and we expect that to continue as we move through the year. It is obviously reflected in our RPU. So I would say overall we feel good about the top line. We continue to expect our merchandise and intermodal business to grow at or above the economy as a whole, and it is nice to see coal revenue to be growing a little bit here this year as well. And lastly and echoing Cindy’s comments earlier, we are very excited about what this operating model can do for CSX, not just in terms of the bottom line, but really what it can do for our customers. We are already seeing that from a service perspective both in terms of transit time, reliability and recoverability. So we feel very good about this change. 
Fredrik Eliasson: So let me take your first part of your question first. I would say that the majority of the [indiscernible] change was stable mix, with favorable mix on one hand that some of that short haul traffic obviously went away which was short in marginal but also we saw a more replenishment of utilities in the south versus last year where if you recall not for gas prices were tremendously low for design and then also on the export side we saw additional traffic going into the Virginia which is generally little bit of a export there that is longer length of haul so we had a couple of things that was favorable from a mix perspective that certainly helped so that was the majority of the driver that we saw. And then turning to question about the coal franchise to Hunter.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, this is just to clarify also and I am not sure that will really go to a question. The mix was obviously out of the same store sale number, which is why we are doing it. In fact, once again we don't forecast price but I think it's clear that we've been in a place over the last few years where there's been a fair amount of exits capacity in the marketplace and all our customers as Hunter alluded before have alternatives, so we have got a price-to-market. The key thing is, is I look forward now between what I think you guys write a lot about which is that there's a structural change coming and closing an attractable market with some of the ELD limitations and the shortage of drivers and hopefully getting to better placement and capacity perspective. And coupled that, what we're doing with this operating model where I already see a significantly improved service. I think there's an opportunity as we move into '18 to really capitalize on that. So we feel good about where we are, we've priced the market each and every day and as we move forward we will do the same.
Fredrik Eliasson: I see some opportunities on the stock market side I follow closely where things seems to be moving in the right direction. I do think that obviously if you see some of the -- and you thought this more than I do on the trucking side as there has been some challenges out there but I see that the light is coming close at the end of the tunnel and supply and demand should be getting to a better place as we move through the second half of the year end and take thing.
Fredrik Eliasson: But once I get, on the you have talked about the long term being ROA. ROAs half of it and operating ratio has got the other half of it. I just want to make sure you knew both of it.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. I would say that coming out of the I guess election, I am not sure it has anything to do with it but at the end of the year we did see little bit of up take in our volume and our projections through the year. I'm not sure that it's transferred into the macro numbers at this point but we did see a little bit more volume and perhaps who anticipated at the beginning of the year. We obviously also saw a coal market on the export side that improved beyond what we had anticipated originally even though we still expect it to taper off as we moved through the year. So, I would say that there is probably a slight increase in topline projection but it really isn't the foundation for what we did here in terms of the guidance that incremental change. It is the item that what we have done here over the last quarter or so to put ourselves in the position coupled with Hunter's arrival here and his operating model that has allowed us to do this.
Michael Ward: Thanks Fredrik. A very helpful again commentary for the investors and for the analysts. Let us finish up on Slide 11, with our first quarter results we are off to a very good start in 2017 and expect to accelerate the transformation to Precision Scheduled Railroading in the coming quarters. Earlier this morning you saw that we issued full year guidance, excluding restructuring charges. To that end in 2017 CSX expects to achieve a mid-60s operating ratio, record efficiency gains that you heard Cindy mention, EPS growth of around 25% off of 2016’s reported EPS of $1.81 and free cash flow before dividends of around $1.5 billion. In issuing these expectations we assume, of course, that the coal markets and the overall economy will remain stable. This morning we were also pleased to announce 11% or $0.02 increase in the quarterly dividend along with a new one-year $1 billion share buyback program. And finally we look forward to sharing our longer-term plans with you in the second half of the year.  With that we will be delighted to take your questions this morning.
Michael Ward: Yes, I mean I don't want to add more example that which you want to look at odd numbers just the achieve it. Taking on some initiative to take the 1000 position, those 1000 positions were a lot of more voluntary and there was store room that is what we are all position that has not touch any of the [inaudible] we are going to utilize the people internally we have, we are very sensitive to your comment about the disruption and the moral and we have at [inaudible] but it is a little higher when normal and so I think if you had the [inaudible] member on it and I haven’t got into that kind of level yet but I think the potential is there that sometime around the first half of the year by the end of, there would be probably be a similar number taken out also now we didn’t take any of those to take some real cost without impacting the service or safety or anything else. These are just a different ways to doing things. We are bringing some job own. We have, I don’t know all of that, 250 or 300 boys in India, we are reviewing those jobs back here but [inaudible] also some job but I am really [inaudible] worried about India right now I am worried about CSX [inaudible] America, so there is a lot of opportunity and I don’t think that there was a breach as far as we do the job and we have the ability to do that we can achieve all these things that we dealt that.
Michael Ward: Well. Overall just to look at it without starting to break it down, I think it's clear to me that the capital investment will come down overtime. It has been a good deal since the last few years about -- if you take a look at just what's been spent the last few years on locomotives you would say we are not going to have to do that for a while if we get 550-600 locomotives stored and I can know one of our previous experiences there that we count as numbers and we said well maybe we can take couple of year holiday for locomotives and we did and I think fifth year holiday. So well, we don't have to spend anything on locomotives generally for four, five years clearly a lot of the replacements that were issued with the yards are not there clearly if we have sighting that are too short for the longer train we are certainly not going to leave those sit on the ground and not being utilized so we will pick up 165 [indiscernible] railroad included with the another 6500 and that will we got 13000 and the only thing we capitalized is in the labor we don't have to capitalize the rail and so there is some ways save capital and another issue of overlook is this the better productivity you have with capital the more you can put in. the higher productive you are good in lower with 100 miles main productive stuff is the productivity factor -- but I think my numbers were that over three or four year period we can see 500-600 million reduction in the capital spend and then there are points where you will potentially trend back up and if we don't have something else like coming along to help with our capital spend and I am not big of some percent of revenue we should work that that way and out whatever is the revenue is but I think overall to answer your question there will be some positive for free cash flow out of the reduction in capital.
