Michael Ward: Well, thank you, Frank. As you heard today, CSX is taking action to manage the challenges of this dynamic marketplace. With currency and commodity prices to continue to impacting coal and several other merchandise markets in 2016, we will continue to match resources to the business environment. At the same time, we remain committed to delivering strong service that supports operating efficiency and creates customer value necessary to support strong pricing, which enhances our ability to invest for the future. Through these strategic investments and productivity initiatives, we are positioning the CSX network to leverage longer term opportunities for profitable growth in our merchandise and intermodal markets. As such, this management team absolutely believes that CSX can and will achieve a mid-60s operating ratio longer term. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Michael Ward: Well, I think the key thing is continued service excellence for value proposition with our customers. And that's what Cindy's team is doing a great job here as the resources have arrived to really provide the in-service excellence for our customers. So, we are pleased with the results here in the third quarter in terms of the same store sales. And, as you well know, you will be able to see that each and every quarter, as we move forward, in terms of what we are able to accomplish. But, strong pricing is a critical component of what we're trying to do from an overall value equation. It's one of the key levers we are pulling. And, as we tip to improve our service product, we feel good about what we are going to do going forward as well.
Michael Ward: Well, clearly, we have the challenges of coal we've discussed pretty extensively here. I think some of it depends on where the economy heads. Because, as you know, over the last two to three years, we have been growing those other businesses faster than the rate of the economic growth. If the economy improves, we think we can do that again next year. If it stays at a moribund rate, obviously, it's much more challenging.
Michael Ward: I think you're going to see us extremely focused on the productivity side. You saw evidence of that here in the third quarter, that same intensity we will bring to 2016. And we'll take actions to make ourselves more and more productive going forward.
Michael Ward: I guess we would add we do expect the Illinois basin coal to continue to grow. As you know, we made an investment last year in what we call our Casky yard, to allow us to move unit trains from the Illinois basin down into the southeast in a much more efficient manner. So it's not just looking at some assets tar less intense but also making sure we are positioned for the future growth.
Michael Ward: This is Michael again. I think it's probably a little early to look at that. Obviously, we are still going to be making investments in the base safety and efficiency of our network, but in addition, as we see our opportunities in the intermodal market growing, there will probably continue to be strategic investments there. So I think it's a little early to give you an overall number on that.
Michael Ward: Well, I think your summation of the fourth quarter is correct. It's probably too early for us to talk about the specifics on 2016. We have certainly gives you a lot of visibility into domestic and export coal and as we always do, we'll be focused on the things that are most within our control, right sizing the resources, driving efficiency, running a better railroad and value pricing and growing what we can grow with the markets.
Michael Ward: Well, I think evidenced today by the answers you have been getting from this new team we have in place, we have a super team here to drive us forward. I think we've got the talent we need. Our direction as a company is not changing. It's all about controlling the things we can control, growing where we can, and I'm very excited about it. I will be around. I have committed to at least another three years to the board to make sure that we have a good transition here as we work our way through this transition, but I feel very good about it, and I feel great about the team we have.
Michael Ward: Thank you. In terms of the long term guidance, again, you saw in our prepared remarks and in the press release, we are still confident in our ability to deliver a mid-60s operating ratio long term. I think the drivers are going to be the same drivers that you've heard us talk about over the long term, and those are the efficiency, the service and the value pricing and adjusting our resources to volumes as they tick up and tick down, but we're confident in that ability. In terms the mix, certainly mix will be an impact for us in the fourth quarter and moving forward but that doesn't change our confidence in our future that we will reach a mid-60s operating ratio longer term.
Michael Ward: Well, John, it's interesting that you mentioned. It may be a better way to look at it, just as the absolute dollars. Obviously, the fuel surcharge revenue is going down. And, as you know, it's not a profit element for us, but it clearly impacts those top line revenues and maybe that percentage. So, I think thinking of it in terms of absolute dollars may be the way we evolve over time.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, thank you, Eric, this is Frederick. On the domestic side, we are seeing the benefit of the investment and improving service product that we are seeing. We have been able to grow that business somewhere between 5% and 10% over last several years. We are seeing a little bit of an enhanced growth here this quarter, as we know one of our customers who has the contractual ability to further diversify the portfolio is doing just that here in the quarter. So we are seeing a little bit of an uptick in the growth with that customer right now beyond what we would normally see, but we feel good about that business, feel good about the ability to continue to grow that at a multiple economic output for a period of time here going forward. On the international side, we are experiencing growth with several of our existing customers. We have lost several contracts over the last 12 to 18 months, but overall we feel very good about our network reach and the service that we are providing, and so we feel good about that business going forward and we want to make sure that we continue to reinvest in that business, a critical goal of ours as we move forward.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. This is Fredrik again. In terms of the domestic coal, Frank gave you a view there in terms of that sequentially, after we are going to be down, at 20% year-over-year is our estimate in the fourth quarter. Sequentially from there, that run rate of about 21 million tons or so for domestic as a whole is a good place to think about next year. And really there are two drivers behind that, one is that our -- at this point, we are being dispatched last because of where natural gas prices are, so that is not going to shift as we move into next year unless natural gas prices come up. Obviously, it would be a very different and more appealing picture, but there are two drivers behind it. One is the fact that we have probably about 3 million tons that we are moving this year that we will not see next year because of planned closures; and then the second driver is, as we look at the inventory levels at utilities that we serve, they are still at elevated levels. So we are going to have some headwinds next year and that's kind of the foundation. And that 21 million tons that I alluded to, which is the sequential quarterly run rate, is probably about 15 million tons on the utilities side and about 6 million tons on account of that net coke and iron ore. On the export side, I think what we've said is that we did about 18 million tons in the first half of this year. We are in a run rate with implied guidance that we've given of 30 million tons -- of 12 million tons in the second half. And as I think about the second half run rate, I think that's a good run rate if you analyze that, so 24 million tons for next year. We will have a much better sense as we get to the fourth quarter because we are obviously in a market right now to try to see what we can do, especially on the steam side, and it is a much more difficult environment even today than it was just six months ago, so we are working through that but we will have a better sense of export market as we get to the fourth quarter earnings release.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I do think and just going back to your first point, you know, we do look at pricing as being critical in terms of what we are doing and we said this for a long time, strong pricing is paramount to our long-term success financially. That's a key driver for us going forward as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I do think that, and just going back to your first point, we do look at pricing as being a critical component to what we are doing. And we've said this for a long time, that strong pricing is absolutely paramount to our long-term success financially. So, that is a key driver for us going forward, as well. In terms of the truck market, it's clearly sequential over the last, probably, four to six months, it has gone softer. But you also have to remember that, if you look at where truck prices are today, versus the beginning of last year, they are still up significantly. And we have only been able to touch portions of our contract base. So, I think you know that in our merchandise business, only about half of our business is up on the annual basis. And most of our other businesses, they are mostly 3 to 5 year contracts. We do feel that we will have good opportunities to reflect what the value we have in the marketplace, and with improving service on top of that, we do feel good about our pricing opportunities going forward as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, so in terms of the coal yields overall, not just on domestic, but on the export, if you look at the book of business as a whole, there are three, really, drivers there. One hand we are clearly getting core pricing in that business and we expect to continue. Clearly, the export side is very difficult right now, but on the domestic side, we are getting some good core pricing. On the fixed variable, was clearly also a big driver here in the third quarter, as the volume came down significantly, about 20% of the utility contracts have that sort of structure, in terms of their contractual nature. And then also lapping, fully lapping the significant pricing declines that we took in our export market in the second half of last year, having fully lapped that was also very helpful as well. So we have three drivers. As we move forward, I think you are going to continue to see the export market being very challenged. And there's little opportunity, if any, to really improve pricing there. But, on the rest of the market, we are going to continue to see what the -- what the value proposition is. And we are going to look, plant by plant, to see what we can do.
Fredrik Eliasson: I don't, right now, see that that's changing materially. But as we go through the normal sort of negotiations, that might change. But, right now, I don't see that changing materially.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think, to Tom's dismay, a few questions earlier; we tried to stay away from specifically forecasting our pricing. Mix will always play an impact in it. But, ultimately, the same store sales, I think, is the best way to look at our pricing. So, we are going to continue to do what we can to make sure we capture the value that we provide in the marketplace and then let the chips fall where they fall in terms of what the ultimate number will be.
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Fredrik. Let me just clarify the coal guidance. There are two pieces to it. One is the domestic guidance where we said that we expect the fourth quarter to be down about 20%, and from that absolute level, which implies in 20% decline, about 21 million tons total for domestic, that that's a good run rate going forward by quarter for 2016. The second half guidance is really related to the export coal market where we said we did about 18 million tons in the first half of this year and implied in the guidance of 30 is that you are doing 12 in the second half. And I think that 12 million-ton, if you analyze that, it gets you to you 24 million tons in 2016. That's a good starting point at this point. They are still in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter. We have a lot of work to do here to see what ultimately gets placed, but our best estimate, just to give you as much transparency as we can on the export side, is that's probably a good starting point for 2016. On the EPS, Ken, yes, the property sale below the line a nickel and then we have said a few pennies in the combination of the union agreement in the coal structure and I'll let you draw your conclusions from there.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, in terms of the fuel reference that you made there, I think overall it's important to remember that our fuel surcharge on our intermodal business is different than the rest of the business. It really mirrors the trucker. So it really does not come into play that much in terms of what fuel does in regards to how much we can and can't convert. We are still seeing good vibrancy. There is no doubt, though, that at least on a spot basis right now that the truck rates have come down. But on the contractual side continues to have, as far as we can see, a pretty good rate increase on the contractual side, because I think people are cognizant of what will happen longer term, both in terms of driver retention and some of the negative productivity initiatives that the trucking industry is facing. So obviously, we'd like to see it get sequentially stronger from where it is today, but knowing where the contract rates are, and the fact that if you go back a year and a half, rates have come up quite significantly since then on the trucking side. We still feel that it's a good opportunity, both to convert traffic and to continue to have good pricing vibrancy.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think that's a little bit too early to tell, but clearly with this sort of a significant decline in our coal business, it is going to be difficult to do that. What we are going through right now is our normal planning process and look at the rest of the business to see what we're facing. There are some opportunities for continued growth in several markets. In several markets, though, we are facing both significant volume from last year that gets the year-over-year comps difficult for the rest of this year and perhaps even a little bit into the first quarter. And we are continuing to see the negativism impact on the dollar and the lower commodity prices as well. So as we think about the book as a whole, there is a lot of dynamics that goes into planning for next year, but we continue to feel good about some of the secular things that we are seeing out there like domestic intermodal, for example. So we will have a much better view of that as we get into the fourth quarter and especially as we get to the fourth quarter earnings release.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I think that if you look at some of the core tenants of our economy, such as the housing and the automotive side, you continue to see good vibrancy, obviously growth from a low base in housing and auto being at the peak demand, but continued expectations for growth there. The core chemical business is also doing okay. And then with the lower fuel prices, I think the consumers are feeling a little bit stronger. But then you do have the energy side that you talked about and the fact that if you look at kind of the broad industrial production index, you see industrial production sequentially coming down. And I think the latest number I saw for the fourth quarter was actually that industrial production will actually decline year-over-year. So I think you have a lot of different variables that goes through right now. Clearly, we are very much dependent on the industrial economies. That's a big driver of ours. But at the same time, we do our -- we are getting more and more exposure to the consumer side of things as we continue to grow our intermodal business. That's helping to offset that. So, without saying anything more than the fact that it's a dynamic environment and we are recognizing the industrial side of things are struggling sequentially, we still feel good about our long-term prospects in terms of being able to grow our business.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, this was the residual contracts we already know about. I think we pointed out, in our second quarter earnings release as well. And, so nothing has really changed from that perspective. We continue to be focused on our network and continue to be focused on the service product that we are producing. And making sure that whatever we carry on our network allows us to continue to reinvest in the business.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I do think that that's a good point. We are seeing that the inventory levels are coming up. I think we referred to it in our paper market, for example. And as you look at some of the official statistics out there, you have seen an increase in customer inventory. So, that certainly is playing a factor here in terms of the more muted volume outlook.
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Frederik again. I do think we're going to stay away from specific guidance. We are pretty transparent already in terms of the same store sales that we provide you in terms of a look back in the previous quarter. Intermodal is always the most difficult one to get sustained inflation plus pricing, but nevertheless, based on the fact that we haven't been able to touch as many contracts as we would like since the beginning of last year, we do feel good about where we are heading on pricing going forward.
Fredrik Eliasson: You know, we have considered that. At the same time, we are railroaders and not stock pickers so we've also done some post-audit work on prior programs and really looked at whether or not a rateable approach or a timing approach was better and we are sticking with a rateable approach. So you can anticipate a similar run rate to what you saw in the third quarter.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, I think we continue to be focused on the intermodal side specifically, on making sure that we continue to reinvest in the business. We have a great service product. We have a strong network. We have some very innovative things in terms of what we have done with our hub and spoke system that gives us a network that I think is unparalleled in the east. And as we move forward, we always will have a contract that comes up and we will have some wins and losses over time. The key thing for us, as I said, we've got to make sure that we continue to reinvest in our business. And that's how we judge in terms of how we look at and how we approach contracts.
Cindy Sanborn: Okay, Brian, this is Cindy. Frank mentioned that we are analyzing and looking at what we need to harvest from our existing coal network, where we have seen the most significant declines in Appalachia. We haven't announced anything yet, but we have plans to do so and stay tuned on that one.
Cindy Sanborn: Chris, I think everything is on the table. And as far as whether it would be facilities or lines, I think you will understand and appreciate that we want to be able to talk about those things internally before we do externally, but there's really not anything that's not on the table.
Cindy Sanborn: I think where we are with locomotives, our active locomotives have decreased in terms of number sequentially from quarter one to quarter two to quarter three and to accomplish that, we are returning leases and we are also paying back horsepower hours. So those are the outputs, what we're moving out of the active count. We are, as you mentioned, getting new locomotives. We have 65 yet to receive in the fourth quarter and another 65 rebuilds, of which a portion of those are 4X, locomotives for our local fleet. Overall, we intend to manage demand by storing locomotives as the next option to take out any excess that we would have. And you mentioned the purchases in 2016 also that, yes, we are receiving 100 in 2016. But we will manage our locomotive fleet based on demand and obviously balancing that with service.
Cindy Sanborn: So, as I mentioned before, I think we will continue to see steady improvement in service performance. As far as 2013, I mean, that's certainly aspirational for us. I really can't give you that, at this point. It's a balance of -- of both service, which obviously our customers expect of us. We want that to be very reliable, but we also have to manage the efficiency component of that as well. So, that's kind of the place that we are in and figuring out what -- when we will get back to 2013.
Cindy Sanborn: I don't think it's changed. I think it's just simply balancing -- making the balancing act in an environment where we are seeing the reduction in volumes that you heard us talk about.
Cindy Sanborn: Good morning, John. I think what you will see is we are pretty far along in the adjustments that we are making for longer trains in our merchandise network. We are also, as an aside, increasing the length of trains in our bulk network too. So we are taking -- we are pushing both levers. What is great about the variable train schedule is, as demand requires, we can flex up and flex down. So, I think it will be a continuing effort on our part to match demand in what is traditionally been a fairly fixed -- what we considered fixed network on our carload side. So, I don't know that the answer -- I think the answer is we are probably not ever done, but a principle and preponderance of the work has been done, based on the demand that we are seeing right now. And I couldn't remember your second question.
Cindy Sanborn: Passing siding. So, I think we are evaluating really where we are in the corridors that we need to adjust the length of passing sidings. We are really in the middle of that now. So, there's some corridors that are more impactful to us than others. Obviously the northern tier is mostly double track. What we are going to be working on is in the southern part of our network that is preponderance of single track.
Cindy Sanborn: I think from a train perspective, I think we have taken advantage of our northwest Ohio expansion and actually have reduced some train-- or increased some train length on our intermodal network as a result of that. But we do have capacity on the trains for the foreseeable volume that we think we will see. And I will remind you, we have done a lot of work on double stack clearances and so forth as well. So, we feel pretty good about where we are there.
Cindy Sanborn: Well, I think when we look at our -- the coal network, it's a kind of spaghetti branch-line kind of operation with some main lines in between. As we are seeing some of the loaders -- load outs either closing and consolidating, it is our -- we have an effort afoot here to try to figure out where the best efficiencies are. Some of it will be mainline operation; some of it will be facilities. Clearly, the capital investments have been over time not, maybe, transparent externally, but have been, over time, coming down. That will continue to take place. And as we really lose open a particular branch or a particular line volume there; we can also look at repositioning some of the assets into other parts of our network where we are growing. And back to the siding capacity question that I got a few minutes ago. There's kind of a multifaceted way that we are looking at it, but as you can imagine, it's a very complex challenge because we want to certainly serve the customers that are loading. It is very profitable business for us, and as you probably would recognize, not everybody is on one branch is closing. We have multiple examples of places where we have got some closing, some not, that we have to look at how we are going to serve. So that project is underway, and I probably can't give you more color than that.
Cindy Sanborn: So, as far as productivity, we obviously want to be a reliable network and serve our customers, but we are we are probably never satisfied on the productivity side. When you look at velocity and, to your point, take it a step back, we are seeing a concentration of volume on one portion of our network and we are seeing a tremendous reduction in volume on other parts of our network. So you've got a compression there on top of building longer trains that we talked about, which in a single track railroad can be a little bit challenging, at least at the onset, until we make maybe a few investments there. I wouldn't say we have a target with cars online. With volume running well, you don't want that number to ever get to zero. You want to be able to serve your customers and you want to be able to do it efficiently and effectively. I think our viewpoints on going forward, it's probably on the productivity side, the cycle time of equipment, and to a lesser extent maybe the velocity side, although that is an important component in terms of turning assets, but the asset component is really where we'll be spending the most of our time.
Cindy Sanborn: Yes, and we've talked about that on previous calls that we are seeing the span on our arrivals decrease. And that has continued into the third quarter. So while the absolute number is exactly what with you see, we are seeing the amount of lateness, if you will, go down. And this is occurring as we are doing some tremendous -- I talked about tremendous and significant changes to our operating plan. So we expect that to get to more normalized levels going forward.
Frank Lonegro: Right. So, publicly, we've announced that we have a tentative agreement with some of our mechanical unions which would imply, if ratified, a slight cost in this quarter, and then benefits as we go forward into next year and beyond, based on labor efficiencies there. But we are not going to quantify that right now, until everything gets ratified by the unions.
Frank Lonegro: Yeah, we said a few pennies and we bundled a couple of things together, there that are above the line. The union agreement that I just mentioned. And then some of the coal structural things that Cindy had talked about previously.
Frank Lonegro: Thanks, Alex, it's Frank. You are right. We saw a little bit over $40 million in productivity in the quarter and also delivered over $70 million in volume-related cost reductions. Sometimes that gets left out of the conversation, but for the fourth quarter, I think you should you expect a similar productivity level from us that you saw in the third quarter and, again, volume costs ought to come down in line with the volume declines as well. For the full year, as you probably remember, we started the year with approaching $200 million as our productivity target, and throughout the year we helped you understand that that would be more and more challenging as volumes came down and our mix began to change, and we're now targeting the full year 2015 productivity to be approximately $160 million. And, again, that's in addition to the volume right-sizing that we're doing as we take resources as volumes decline.
Frank Lonegro: Hey, it's Frank. Yeah, there sure was. In the quarter, we had inflation of $33 million, which is slightly higher than you are normally seeing. The base wage inflation was normal. We did have a fringe adjustment related to employee furloughs. So, you should expect a more normalized $25 million run rate in the fourth quarter.
