Michael Ward: Well thank you David and good morning everyone. Last evening we reported second quarter earnings per share of $1.07, up 51% on a continuing basis from the same period last year. These results were driven largely by volume improvement in a recovering marketplace, the ability to value price our services and strong safety, service and productivity on our railroad. Looking at revenues broadly, they increased 22%. Volume was the biggest driver at 13%, while pricing and fuel cost recovery made up the rest. We took on higher levels of traffic profitably as our employees continued to find new ways to operate more efficiently. They continue to demonstrate our culture of accountability and results. The combination of higher revenues and strong productivity resulted in an all time record financial results including an operating income of $768 million, up 33% from the prior period and a 240 basis point improvement in our operating ratio to 71.2%. We are on the right path in creating value for our customers to help them compete in today’s economy. As a result, we are also delivering strong financial results for our shareholders. We remain confident in our ability to grow, drive operating leverage and produce strong financial results going forward. With that I’ll turn it over to Clarence.
Michael Ward: Thank you, Oscar. So summing up, CSX employees have delivered another excellent quarter in a recovering market environment. While the economy remains dynamic, our markets overall continue to improve and our outlook remains positive. At the same time, CSX has demonstrated it can be successful in a wide array of economic conditions. For the long term, we are well positioned to deliver on the nation’s growing need for freight transportation. At the same time, our ability to meet that need depends on a regulatory framework that allows us to invest back into our network. We are still active in Washington, focused on finding a constructive solution. In the meantime, the employees of CSX will continue to do what we do well, deliver. When we do that, we stand out as a unique value for our customers, our investors and our nation. With that, we will be glad to take your questions.
Michael Ward: Let me address. This is Michael. I think we’ve seen some increase in activity as you know and then clearly we continue to value price what our services are. I think we are delivering good value and we work through the STB process. In some cases, the mediation has worked. When it doesn’t, then we are going to continue to defend our prices because we think they are fair and reasonable. And so, I think it is just what’s happening at this point. And again, we’re continuing to work cooperatively with most of our customers to resolve these on an amiable basis.
Michael Ward: We gave guidance earlier in the year of 4% to 5% and we think that our base business is in that range and absent the export coal, we think the pricing would be above rail inflation, within our guidance. The export coal is the thing that provides the results we’ve seen that are somewhat higher in the first half. We don’t know if it will drive that same level of year-over-year increase in the second half at this point.
Michael Ward: You may recall we normally enter into five-year contracts and the past one, we rear end loaded the increases toward the end of the contract which obviously has the good NTB [ph] for us. So as Oscar was saying as we move into the new contract we would expect to see more normalized increases.
Michael Ward: Well, it’s hard to gauge that. Obviously the Senate calendar is very crowded at this point. We continue to stay engaged in Washington concerning that. But yeah, here is really the bottom line; you know we have to create jobs in this country by making our goods more competitive in the global economy and freight rail is essential to our competitiveness worldwide. So we are still very hopeful that policy that will allow us to continue to earn enough to invest is what should come out of this. In the last five years, we, the major railroads have invested over $40 billion and even that level of investment, every government study says that that pace is still not going to be enough transportation infrastructure for the next 20 years. So, we are still continuing to push to make sure we have adequate earnings to continue to invest in our infrastructure.
Michael Ward: Well, the Senate Congress Committee staff at this point is I think reevaluating a lot of things here. We’ve as an industry made known our issues and our concerns. At this point, we stand ready to sit with them any time they are ready to sit down and continue the dialogue.
Michael Ward: Chris, we had some concern that came out at the Steel Conference in New York two weeks ago, about a little concern, and maybe some possible slowdowns on a worldwide basis in the second half. We haven’t seen that happen yet. In fact, our business has stayed fairly good in the steel side and the steel capacity is still above 70%. In the rest of our businesses, actually people’s body language is much better than it’s been in the recent past.
Michael Ward: We are basically on schedule for our implementation by 2015. There are still some equipment manufacture issues that are still being worked through. They probably need to pick up the pace a little bit. We are in dialog with them about that. We still continue to press with the FRA that we think 2008 is the appropriate benchmark for gauging the TIH traffic versus -- I mean, we are pressing for 2015 instead of 2008 as they’ve postured. We are still in dialog with them. We are continuing to push to see whether there is potential for an investment tax credit to provide some relief to this expense. But it’s the law, it’s a mandate, we will obey it and at this point we still think we are on schedule to meet those requirements.
Michael Ward: Well, the capacity constraints, we are actually addressing some of those both at the port of Baltimore and at Newport News. So we think the number is north of 30 million, somewhere in the neighborhood of right as it exists today, around 35 million tons and that is [ph] the capacity. And that excludes any saying through any improvements that are being made through the Port of Mobile for Southern Appalachian coals that’s going out. So that covers your question on the capacity end. Now what's the question on the…
Michael Ward: Your other question was on the kind of a low end, you used the 24-25. We probably think of the normal run rate over the last couple of years in the export, more in the 21-ish kind of number.
David Brown: Thank you Clarence and good morning everyone. As we have communicated before, leadership, discipline and execution continue to be the foundation of our company’s strong operational and financial performance. During the second quarter as volume continued to build, our operating team delivered solid safety results, improved productivity and consistent network performance. We delivered another quarter of year-over-year improvement in FRA Personal Injury Frequency as we continue to be a leader in one of the nation's safest industries. Productivity gains helped produce record financial results including an operating ratio that improved 240 basis points to 21.2% as Michael mentioned earlier. Finally, our network remained very fluid and key service measurements remained stable as business volumes increased. Now let’s look at some of the details. Slide 18 shows second quarter FRA Personal Injury and Train Accident rates over the last four years. In the second quarter, the Personal Injury rate improved 14% versus the prior year to 1.13 with 13 fewer injuries. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter that we have registered year-over-year improvement. Although performance continues to improve, our goal is zero. Looking at train accidents, the second quarter frequency rate increased slightly to 2.78. While stable with the levels we’ve seen over the last four years, we are not satisfied with this result and we hold ourselves accountable for continuous improvement. This quarter safety results were achieved through effective leadership and a sustained effort by all of our employees. Now let’s look at our service performance on slide 19. Overall, we are pleased with our network performance in the second quarter. All measures rebounded from the first quarter and the network remained fluid as volume increased. On the left side of the chart, on time originations and arrivals, both declined slightly year-over-year, but they remained stable at the levels we have experienced over the last several years and continue to support efficient and reliable train operations. On the right side of the chart, measures of overall network performance including both velocity and dwell also remained stable at high levels with volume continuing to build in the second quarter. Moving to slide 20, let's look at key resources. This chart shows the year-over-year change in volume and key resources and reflects the operating leverage, evident in our quarterly financial results. Here, the 13% volume increase in the second quarter is reflected in the gold bar on the chart. Moving down the chart, road, local and yard crew starts did increase in the quarter but at a rate below the volume increase. When feasible, incremental volume was added to existing trains, spilling available capacity and avoiding incremental crew starts. In total, crew starts increased 6%, well below the 13% increase in volume. Active train and engine employees in locomotives which track closely with crew starts also increased their rates less than volume, generating operating leverage in the quarter. As the economic recovery continues, we will take advantage of the opportunities to generate additional operating leverage while adding resources as required to capture volume growth and to provide reliable service for our customers. Now, let's look at resources from a historical perspective. This chart shows the number of active train and engine employees and locomotives deployed in the second quarter over the last five years. As shown on the previous slide, both resources have increased to support higher business levels in the quarter. However, you can also see that both remain well below the peak levels of 2006 after which freight volumes started to decline. Bottom line, we still have room to grow and we will continue to manage resources closely to meet customer needs while at the same time, taking advantage of the opportunities to drive further operating leverage. Now let's wrap up on the final slide. Looking forward, we will build on our safety performance as we pursue our ultimate goal of zero injuries and accidents. We will drive increased productivity, control costs and manage resource levels closely as volumes grow. Finally, the network will remain fluid and efficient while providing reliable service for our customers. Our employees continue to hold themselves and each other accountable for providing reliable service safely and efficiently which delivers value to both our customers and our shareholders. Now, let me turn the presentation over to Oscar to review the financials.
David Brown: That’s really dependent on the quarter we’re operating in and the type of trains. We certainly do have additional capacity overall. We think that to be around 10% or so for our general merchandise traffic and in the Intermodal traffic we’re looking at 15% to 20% in most lanes. So we have additional capacity that we’ll be filling as we bring on additional volume. We also have resources still available to bring back in, in terms of additional furloughed conductors, a few of those left were about 260 or so. And then we have some locomotives, we have sitting out in storage about 160 of those. So we can bring on additional resources as we need to generate additional train starts, but we’re at first of course looking to fill up existing trains and continue to gain the operating leverage we’ve shown in the recent past.
David Brown: Scott, we continue to push initiatives to increase the train size and that’s part of our TSI program which is implemented fairly well now. So we’re looking at numbers. The vast majority, 75% to 80% of our trains are that size or larger. We do still continue to have some that are a little bit shorter and all they have to do is either mostly receiver capacity limits. So we will continue to work with our shippers and receivers and increase productivity on our coal trains and we’ve seen a lot of success on that in the recent past.
David Brown: It really is a reflection of the fluidity of the network and we watch those internal measurements as well as the ones you see with velocity and dwell that are sort of the key components to moving cars on and off the system as productively as possible and that’s how we're managing that number to keep it as stable as possible and it’s been successful.
David Brown: The Intermodel numbers as I mentioned earlier, we had same-store sales positive increases on the domestic side, mainly as a result of the trucking prices going up.
David Brown: In terms of resources, we’re really tight in the sense of the things ahead of the most critical lead times, hiring new conductors, training engineers, that’s all continuing now at a path where we are going to cover attrition, plus the additional growth that we anticipate. So we can plan that out pretty well and have been pretty good at hitting the targets that we need to hit to make sure those resources are available. Locomotive-wise, we still have a pretty good number of locomotives available, so that’s another critical resource that we continue to maintain readiness with a surplus that’s available for growth. We look at lanes, when we look at sort of I-95 corridor, we see tendency there for trains to be a little more full and some pretty good volumes moving across that part of our network. But there is a lot of capacity there, and we can take advantage of that for growth. We have mentioned Intermodal and when we look at train volume increase potential, we see that the most potential is in the Intermodal side of our business, so we see we can add volume to most of our Intermodal trains, at least into the low double digit, 10%, 12%, 15%. So, we feel pretty good about our current ability to expand the existing train plan, to handle additional business and we are always planning ahead, we went through a lot of planning tools and effort to be sure we are prepared to bring on additional resources before they are needed, but at the time we are ready for it.
David Brown: Ben, we really are pushing to try to push those measurements up as we can originations and arrivals in particular, there are things in it that reflect on productivity of our resources. We believe the levels you see now are levels we should improve, so we are not looking to go back in ‘08, ‘07 type of level, and most of those measurements we’re looking to go beyond where we are today and continue to improve those. To get them to the highest sustainable level we can that we’re really achieve a level of reliability that produces the best value we can for our customer.
David Brown: I think we can achieve similar level as ‘09, I mean it depends on the measurement that we are talking about. Like for example, the loss of ‘09 is a little different this year because the mix has changed somewhat with a little bit more coal involved but as we continue to grow on those various segments, I always encourage looking at the measurements for example, velocity looking at the segment velocity year-over-year and thinking about those volumes and how you see them changing as we report. And I think you can see that sort tells the story of fluidity that’s sustainable at the ‘09 type high watermarks but the number may not average to be exactly that number but overall the fluidity reflects that.
David Brown: Sure, Michael. Well, we are talking about a TSI initiative which really does focus on the first mile, last mile reliability for our customers and really with a intent to encourage growth because of an increasing reliability over time. So we are really kind of excited about this new initiative and we’ve got a lot of energy around it, a lot of teams have been started to begin working on that. We've gotten a lot of direct communication with our customers about the potential value of that. So that's something you will be hearing more about going forward and it’s something we believe will produce some results for us that are very exciting.
David Brown: There is one factor that's significant, and that is we did have our leased fuel-efficient locomotives and storage hit a fairly high number last year, about 500 more in storage in Q2 last year as opposed to this year. So as we got into additional volume and brought those locomotives back out of storage, they are less fuel efficient, very reliable but at the same time it did affect our fuel economy slightly.
David Brown: We believe that we’ll continue to show very similar to our prior results and again the little change here in the sense that we had so many store last year, but otherwise we're going to continue forward with our fuel economy initiatives and doing things that continue to make our fleet more economical.
David Brown: Our domestic box fleet right now is about 23,000, where our partner UP with the UMAX program is in the process of adding boxes around 4,000 to that fleet. Box availability on the West Coast is extremely tight right now as well as, trucking capacity being tight there. Our utilization in that UMAX fleet, as I mentioned earlier, is extremely good. So those are all positive factors.
David Brown: We measure Intermodal several categories but generally higher up to our premium number runs in about the high 90s, 95s and 99% for more premium Intermodal service and other Intermodal services in the 80s range, so it’s certainly the high end of that average.
Oscar Munoz: I think on your question of course all things are possible, we don’t have any limits to our level of success, but for now I think we will just stick with what we’ve said with regards to a very strong operating ratio performance for the year.
Oscar Munoz: Hey, it's Oscar. I would probably go back to the more historical levels. I think the economy, I think we were having a nice growth, but it’s beginning to stabilize a little bit. And given that, I would go back to some of the historical sort of second quarter being peak.
Oscar Munoz: I think as business begins to build and as our network gets back to sort of its full operating aspect, you will begin to see more and more resources applied to that and then I think it's important that we provide the right level of service. So I think there would be some narrowing of the gap but again, understand that our concept of operating leverage for the back half of this year still remains a very, very positive viewpoint.
Oscar Munoz: I think as David would attest, it is important for us to look ahead in this business. So we’ll begin to continue to hire and train in the next couple of quarters, in anticipation of the attrition that normally happens in our business. So I see relatively flat numbers but on a year-over-year basis, kind of that same 1% to 2% that we guided to last quarter for second quarter. We came a little bit below it but I’d stay with the 1% to 2% in the third.
Oscar Munoz: You know what, I don’t have that number ahead of me. So we’ll post you as we get near that timeframe. But traditionally the normal inflationary increases that I think when we talked about the ones for this year were higher in 2010 versus what we had expected in 2011. So we think they would revert back to a little bit more of a normalized number rather than the high numbers we have this year.
Oscar Munoz: We, probably after the $576 million and 10 million shares we did this quarter, we are probably down to slightly below $1 billion of authority left. Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Co. $1 billion left.
Oscar Munoz: I think as we look forward, there is no specific timing for that. We always talk about our balance deployment, of capital back to shareowners and we’ll continue that process over the next few quarters.
Oscar Munoz: The tailwind that we experienced in the first quarter was roughly $30 million. I think probably the headwind we encountered in the second was equal of nature, so netting neutral for the first half of the year. I think as you look forward, I think the forward curve is fairly flat. So at least from our forward planning, we are not expecting a lot on the lag side over the next couple of quarters.
Oscar Munoz: No, it was a couple of unique items to the quarter, Sal, and so you are exactly right, the leases, some payments from other railroads that we settle up every once in a while all just happened ahead of the second quarter.
Oscar Munoz: Generally that line tends to move with volume. David has been running it so well that it doesn't always quite measure up. We usually do better than that.
Oscar Munoz: I think our expectation for this year, were very, very strong feelings in that 30 million ton range. We don’t think there’s significant downside from there.
Clarence Gooden: No, we have seen volumes come back. We are very fluid and it's not really reflection of a loss in fluidity at all. We are working of course to improve those numbers. We did have almost a month of the quarter where we had one of our four western gateways out of business because of the significant flow [ph] and that did cause some re-routing and some shifting around in traffic which does impact those measures but they remain very fluid and we're confident about improving them in the future.
Clarence Gooden: If I understood the three questions, the first one is the recent weakness in the coal volumes and what's happening in our coal business right now is miner's vacation is occurring and that's on a rolling basis over about a two to three week period. The second factor that’s caused some of that decline was a pause in some of the sheer volumes of export shipments specifically to China. On your second question which was -- help me again.
Clarence Gooden: We’re standing on our 30 million ton export number, although there has been some weakening in our European markets and some weakening and pausing in the China markets. What that has net resulted in is less upside than we thought we are going to have when we were first estimating export tonnage to be at 30 million tons, so we'd think the 30 million is still a solid number. And then on our take-or-pay contracts, the preponderance of our export contracts will have liquidated damage provisions in them, but understand, Scott, if you will that we really don’t want to do the liquidated damages, we actually make money, more money when we haul the coal.
Clarence Gooden: This is Clarence. I think what you’re seeing at this run rate here is what you are going to see in the second half. Remember that it’s primarily the reason we are above our guidance is driven mainly by export coal. When you take export coal out of the equation, we are in the 4% to 5 % on our pricing same-store sales.
Clarence Gooden: Gary, the UMAX volumes have been extremely good. First off, the service levels on UMAX are absolutely the best in the country. Their equipment turn times and utilization on the UMAX have exceeded anything that we’ve seen. And thirdly, the increase in the volumes really was beyond what we had expected if you’ll recall in our first quarter call. So it’s been all positive.
Clarence Gooden: In terms of volume, those numbers would have been on a quarterly basis about 15,000 and that would have been strictly the volumes that move off the CSX core, never moved on the CSX railroad and a lot of those volumes again were replaced now with interline divisional volumes.
Clarence Gooden: No, they’re improving, unless the haul was all over the eastern core where we had lost in the revenue per unit was on the transcon moves but both our domestic and international business on the same store sale basis, we had positive price gains.
Clarence Gooden: Well I think there are several things driving the Intermodal increases. Firstly, the international segments of business both on the East Coast and the West Coast are up. Secondly, is that the domestic volumes moving off the highway and in the UMAX program, the fact that we are now able to put asset-based carriers on the containers where we couldn’t in the CSXU [ph] program that proved to be positive. And in fact on August 1, in the TransPacific trade there is a peak surcharge that’s going in place, so you are seeing all the vessels that are in the TransPacific trade are full and you are starting to see cargo rotated at the ports in Asia to secondary vessels coming to the West Coast. So it looks very positive to us and for growth here in the third quarter.
Clarence Gooden: There was a couple of three areas that we had. Our export phosphate increased in terms of volume which would have a negative impact on mix.
Clarence Gooden: That’s right. We threw the prototype [ph] out of the Bone Valley. Our aggregate shipments as a percent in the north picked up and they tend to be on an RPU basis slightly lower and we had less river coal versus our southern utility coal which carries a higher RPU. That had a positive impact.
Clarence Gooden: Very little of the 2011 business has been locked in and negotiated for 2011. Most of that will take place in the last half of this year.
