Clarence W. Gooden: Tom, this is Clarence. Most of the contracts for 2013 are not committed at this time. The market is very volatile, as you're aware, in both the thermal and in the metallurgical markets, particularly given the volatility in China. So we'll start most of the thermal discussions here in the next 30 to 60 days to try to get those contracts put in place at the first of the year. The met is trending more and more to quarterly negotiations. And we'll start -- a lot of those really won't start until end of first quarter next year.
Clarence W. Gooden: Yes. In the case of Columbus, Ohio, we've more than doubled the capacity of the Columbus terminal. It was on the existing footprint that we expanded, and the same was true at Charlotte. In fact, this was the third phase of 3 phases that we're planning for Charlotte. Wister is a new facility, expanded facility, but you might as well say it's new because it was from the ground up. It'll be in operation late this year, early next quarter. It was part of the New England strategy in which we double-stack cleared into New England and then expanded the Wister terminal and got out of Boston's Beacon Park. The facility at Cincinnati expansion was ended at current. And the existing facility that was there, it's almost double the size of that facility. And Winter Haven is part of the new terminals that we're building as a result of the SunRail purchase. That's located just south of Lakenham [ph], Florida. It's on U.S. Highway 60, which transverses the southern state of -- southern part of Florida from Tampa over to West Palm Beach.
Clarence W. Gooden: It would be a step function, because in most cases it's significantly increasing the capacity, both in terms of physical capacity as well as in terms of the technology that we're employing in those terminals to increase the productivity and the lift capabilities.
Clarence W. Gooden: No, I would say that in the case of the export market, what you'll find is that our rates will move directionally with what the coal prices do. So if coal prices go up, our rates go up; if they go down, our rates go down, but not at the same rate that the coal rates go up. So we'll go up a little less than the coal price will and we'll go down a little less than the coal price will. In our utility contracts going forward, that's just a totally separate environment, and as we go more to fixed and variable, those prices will tend to rise higher. And then to the third part of the question was most of that pricing that you saw in the first part of the decade was legacy contracts that we were able to reprice under the rail renaissance.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, as we said just then, Scott, to Ken, the met prices are going to move with the market. So think about it like this: 18 months ago, metallurgical coal was strike price, Queensland was about $320 a ton. Today, the strike price is about $170 a ton, which means it's selling at less than that, and so our rates have been adjusted accordingly. We still make very good money on the volumes that we move. So the volumes that we can move and move profitably, we will protect with rates. Those that we cannot move profitably, then we won't protect that rate when it gets too low. And so that's essentially how the mets are being priced. The thermal that we're moving this year was actually signed on a forward curve 2 years ago, so it has had little impact in our movements this year as a result of that.
Clarence W. Gooden: Steam forwards on API-2 index, the steam prices are about $94 a ton as of about 2 days ago on the forward-looking curve, and that's not as strong as it was 1 year ago or 2 years ago. So it has weakened to some extent in Europe.
Clarence W. Gooden: Utility does. Less decline than you saw in the third quarter. However, in terms of absolute tons handled, it also goes down on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Export Coal will exceed the 40 million tons that we exceeded last year, but due to the volatility in it, we're just not sure how much at this time, but it will be another record year, third record year in a row for CSX in export tonnage.
Clarence W. Gooden: Chris, on the thermal contracts, as we mentioned earlier, it's we're in the process of negotiating most of those for the export side of the business in 2013. So that answer would be no. On the utility side, going forward, I think there's 2 factors there. One is we're going to price to the market, and number two is that as less coal is shipped and coal itself becomes more variable than fixed, then the cost of handling that goes up. And so our rates will have to reflect those increased costs going forward, and so we feel very positive about being able to make those recoveries going forward.
Clarence W. Gooden: We are looking at it. We have some outside parties helping us to look at that also, because what has happened in the near term here with these low natural gas prices is gas has become more of the baseload and coal more of the variable load that's going in. So I just don't know right now.
Clarence W. Gooden: Most of our utility contracts that come up for renewal in 2013 actually come up for renewal in late 2013.
Clarence W. Gooden: That's going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 20-plus percent, okay? Number two is yes, we have begun discussions with utilities about the nature of taking coal. Now here's the feedback from the utilities: "We've seen low gas prices before. So what we're not going to let ourselves do is get locked in to 1 fuel source versus the other. We're going to dispatch according to the economics, but we recognize the fact that we have to protect the coal." So they're willing to enter into discussions with us on, how can we best price that and protect a certain amount of that coal? And then what do we do when there's peaks and spikes? And those discussions are ongoing.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, $94 is going to put us on the margin. If we had to make the contract going forward today, there is some overcapacity, as you could imagine, in the coal market on a global basis. It's really too volatile and too soon to tell. We'll know a heck of a lot more, Justin, on that question in the first quarter, as we can see how this thing is moving and what's happening to the economy in Europe, and what kind of weather they have in Europe this winter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Yes, Cherilyn, this is Clarence. We've looked at that several ways internally. We think there's 2 factors that could potentially be driving that. The first one is our customers are making a concentrated effort to reduce the number of empty miles that they're hauling the containers. So I mean it's a normal process. It's what's to be expected. But secondly is the mix of what we're actually exporting and importing and the weight that's in those containers. So for example, in some of the businesses that we're doing now where we are exporting some grain products, some DDGs overseas, they tend to be denser and heavier type commodities.
Clarence W. Gooden: I'd say there's a third factor. Most of it in the utility coal is due to the legacy pricing over time. As we started out in the first 2 or 3, 4 years around 2004, '05 and '06 with a lot of legacy contracts that we could renew, then in the subsequent years, we had a second shot at those, and now you're seeing a more normal pricing in those areas.
Clarence W. Gooden: Where we have -- where we do have mix and longer length of haul, yes, we're getting more money for that, but on the weight basis, we're not because we're charging by the unit, not by the weight.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I think we mentioned a couple of earnings releases ago that one of the principal reasons Hyundai chose CSX was because of the advantages that Northwest Ohio has given us. We have gotten, in the past year since the terminal has been opened, rave reviews from all of our customers about the facility. It's living up to all the things that we had promised that it would live up to, and based on that, we think that we've got us about where we're going to be in the market share side on the north, and we're going to be able to retain the market share.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, John, we're looking at all kind of opportunities in the Southeast as the network gets more complex, so I just don't know right this minute.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I'm not sure I know the answer to that and I'll tell you the reason I say that. As of last week, there's a lot of unsold coal that's off the coast of China in vessels right now. So the Chinese are playing a cat and mouse game of "I'll wait until the prices go down and I'll buy." As soon as that backlog is worked off and assuming with the new regime changes in Beijing that they continue to stimulate the economy, then you could see that sometime in the first to second quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, RCAF represents about 1/3 -- RCAF less fuel represents about 1/3 of our business. We look at -- we use Global Insight's forecasting to look at what we think RCAF is going to be on a forward-looking basis.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, we are meeting with our customers now and the beneficial cargo owners on a regular basis. We have some models that we can run that shows which of that business is conducive to being converted over to Intermodal. We do that along with our truckload partners and our IMCs as well, and so we're targeting to turn as much of it as quickly we can, to be honest with you.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I don't -- the problem that I'm having with answering that question is what's going to determine the steam is going to be what the utility burns. And so, whether -- if you're sitting in our shoes, whether it comes out of Illinois Basin or cap basin, we just want to haul it.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: No. I think we're going to continue to pull the levers, Tom, that we've pulled in the past, including inflation plus pricing, driving productivity and then solid volume growth. Obviously, we -- it's a difficult coal environment, but that's something we've been dealing with for an extended period of time now, going back all the way to 2006, and we've been able to produce very solid financial results during this period.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think what we have said at this point, Bill, is that we will -- what we expect is we're going to have this overhang with us into 2013. And at that point, we expect to stabilize. We're not counting on a significant recovery. Exactly where it needs to be is obviously difficult to pinpoint, but we're not banking on a significant recovery from the levels that we're seeing this year.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: We had liquidated damages this quarter year-over-year that was about $6 million. And we don't expect anything for the fourth quarter, as most of the contracts really come up at the end of the year. We are going to see some next year. It's a little too early to tell exactly what it's going to be, but we will update you on that as we see them.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes, we had liquidated damage. We also had some volume incentive refunds, adjustments that were positive. And some of the other line items in other revenue were all favorable this quarter. I think the best way to look at it's probably a run rate that was similar to what we saw the first 2 quarters versus what we saw here in the third quarter.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think -- Scott, I think we provided pretty good transparency here in terms of giving the first 3 quarters of the year. I think you know that in the past, we've used that slide in the overall pricing and clearly, you know that in the beginning of this rail renaissance period, we had a lot of legacy contract that kept pricing a little bit higher level. So I think that's the best barometer we can provide you. This is something we think is important for people to understand, that the core pricing of our sales and marketing team is continuing to do inflation plus pricing, but it is a different market in the Export Coal side, which is why we're providing this breakout that we're doing now.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think that you have to -- we've kind of outlined the different profit levers that we have, and clearly, in an environment where coal is declining, it is going to be more difficult to provide a meaningful margin expansion. I think, based on the fact that our visibility into the Export Coal market is relatively limited, it is hard to see right now what it's going to do next year. If it's stronger, we will do better; if it's weaker, we will do less. But the other drivers that we have, inflation plus pricing, as Michael said earlier, we're going to -- we've grown our volumes up 4% this year, our non-coal business is still there, productivity is still there, we're putting a service product in front of our customer that is better than probably in recent memory or longer. And so we're doing the things that we can control the most very well and then we're going to have to adjust to whatever market environment we have and therefore, the operating ratio improvement would be reflective of that.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: It is what we're saying. So year-over-year, the fourth quarter would probably be the most challenging quarter, even though utility coal volumes would probably moderate as Clarence has said. Because we expect Export Coal to be down year-over-year, the total between the 2 is going to make the fourth quarter probably the most challenging quarter of the year in terms of year-over-year volume, total coal.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, you hit on it. First of all, it is 3 years out. And when we issued the guidance, we had appropriately put in a fairly sizable contingency to deal with stuff along the way and obviously, stuff happened with utility coal. And we've been pretty transparent that as that happened and has occurred throughout the year, we have said that it's going to be more challenging. And clearly based on where we are today, it's going to be more back-end-loaded than we thought originally to get there. But that is what this organization is rallying around and as we look at things right now, if we execute extremely well all the different parameters we have, we still think we can get there, but a lot of things has to go right. We're going to go through our normal strategic plan process here this spring and review that with the board, and if there's additional color to be provided at that point, we will do that. But right now, that's just the goal that unifies this organization. This is the goal that we have the incentives rallying around and right now, we still feel we have line of sight towards it.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes. So what we have said on the SunRail gain is that we are expecting a similar amount, that we saw here in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter as well, but the year-over-year comparison [indiscernible] as we have started recognizing the gain last year at a tune of $14 million.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes, so right now, we have recognized to date about $83 million and the total gain is $160 million, so there's $77 million left. And so a similar amount in -- as we had here in the third quarter will be in the fourth quarter, so you'll have about $50 million or so left to be recognized in '13 and beyond.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think that we provide pretty good transparency in what we've done here in this -- by breaking out Export Coal. I think that's the appropriate level. What we're trying to get across is to make sure people understand that overall pricing continues to be in line with what we've said previously and it's an inflation plus level.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, let me start with the share repurchase program question. So you know that we have about 234 million left of the current program and that's our #1 priority right now, to complete that by the end of the year. As we get into our plan process and review with the board for next year, we'll see what sort of free cash flow levels we have. At that point, we'll size that program appropriately. We have said publicly that predominantly it should be funded by free cash flow, but we also can use some balance sheet capacity if we think that's appropriate. But predominantly free cash flow, so that -- so when we get to the first quarter, we'll have an update and a view of that. On the dividend side, I think we've been very transparent. Between 30%, 35%, that is what we're going to target going forward. I think we will see what the fourth and the first quarter does in terms of earnings and based on that, we will size it accordingly but the parameters between 30% and 35% is really the key driver.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: And over time, RCAF seems to be gravitating between somewhere between 3% and 4%. I think that's a good proxy for our inflation plus pricing comments as well.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, we certainly do have excess capacity. And with regards to the future, let me tell just a quick story. You may not have heard of our TSI carload initiative, but in essence, it's implementing what you have seen in our operating metrics as a kind of a more rapid car cycle. What we're doing now is in some cases, sort of contrarian to what you might think, we're actually servicing customers more frequently and with shorter trains in some instances to, a, increase the customer commitment that we want, but it's also improving a lot of our labor costs. So to your question, the next sort of step function in there is maintaining that great service and good car cycle, but doing it with a lengthening train length. And that's where kind of the next level of productivity will really, really benefit us.
Oscar Munoz: No challenges, I think we're well on path to the 180-plus. We talked about sort of a pro-rata delivery. I think we're ahead of that game, given the market outlook that you've seen. We have a great sense of where the future's headed in the near term and have taken the appropriate action. And so, we're probably ahead of the game and so we'll expect a probably $20 million to $30 million number in the fourth quarter, but more on the high-end given again the outlook. So well on path with a great deal of confidence.
Oscar Munoz: Michael closed his comments, Cherilyn -- this is Oscar -- with 3 questions. Do we believe a strong service product drives long-term growth? Are we managing the things that we can? Are we investing in the right things in the future? And so you have to take all those 3 questions into account when you answer that question. And so we are not yet confident there. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. What we're building, because of that uncertainty, is the ability to recover and move quickly. For instance, as we put locomotives down, historically, the time to put them down and bring them back up has taken us quite a long time. Our efforts with -- inside our team is to sort of accelerate that process so it becomes less of a variable for us. So no, we are not. It is a constantly moving and dynamic business. We have to be flexible to it and we will continue to moderate the different scenarios, as I've spoken earlier, and manage accordingly.
Oscar Munoz: Great. I will stay out of the guidance business on that front, but you've laid it out very well. Better service is indeed cheaper for us and that has been the key focus across the different technology and process teams that we've done, execution and great leadership out there. Your question is about whether the services exceed our expectations. I mean, it's near an all-time record level, so I guess, ostensibly, you could say yes. But it is the new norm for us. Our customers are expecting that and that's what we're focusing on.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, Donald, it's Oscar. Many of the cars in storage kind of older gondolas for the metals and coal business, as well as some covered hoppers, and some of these are just in storage simply due to the normal seasonality. And again, back to an earlier point, these are stored in strategic places where, when we need them, we can pull them back in the service very quickly.
Oscar Munoz: I think it has nothing to do with me, I suspect. We have a great team out there. I think it's the additional resources that we geared up for last year. I think one of the things we got caught up is not having quite enough and so we've adequately resourced around that. Our operating plan has been running very smoothly. Certainly, you mentioned kind of lower volumes, but again, as Michael has mentioned and Clarence has mentioned, our overall volume growth this quarter was actually fairly robust absent the coal business. And so, lower volumes is not necessarily a big factor in that. It is around execution and the performance of our team.
Oscar Munoz: It is a material and will be an increasingly more material lever. We are in the genesis of that, so we're probably maybe 1/6 of the way in as to where we want to be. The tool's called Trip Optimizer and it's an neat tool that has been helpful. You saw some of the fuel efficiency in Fred's presentation and that will continue.
Oscar Munoz: It's an exciting concept. Most of the locomotive manufacturers are actively working it. There's some pilot tests being done within the rail industry. Outside of rail, a lot of the heavy industry out there is putting that new technology into action. We will be very open and very flexible in understanding the merits and sort of pivot accordingly when the time is right.
