Jim Foote: Great. Thank you, Kevin. Turning to slide 14, let's wrap this up by reviewing our outlook for the year. Freight demand is generally in line with the expectations set out at the end of last quarter when we adjusted our forecast to reflect what we felt was a realistic view of softer underlying economic activity. Nothing in the industrial economy has really changed since then. Despite the swing from a plus 1% to 2% growth in environment to a down 1% to 2% environment, we are maintaining our full year operating ratio guidance of below 60% and we are still on course for record operating cash flow. These are impressive accomplishments. We have fundamentally changed CSX over the last two years, not just in how the company operates but also the way we approach our business and our customers. We are encouraged by our customers' positive response to our improved service and are working tirelessly to find innovative new ways to better serve their needs. Despite the significant progress made to date, we are still – there are still meaningful opportunities to operate more efficiently and reliably as we move towards our goal of being the best run railroad in North America. Thank you and I'll turn it back to Bill.
Jim Foote: Hi Chris. Well, first of all we're not going to get into 2020 just yet. We'll ramp up the fourth quarter here and then we'll start trying to give guidance as to what 2020 is going to look like. I guess only just two general comments and then either may be Kevin or Mark want to jump in with some additional commentary, but just two general comments. It's difficult still very, very difficult to gauge where the overall economy is going. I think we feel very confident for the fourth -- or confident for the fourth quarter as we call what we thought was a pretty soft outlook going forward and so we're going to have to wait to see to start figuring out what the revenue is going to look like next year. But again generally speaking, our plan is to grow this business and to the extent that we can grow this business we're going to do it. And then secondly, our plan is to run this company as efficiently as we possibly can and we're going to continue to focus on them. So this is not a – they are not mutually exclusive. We're going to do both at the same time and that's what we've been showing we can do this year. 
Jim Foote: Let me highlight the mix, Allison. We get the mix question. So let me address that overall and we can get into coal if you want. But overall, we experienced a negative mix within most of our business segments this quarter. And as I talked about many, many times and as usual as you see within each business segment and again in coal there was always ups and downs between the commodities that holds different RPUs. And we'll continue to see these mix issues quarter-over-quarter. And I don't -- we don't manage the business to solve for how mix falls in any given quarter and we're focused on delivering long-term sustainable growth. But clearly on the coal side, we did have a negative mix on coal. Lot of that was a shorter haul business to some utilities in the north. I think that was a phenomenal we saw in the second quarter and we also had growth some growth to some shorter haul growth to mobile and the mines in Alabama, so -- and less going export as the export volumes were impacted by the benchmarks. So, as I said a lot of mix issues going in overall in each of the commodities, but again in coal just given the decline in some of the longer haul exports, and then we picked up some shorter haul utility business. So that phenomenon continued.
Jim Foote: Well, I'll tell you. Q3, I would say that export, the met side, which again is two-thirds of our export coal. The business was soft, but the global steel markets continue to weaken with the industrial slowdown and some of the sourcing issues in Europe in fact, obviously, the benchmark prices. As you know the majority of our contracts re-price quarterly. So in Q3 we were less impacted by price, because the price of the export in Q2 were relatively strong. But as we moved into Q4 and given where the benchmarks were in Q3 and where they are today with about $150, clearly there's going to be some RPU impact in Q4.
Jim Foote: Yeah. We have again real specific, but it’s not single million digits, it’s tens of millions of dollars that we executed across mechanical engineering and the T&E employees on the field. So it's a large opportunity for us still going forward where we've just began and I'm sure Jamie could talk more to -- all the efforts that we've -- we started probably in the late second quarter as we saw some of the volumes come down and started to focus on this item.
Jim Foote: I would say with combination I think you got it right. You know certainly overtime played a factor in that. You did see some -- slightly lower incentive comp year-over-year as well. We'll continue on the good trend here going forward.
Jim Foote: No. All of the external metrics to try and get a sense for where the business is going have seemed to somewhat stabilize at this lower softer numbers. It -- my personal opinion is, it took a while for them to get them there and if they're going to turn round, it's going to take a while for them to turn back up and while there is some sense -- more sense to-date of optimism than maybe there was 10 days ago, these metrics and these numbers are not going to turnaround in a couple of weeks. So we see this kind of slow growth environment throughout the quarter And as we get nearer to the end of the year hopefully, we can see -- have a little more light shown on the pathway beyond the end of this year and will be in a better to opine on it.
Jim Foote: When we were in New York a couple of -- about 18 ago Ken we said we're going to get was 60 in 2020, I didn't hear you say, boy that’s an easy question. So yes, we're going to get to our target and we said we'd beat our target a year early and clearly had not put in our plan, this kind of softening in the overall economy not only in the U.S. but globally impacting all of our business units you know kind of one onetime. So we're kind of are we being cautious? No, I think we're being – we have the same realistic viewpoint of the economy to-date that we had three months ago when we told everybody we even see a hockey stick coming into the second half of the year in terms of growth. And we also have, you know what is traditionally the fourth quarter from a seasonality perspective, we expect similar kinds of behavior on the cost side this year. So that's just -- I think a realistic assumption as we always do. We hope we do better than that, but putting to say that we’re going to have an annual operating ratio below 60 this year is a pretty good achievement in a difficult time.
Jim Foote: Well, I had clarifications, so I can answer the question correctly. I think our slide in terms of what we're talking about in terms of efficiency and operating ratio is the exact slide that we used three months ago and I think that’s the exact slide we used the quarter before that.
Jim Foote: Well, look I said, we're always trying to get better and we believe there’s a lot of opportunity out there for us to continue to get better. It will be hell of a lot better – easier to get to a better number with a little bit more robust economic environment. So we're going to continue to always focus on efficiency and running the road in the best we possibly can, and we believe that there are many, many opportunities out there for us to continue to do that. And I don't think that's anything different than I’ve ever said before in comments in terms of other opportunities. Yeah, there might be a little more difficult to find, identify and execute on. But there are always tons of opportunities out there for us to get better. We've always believe that, we've always been optimistic and bold in our positions where we thought we could take the company and I don't think anything has really changed.
Jim Foote: Well, again we'll give you some more solid view of that at the end of the quarter, aspirationally do I think that with this team can repeat the fantastic job they did this year with revenues, again as I said in my comments, we started the year thinking revenues are going to be up, you know as much as 2% and now we're saying the revenues could be down as much as 2% and for us to have delivered this operating 56 or something operating ratio was nothing -- short of amazing. And I am -- this group going to accept the challenge to try to do the same thing again next year. I certainly hope so, but in terms of putting into book and saying that's our forecast we're going to wait three months before we make that kind of bold statement.
Jim Foote: Yes, I mean, I won't repeat what I told out and when I talked about the mix, clearly that has a significant impact on the revenue for us again. But let me address the pricing growth because I used to get this question on price and let me be crystal clear here, we're not sacrificing volume for price or price for volume. And within the merchandise and Intermodal, our same-store sales pricing in Q3 was the strongest that we have seen in the past three years and all our contracts that come up for renewal in the quarter, we exceeded our same-store sales pricing. So -- and we're going to continue to price to the value of the business and price to the value of the service that we provide. And -- but again, RPU and then the revenue for RTM you're always going to see these mix issues. But don't read into it that it's a pricing issue. We're still continuing to generate the best price for the value of our product.
Jim Foote: Well yes we don’t have good floating. But we're working out making that appearance especially whenever we can. What we're doing is, yes I mean, we're responding to a softer environment and are looking for every opportunity we can, where we don’t enter services directly. And what we're doing here is that, we're building an enormous amount of operating leverage into this organization. So when the economy begins to turn around and we begin to see a slight uptick in a better environment to work in, we're going to see the impact of that leverage and we're not going to – we have tons – the way we run the company today has created a tremendous amount of potential world opportunity for us on the capital side, one because we freed up a tremendous amount of capacity because the way we run the railroad today and we said many times we could probably with 30% growth into the organization without adding any additional capital and the same is true on the operating side. We got capacity on our existing trains today where we can put a lot of growth on the railroad incrementally and not have to start adding that expenses. And so both from a cash perspective and an operating perspective, I think we’re well-positioned to perform well in either direction either a soft environment or in a strong environment.
Jim Foote: Brian we're seeing it today, we're seeing it every day. I would say, I’m blessed and my team is blessed, the work that Ed and Jamie and their teams have done. Jamie deserves to be sitting today at this table today and the work that he’s done over the last 2.5 years to really give us the service product that my team now has the ability to grow and sell, and we think we’ll tap into the truck conversion opportunities that this franchise has never been able to go after in the past is exciting. And so we're seeing those truck conversions today. We're seeing it across the board or across our merchandising segments, large things to talk about right now, but we're seeing incremental volumes from existing customers day in and day out, we're talking to customers who may be used to shipped by rail but because of the poor service that they experienced over the last couple of decades abandoned rails and I've been using truck ever since, those are the kind of shippers that we're talking to, and we're penetrating that -- those markets and that business and we're being successful. And we're also on the technology side, Jim mentioned in his opening, trip plan compliance is a huge, huge game changer for our customers. They now and as we said we roll this out for intermodal on October 1st and our merchandise customers will see trip plan compliance visibility, December 1 on ship CSX. This is a game changer for them. They will see every car that they ship on CSX in every lane in our performance against the trip plans we rolled this out a couple weeks ago in our customer engagement forum and I can tell you customers are excited. So, we've got great visibility into their service, no other railroad is doing this. We're blessed with the great service that we’ve got that the operating team has worked very hard to deliver to us. And so right now it's for us to go out and identify those opportunities and convert them with the new teams that have been placed here over the past week.
Jim Foote: Yeah I think -- look I think we told you expected it to come down as it was kind of trended in that direction. In terms of the run rate going forward somewhere between the second quarter run rate and the third quarter is probably where we will end and so $110 million to $120 million range is probably the new normal unless something dramatically changes from here. I might let Mark talk to the additional opportunities, but now look it's -- you know, I think we expected this you know without something meaningfully changing from here probably at the same run rates.
Jim Foote: Sorry. Scott, again we're not going to get into 2020, you know, as we've said, We think we have opportunities to continue to improve on the efficiency side, we said that we would improve on efficiency in a good environment – and in a bad environment, when we started the year and we've done it. Some people didn't think we could, but we've already shown the world that you know there's no, there's no limit to what hard work and ingenuity can produce.
Jim Foote: I would now want to bet on open mic and let you know what my real thoughts are about what's going on in Washington DC. So I’ll just stick with what's going on in STB. The STB after a number of years is not being like really fully staffed, you're stepping up and taking care of some issues that have been lingering out there for a long time, and I think that they are just doing their job and they put forward some suggestions, which have been kicked around for long times and turns, is there a way to change, simplify, modify some of the procedural steps that shippers have to go through if they have complaints. And I think the industry we have thoughts on what they want to talk about, rest of the industry does as well and I think we'll work through all of that in due course and it's similarly trying to begin to have some discussions at least about what revenue adequacy might be that’s a long-term process. So I just think that the STB is kind of work – back to work and being in a business in an industry that's regular, just work with regulator in due course. So I'm not freaked out about anything that's going out in there. And we're starting – your comments about litigation over labor negotiations, we’re just now starting a long process to begin the new round of industry-wide bargaining and everybody starts out trying to posture and get themselves in the right position. And so again nothing out of the normal course of business there. So I think it's just business as usual and we'll continue to remain vigilant and active in that area. But I said nascent to DC, I’d try not to go there unless I absolutely have to.
Jim Foote: Look there is a lot of projects out there with respect to getting out as I mentioned getting out of the ground trying every -- minimum every two weeks taking a few -- flying into different terminals. Last week we made a trip over to St. Louis unannounced, sat down with the operating team and came up with some ideas on how we can move cars quicker faster and reduce headcount. So those opportunities are what we're going to continue to push and drive forward. The Senior Vice President's Bob Frulla and Brian Barr are traveling with me out there and we're finding the external talent we have -- sorry internal talent we have within our company and moving as quick as we can and well sufficient, that’s really we’re going to continue to do cushion forward with the asset.
Jim Foote: Yes sure, Justin. And again there are -- what it was -- one of the issues we've been struggling with throughout the year is the fact that everything whether it's the stock market, whether it's interest rates, whether it's already consumer-driven sides of the economy, we're all doing so well and we saw very early in the year that the industrial economy was separating and was not performing very well at all. And so last quarter when you know I said this was confusing, I think we had a pretty good sense of where things were going and it's proving out as we move through the second half. With that I'll let Mark – who is totally on top of Intermodal and what – whether or not we are going to have a peak will answer any other question.
Jim Foote: Our international business has been stronger than the domestic business, so the domestic – as I talked about just a minute ago, the domestic business has been impacted by number of factors that the economy is certainly one of them, but I think clearly, a lot of capacity, we saw a very tight truck capacity last year, clearly a lot of new trucks came into the market lot of new drivers open-up a lot of additional capacity and so I think intermodal has been competing with that truck capacity this year prices obviously in truck spot prices have come down since – from last year, there are still above sort of the five year average, but clearly prices have come down. So I think the domestic business while good, it's just been soft, but our international business is still relatively okay.
Jim Foote: The majority of our intermodal business is locked up in long-term contracts, Fadi. So, we don't have any short-term opportunities to replace a lot of the business. So again a lot of the focus has been on the cost side and the efficiency side. But clearly as the economy comes back and we handle more intermodal business and are handling it in a more efficient way, yeah, I mean, we'll -- we can grow the business that way.
Jim Foote: Both Ravi on the – both on the thermal side and on the met side. We have built in contract minimums. So as I mentioned I think in Q2 given the weakness in API2 and everything it was going on globally with thermal coal, we're experiencing the slowdown in volumes and we saw customer shipping it to their contract minimums that has not changed given the continued weakness in export coal benchmarks. I will say something that hasn't come up, we still expect our export coal volumes to hit sort of the 39 million to 40 million ton range for the year. Last year we did about 43 million tons, but even with everything that's going on, we still expect to be between 39 million and 40 million this year.
Jim Foote: If I could only predict what's going to happen to things that are completely out of my control – met benchmarks and API2’s – I don't have a clue – I don’t have a clue what's going to happen to the economy and I don't have a clue what's going to happen to export benchmarks So – hey, I get on my hands and knees every night and pray, but clearly yeah it's a headwind right now.
Jim Foote: Yes, I don't want to speak too specifically because others are listening, but we're moving crude today mostly from the Bakken. We've had obviously with the refinery explosion and we've seen some slowdown there which has impacted as per the remainder of the year. But it's probably as much as I want to go. We -- I should mention both on coal and on the accrued business and we brought in Adam, who is our new VP of Energy. He's taken a fresh look at all of these portfolios and task with figuring this all for us. Clearly, these are interesting commodities to manage, but Adam is very, very smart guy and he he's doing a great job looking at different things to help us longer term. So, look forward to updating everyone in the future on that.
Jim Foote: Walter, hi, thanks for asking the question. Right now, yes a bunch of questions. I'll try to answer them all. What we spent today is out of the total amount is a very small amount, but it has a meaningful impact on what we do. In many respects, historically speaking, the rail industry at CSX being no differently, we’re currently holding to the supplier to come up with new ideas and new technology. I think now we work more collaboratively with the way to do things and we talk amongst ourselves in the rail industry about what works and what doesn't work and how we can do things more effectively and efficiently as leverage technology and technology is changing all the time, so clearly new opportunities for us. So it probably number one probably should, and therefore probably will that dollar amount that we spend on technology that help us run the railroad more efficiently will become bigger, but it's clearly, it's never going to get to the point where it's equal to what we spent on rail. So -- and we're all over everything whether it's automated artificial intelligence to help us do dispatching, using more and more technology in locomotives not just B2C whatever technology that's available out there to help us do things more effectively and efficiently, I mean just this little amount, we got three of these cars that are out there running along the railroad, doing constant inspection of our rail and the subsystem and everything else. We've seen a big improvement in our reducing our slow orders or incidents of rail breakage all of this because we captioned earlier then we would have when we weren't doing as much. So we're leveraging the heck out of that as much as we can and we're going to add more of it next year and next year and next year and next year, because it's hard to put a dollar value on what can happen if you have a big derailment associated with a rail break, if you knew you had a railcar up there that could have found it before that happened. So, we're all over it. We're going to continue to do that and I would say to be in that it will creep up over time.
Jim Foote: Walter, I think a lot of the technology that we're on to the only thing that I would really mention on top of are train inspection portals. Not only are we looking at the track. We're also making sure that we X-ray vision and take camera footage of cars on by thorough inspection portals, but we've got a very strong IT development department within CSX, probably one of the most impressive I've seen in the industry. We are developing some art intelligence, crew intelligence. The crew intelligence is really something that I truly believe as we've been working on it for about a year now. Almost done that project, that's going to allow us to look 12 hours to 24 hours in advance to make sure that our crews are lined up where they need to be, and in position where they need to be. So as much as we balanced the railroad, you still got to worry about availability and that crew intelligence and some of the art intelligence that our team is working on here at CSX is going to really help us carry forward.
Mark Wallace: Sure Chris. It's Mark. This is not something, this is new. We've been talking about this for quite some time now. As we look at the future of this business we see huge opportunity in our merchandise segment, its two-third of our business. I think you know going back quarter two when we initially put Kevin as the Head of the Marketing. We highlighted the fact that we were going to grow our Marketing Department because initially CSX did not have one, traditional marketing department. Kevin did a great job in a short term that he was there of bringing in some people both externally and internally. Looking at some things differently and focusing on growth. We've now with some additions moved Farrukh over as Senior VP of Strategy into the Head of Marketing Department, so he's going to carry on and as we split out the sales and marketing roles from a lot of our Directors. Some people used to wear dual-headed hats. Now we’ve got Directors of Sales and in Farrukh Group we've got Directors of Marketing. And so as Jim said in his opening remarks, an intense focus on the marketing -- on the merchandise sector. Clearly we look at the size of the opportunity in the North American spend for transportation every year. There is a lot of truck volume out there. And we believe that by renewing our focus on the merchandise segment and looking for truck conversion opportunities that we're going to go and capture that market share. So a huge focus for us going forward and we're pretty excited by the work that's already been started.
Mark Wallace: Justin, yes I mean our expectations for peak are somewhat muted this year. I think we'll see a little bit of a bump, but not the traditional solid peak and stock is still coming in so the -- sort of the consumer recall I mean is still doing relatively well. So, the apparel, the toys and the plastic Christmas trees and stuff are coming in – still coming in, but as we all know intermodal carries a lot more than just that kind of stuff to carry – lot of stuffs that goes into the industrial economy, machinery and auto parts and whole bunch of other stuff. So because of the economy the industrial economy being soft and IDP being so weak yes affected a lot of the intermodal volumes. Fourth quarter because of the economy and because of the consumer economy, we're hoping to have a relatively good post-Thanksgiving holiday peak so into the Christmas time frame hopefully people order a lot of stuff online, and we have the pleasure and the honor of moving along with that stuff. So I think that will help our intermodal volumes this quarter, but going into next year, we said we're not going to give you a lot of guidance there, but it really depends on what's driving the economy and where we are, but longer-term as we get through all these lane rationalizations and get through all this mess all in a good solid economy I would expect intermodal to do very well.
Mark Wallace: Well Fadi, its Mark. This company has spent a lot of capital dollars over this year over the past decade or so to grow intermodal volumes and it was not very successful. And so, today we have spent the last year and half, two years reengineering the traditional hub-and-spoke intermodal franchise that was built over the past little while. So to answer your question, no, I don't believe and I don't think we believe that we need to spend any significant capital dollars to continue to grow our intermodal franchise. The team's focus right now is about taking touches out of the system. As you know, the more you have touch and handle on intermodal container, your cost go up and the profitability goes down. So we're focused on streamlining that business and getting it as efficient as possible and bringing on additional capacity. We've got ample capacity now to grow intermodal and when the volumes will return to Jim's point, the economy will turn around and when intermodal volumes do come back, we have ample capacity in then right now without spending any additional capital to move that product.
Mark Wallace: Ravi, its Mark. Let me be clear and just so everybody has all the facts here. January of 2018, we began the rationalization about 7% of the franchise. Last October, October 1st of last year we took out an additional 3% -- rationalized additional 3% of the lanes and then in January of this year we did another 5%. And so we -- to Jim's earlier comment, we will be lapping in the fourth quarter, the 3% rationalization that we took in last year and then in January will be -- the lanes rationalization will be completely doing this.
Mark Wallace: Well, again on the thermal side, these contracts our annual contracts so there weren't – for this year they were negotiated late last year or early into 2019, so those – they were set, they’re tied to the benchmarks and that benchmark for API2 was a lot higher at the beginning of the year and late last year. On the met side as I said they get re-priced quarterly most of them some of them are monthly, but majority are quarterly. And as I said in Q2 the benchmark prices was over $200, Q3 almost fell that $160-ish and so we're going to feel that impact heading into Q4.
Mark Wallace: It’s just of the process where because of the lag just beginning in the process and yes, we will see more of it as we go into the fourth quarter and next year.
Kevin Boone: Yeah. So one of the -- obviously, what we really seen some good attraction is on that engineering and mechanical side, we have seen some traction on the transportation, but that's where our bigger opportunity is and as the team spends time out in the field visiting locations and continuing to look for opportunities that's one of the larger opportunities that we see out there table out there still left on the table going forward.
Kevin Boone: But Tom going back to the magnitude of the size, I think previously I mentioned in many categories were 30% plus over time as the percent of trade times, so the opportunity is still pretty significant there.
Kevin Boone: Scott, this is Kevin. Look, I know the focus has been on headcount I know, you know, we report headcount numbers every quarter. Labor represents roughly 35% of our cost base. There's a lot of other costs to go out there as well. You know, we're looking at those. I think you saw great improvement in MS&O which is a huge cost line item for us. There's other ways to reduce costs than pure headcount reductions that we talked about over time, it's a huge, huge category for us. So we're getting -- there's a lot of other areas for us to go after that, than just simply headcount. But you know if -- if the volumes continue to be challenging, we'll look for new ways to drive costs down. You know we run faster and take down dwell -- the assets drop out and the cost goes down significantly, so we'll look at every way to go out, go after these costs.
Kevin Boone: Yeah, I mean, the $65 million was a little bit above the normal run rate that you've seen historically. I would expect something well below that in the fourth quarter something more on the normalized range in the mid-20s, low 20s range for the fourth quarter. We'll wait – we'll hold off on 2020 to go through we still have great pipeline timing is always difficult to predict on when those transactions will hit, but I'd know Mark and his team continue to see a really good pipeline going forward.
Kevin Boone: Thank you for the question. My priority is cash. I think when we look across the organization, I was talking to my team last week sometimes we prioritized OE over capital. And I think we have a lot of ability to look at our capital spend and focus there and make that a lot more efficient. There is opportunities, Jamie and I now sit right across from each other we're talking every day about and sharing information about where we see the opportunities whether it's overtime like we mentioned time and time again that was a new initiative and he is working closer and closer with all the people in finance, and just to uncover those opportunities there is opportunities everywhere, there is small buckets that it can add up to a lot of dollars overtime. But that's my priority is really looking at particularly just the return on capital if there is really high return projects out there that we can invest in we generated a lot of cash flow today. I wouldn't love nothing better than my organization to come with me with 20% -plus return projects that we can invest in our business to drive value overtime that's really where I'm focused on the next few months. Procurement also has been my area, and I know that group is doing a great job of finding additional cost savings from our suppliers working with them. But we're not afraid of investing in the business going forward.
