Michael Ward: Last evening we reported first quarter earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.78 up 22% from the same period last year. We’re encouraged by what we see in the external environment as the industrial economy continues to gain momentum. Revenues in the quarter improved 11% driven by volume gains across most markets, core pricing that reflects the value of rail transportation and the impact of higher fuel costs reflected in our fuel surcharge program. CSX employees performed very well. Our network remained fluid and is running even more safely. As David will discuss, we recorded our best personal injury rate in the company’s history, a great achievement for our employees. A combination of higher revenues, a strong productivity, resulted in a first quarter record operating income of $634 million up 21% from the prior period and a 230 basis point improvement in our operating ratio to a first quarter record of 74.5%. We’re proud of the cost discipline and the commitment to safety and service that our employees are bringing to the job. We told you that we thought that this high level of performance and commitment would position CSX to stand out as a unique value in the economic recovery. We’re seeing that happen today and that is why we expect strong double digit growth in earnings per share for the year 2010. Now let me turn the presentation over to Clarence to discuss our markets in more detail.
Michael Ward: When we stand back and look at CSX we see a strong company with a culture and a track record of continuous improvement and a strengthening economy. We believe that recovery is sustainable but in any case we are keeping our focus on the fundamentals of safety, service, and productivity. This has served us well through excellent and severe economic conditions and today as the economy continues to recover.  It is also critical that we continue to look over the horizon with respect to capital and the future needs of our customers. Our commitment to the future has been evident over the past three years as we have invested approximately $5 billion in our network and again this year as we add another $1.7 billion.  Railroads must maintain a safe, service ready network and pave their own way. The regulatory framework in affect today allows us to do that. As you are all aware, there continue to be serious discussions in Washington concerning potential regulations that would have an impact on the railroads. Though the surface transportation board reauthorization bill has not moved forward due to other legislative priorities, we have remained in active discussions with Congress.  The outcome of this legislative process is critical. The current regulatory framework allows us to provide a safe, essential and environmentally friendly transportation service and build our network for the future. In the last five years the major US railroads have invested over a remarkable $40 billion plus. Every government study out there says that even that pace will not be enough to meet the transportation needs of the next 20 years.  That investment and the associated job creation will not be possible without future earnings growth to support it. That is the decision that’s on the table in DC, to build or not, to create jobs or not, and that’s why we remain concerned about potential legislation and continue to be active in working for a balanced solution. At a time when the US competitive advantage for manufacturers is critically needed we provide a unique and compelling benefit for US businesses in the global marketplace. We want to keep it that way for our customers, our employees, our communities and for you our shareholders. With that, we’ll open up for your questions.
Michael Ward: We’ve having good, active dialogues with the Senate Commerce Committee and we’re making them aware of some of the concerns we have suggesting some modifications we think that would make this a more balance and allow us to continue to make the monies to make the investments that are required. It’s still in the committee, I think you’re correct, clearly with healthcare out of the way that’s one of the issues that was crowding the calendar there but there’s also financial reform that I think they’re pretty focused on right now, potential talk around either energy or climate legislation. I think we’ll continue our dialogue with them and hopefully have something productive come out of that. At this point I don’t see any dramatic change in the pace of movement.
Michael Ward: One clarification, when we had our fourth quarter call last year the export haul had not yet developed and I think when Oscar was at a conference in February it had and that’s when we first said that we would be up year over year in total volumes in coal. It was largely driven by that Chinese export demand which was not apparent when we had our fourth quarter call.
Michael Ward: I think at this point the intention of the freight rails is that we will live with the law which is to have it in place by 2015. I think there are some issues potentially in the commuter side as they look at some of their needs. Clearly there are some potential technological challenges; we think we can overcome them at this point. Should that prove to not be the case then obviously we would work with Congress to implement as quickly as possible.
David Brown: Leadership, Discipline, and Execution continue to be the foundation of our company’s strong financial performance. In the first quarter, even with improving volume and more challenging winter weather, our employees delivered excellent safety results, strong productivity and efficiency efforts and fluid network performance. Our excellent safety results included an all time record in personal injuries as we continued to be a leader in one of the nation’s safest industries. Our strong productivity efforts helped produce the record financial results including the 230 basis point improvement in the operating ratio that Michael mentioned earlier. Finally, the network remained very fluid, although key service measurements certainly reflected the impacts of the more challenging weather we faced in this year’s first quarter. Now let’s look at some of the details, starting with safety. Slide 17 shows the company’s continued strong results in both personal injury and train accident performance over the last four years. In the first quarter, the FRA personal injury rate improved 38% to a new all time record of 0.81. This marks the second consecutive quarter that we have registered new records. Even more gratifying is the fact that more of our employees are going home to their family’s safe and injury free. Looking at train accidents, our performance improved here as well with a rate of 3.13 for the quarter. This represents a 14% improvement from last year and reflects our commitment to keep the communities we operate through safe as well. These results, which we achieved through leadership and a sustained effort by all of our employees, keep us on the path towards our ultimate goal of zero injuries and zero train accidents. Now let’s look at our service performance on slide 18. Overall, the network remained very diligent during the quarter. Although key service measures declined from recent highs, reflecting the more challenging weather we faced this year. Looking at on-time performance, originations declined to 69% and arrivals declined to 67%. While down, these levels still supported train operations that remained very fluid during the quarter. Turning to network performance, you can see that velocity declined to 20.9 miles per hour and that terminal dwell increased to 25.8 hours, primarily reflecting the decline in on-time performance. I’m confident that with our team’s commitment to serving our customers safely and reliably that we will improve these measures going forward. Turning to slide 19, let’s take a look at network efficiency. As Clarence mentioned, volume grew 5% during the first quarter. At the same time, total crew starts were down 2% collectively as we handled the increased volume within the existing train network. That network has been stable at these levels since the end of the first quarter last year. As volume continues to grow, we will need to increase our resource levels to meet the growing demand on our network. At the same time, we will actively manage our resources to the optimal level that supports both the increasing business activity and the need to provide our customers with a strong service platform. Now let’s look at key resources. As you can see, we continue to have a number of employees and equipment available to support the increasing business activity. Although down from the peak, we still have over 1,000 train and engine employees furloughed and many of these employees will return to work as needed. In fact, a number of furloughed employees returned to work during the first quarter to offset attrition and to support volume growth at specific locations.  As business levels continue to improve, we look forward to calling additional employees back to work. At the same time, we have also started hiring employees in specific locations where we have significant growth or attrition and anticipate a need for new employees later in the year. For example, we are hiring in key corridors where export coal volumes ramped up quickly. Looking at readily available equipment, we still have 272 serviceable locomotives and over 12,000 freight cars in storage. As you can see, these levels are also down from the peak and we continue bringing locomotives and freight cars out of storage to support the growing volume levels. Now let’s wrap up on the final slide. Looking forward, we will build on our momentum in safety and continue to be a leader in one of America’s safest industries. We will drive increased productivity, control costs, and manage resource levels closely as volumes grow. Finally, we expect the network to return to higher performance levels and for service reliability to improve for our customers. Our employees hold themselves and each other accountable for delivering a strong service product. It is the foundation of our success with our customers and for delivering shareholder value. Now let me turn the presentation over to Oscar to review the financials.
David Brown: Certainly we stand behind that upside, it really depends a lot on the quarter and the lanes and the business areas where volume is coming back. We’re seeing volume come back in automotive and that tends to mean additional train starts where some of the other general merchandise volumes are returning we’re able to absorb that into our existing network. We’re always looking at that operating plan what we call the one plan and we will make additions in terms of additional train starts as we need to do that to serve our customers but as we stand today a large part of the volume that’s coming back now is being absorbed into the existing current one plan.
David Brown: That really varies considerably by the lane and again by the type of traffic that we’re talking about. There’s considerable upside in some lanes maybe a double digit number and some are getting closer to a capacity level that’s a single digit opportunity for growth before additional starts occur.
David Brown: Weather slows us down, there’s no question that winter weather makes the railroad run slower. We do then apply the resources if necessary to return our service levels and our originations and arrivals to the high level that we expect to be at. Volume is really now a factor in that at this point. I guess there is some level of volume that could be a factor but we’re no where near that level now. Really we’re dealing with winter impact and the necessary resources it took to recover from that. We’re seeing that snap back to those higher levels and we’ll continue on that basis.
David Brown: What you’re referring to is our TSI initiative which is an initiative we have in all of our bulk commodity areas to partner with our customers to increase train sizes to the most productive level possible, we’ve seen gains in that. I know we’ve had some information out in some of the analyst meetings about where we are where we’re headed in the future. We continue to see very positive improvements there in all those bulk commodity areas and are continuing the strong focus we have on that.
David Brown: That’s probably a correct categorization. We think that may eventually be forwarded into the Senate Commerce legislation but I think that’s been an ongoing dialogue and that really has not change dramatically since our last call.
David Brown: We have a great training process that we utilize for all of our new employees. Most of our hiring is for attrition so we’re actually replacing people who are retiring and there will be some additional hiring that might add a few additional employees but they all get the same training attention, we believe industry leadership in training with our Tony Ingram Ready Center. We’re really pushing the importance of that as we have in the past because that is a key element in our sustainable improvements in safety and productivity.
David Brown: We have seen it continue to improve since we came out of the winter weather impact. It does take a period of time because you have to apply additional resources to begin to catch up after we have the slowing down through the winter period, which really kind of lasted into mid March. We have seen that continue to improve.  I would encourage you to look deeper at the velocity, look at intermodal velocity because there is a mix factor when you look at the intermodal velocity versus the total average number you’ll see that our premium service velocity is back at a higher level that reflects the fact that we are operating at normally higher speeds in terms of velocity. When you look at dwell we see that recovering more slowly but continuing to improve. Also a function of that is our operating plan and there are cycles throughout the week where dwell is higher or lower based on the operating plan, days of service for locals, operating plan days of service for general merchandise trains. All these are factors into how those numbers are determined and it is a roll up of a lot of numbers to create an average that spans a lot of factors.  You’ve got to really look deeper at those two numbers when you look at the overall measures.
David Brown: We’re confident in our people and the fact that they are devoting the energy, time and diligence it takes to continue to improve to bring those measures to the level they need to be at, they’ve historically been at. We see that occurring and so you’ll see that in the future numbers.
Clarence Gooden: We’re finding that they’re still running leaner. For example, in the steel industry the forward servicing centers are still building inventory as they go. That’s been true in some of our chemical markets; it’s less true in our paper/forest product markets.
Clarence Gooden: No, I think it was just a natural evolution that came in that contract, the marketplace was changing, as we saw opportunities to grow our business we decided it was time to change the business model that we had. I don’t think we could have picked a better partner to do that with than with Union Pacific, they run a very fine intermodal network. It has given us, as we’ve pointed out, more than 600 lanes to put the service in. It is the fastest scheduled service on a transcontinental basis in all of the major markets in the East. It was a very positive thing for us.
Clarence Gooden: A main driver in that mix was actually less river coal than we normally ship. As you know, better than most, the river market is a highly volatile market as the year progresses. It was actually less short haul business as opposed to more longer haul business.
Clarence Gooden: There are three factors that are influencing coal in your question. First the export market is going to stay very strong for us both through Baltimore, Newport News and through Mobile Alabama. We feel very positive about what’s happening there. Secondly, on the stockpiles they are trending downward, they’ve been cut almost in half as a result of the severe winter weather we experienced and the electrical generation CSX serves territory on a year over year basis is up about 5%. The only mitigating factor that we see in that is should natural gas prices drop precipitously from where they are now. On the China question if we could have more export coal, indirectly we may benefit from China taking more thermal tons as that makes a shift in the waterborne transportation and you are in fact seeing the API2 Thermal index in Europe start to trend upward in the short term and the longer term forward curve of that is moving up.
Clarence Gooden: We’ve got currently about 85% of our contractual business already signed and in place. We’ve got a fairly good clear line of sight to the remaining 15% of the business. I want to stay with our guidance that’s at the 4% to 5% range for right now.
Clarence Gooden: Our same store sales in pricing was up versus last year. We were able to take some increases in our international traffic area, we saw domestic prices in the first quarter start to firm up, we saw a tightening of truck capacity. I think you’ve also seen that in regards to the Morgan Stanley truck index. We saw a firming of prices in the first quarter.
Clarence Gooden: Absolutely, we try every day to price that market and get every penny that we can conceivably, reasonably justify and provide value to our customers.
Clarence Gooden: Yes, that’s correct.Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird: In that case then it will impact revenue per shipment as well? The reported number is what I’m asking about.
Clarence Gooden: Yes there has, in fact we have a new export tariff that went into place April 1st that took our export rates and metallurgical rates up significantly.
Clarence Gooden: You could if the coal originates at different locations and is subject to that tariff increase, the answer would be yes.
Oscar Munoz: With regards to headcount obviously will be very sensitive to the volume increase in making sure we have enough folks. I think the clear line of sight we have right now obviously there’ll be some sequential ramp up over this next quarter. We’re thinking between 1% and 2% above prior year headcount for the second quarter and then we’ll keep updating you as the course of the year goes by.
Oscar Munoz: I think the guidance we’ve given is that we will have operating ratio improvement over the course of the full year so we’ll stick with that for now.
Oscar Munoz: No but again it’s roughly the same order. Obviously volume increased significantly sequentially and price continued to show its force and then the fuel surcharge. The numbers would be slightly different but those would be the three main drivers.
Oscar Munoz: As you may know we have a balanced deployment of capital that we have adhered to for a while. As business outlook and markets continue to improve you will see us obviously investing in our business, increasing our dividends and getting back in the share repurchase market.
Oscar Munoz: We’ll continue the balanced deployment will continue to be an issue, beyond that staying within investment grade is certainly a key factor for us. All those issues evolve over time, there’s probably more specific areas that we could be focused on, again will evolve over that as again the market and the business issues continue to look favorable we’ll obviously be more specific.
Oscar Munoz: Let me address the second part first, linearity doesn’t quite, I think we’ll have a couple of years of increased spend and then it should taper off in the out years, sort of the fifth year. With regards to our cost estimates, they basically have been refined as a result of developing information, including the FRA’s final rule that was issued, the development of the implementation plan is being finalized this week so the components therein. Of course always the continuing climate of the specs around the technology that’s required. As you know, some of that stuff has not yet been built or tested so it does create additional things. I think this is in line with the rest of the industry as well.
Oscar Munoz: That is our current estimate and again the emphasis is estimate and we’ve had a pretty big move recently. I expect it to stay around that area but we’ll keep you updated.
Oscar Munoz: You said labor, just to be specific; headcount will increase between 1% to 2% year over year. Yes, sequentially that is a ramp up. As far as their productivity and ability I’ll let David answer that.
Oscar Munoz: There’s a combination of things. Clearly we’re cycling some lower numbers from last year and of the number that we discussed the $40 million plus there is a portion of it that’s for longer term adjustment but predominate was for this year’s performance. The run rate is, as I said, will moderate to about $20 million per quarter for the remaining three quarters.
Oscar Munoz: That $40 million is the labor wage increase as well as the health and welfare and that was a projection given earlier. Volume again, obviously managed with productivity will drive, that will scale that number, that $40 million is sort of inflationary/price increase over the year. It will scale.Christian Wetherbee – FBR Capital Markets: Meaning it will go up to the extent there are more employees on the network.
Oscar Munoz: Those are volume related costs which of course will be offset by the great productivity that Dave’s team is providing.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: Is that $1.2 billion are you comfortable, granted these things are always a moving target but are you fairly close, in the ballpark, or could we expect material revisions as we learn about the technology and it is developing, as you said some of it is not even done yet.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: Obviously with the log jam on healthcare now removed Congressional attention can turn to other endeavors, people we talk with in Washington they’re saying the dust is starting to stir on the whole STB reauthorization we might see some activity there. You mentioned earlier in discussion, maybe if you could just give us more detail about the debate in terms of process, what needs to happen next or what happens next and again what your conversations or what your dialogue is like on the Hill.
Matt Troy – Citigroup: A leaning on the anti-trust issue is that changing at all or is that still more status quo, jump ball kind.
