Joe Hinrichs: Alright, thank you, Matthew, and hello everyone. Thank you for joining our conference call today. As you will hear from our leadership team today, we are very happy with the momentum we carried in the start of the New Year. Of course, Mother Nature gave us a few challenges over the last couple of weeks, but we are proud of the work our ONE CSX team has done to set us up for success this year.  Our railroad is performing well and Mike Cory and the operations team are already bringing new ideas that are helping us run even better, safer and more efficiently. Our customers are happy with the consistent service that our dedicated employees are delivering and Kevin Boone will discuss how this is translating into profitable business opportunities. Sean Pelkey will go over our financial position, which remains very strong as we continue to deliver healthy volumes, favorable pricing, strong operating margins, and high levels of free cash flow.  Before we talk about the details of the past quarter and our expectations for 2024, it is important to take a step back to appreciate all that our ONE CSX team accomplished in 2023. Everyone on this call knows it's been a very active period for our entire industry. Recall that it was just over a year ago that Congress took action to prevent a major rail strike. Soon afterwards, highly visible events last winter led to important public debates about railroad safety. And through the year, Class I railroads have completed major mergers and made significant leadership changes. Meanwhile, our customers have had to manage through higher interest rates and inflation on the one hand, and wars and supply chain disruptions on the other.  Through all of this, the aim of our ONE CSX team has been to keep moving forward on our key goal of delivering sustainable, profitable growth that benefits to all our key stakeholders, our customers, our employees, our shareholders and the communities we live in and serve. For example, CSX was the first Class I railroad to reach basically agreements with our union partners, and we were the first railroad to significantly change our attendance policies based on employee feedback. We were also the first U.S. Class I railroad to be released and additional service metric reporting by the STB back in May, based on our improvements and service to our customers.  Now here on slide five, we have listed several key achievements from this past year, and helped us take important steps forward. First and foremost, our focus on safety has driven strong results over the year, especially in the fourth quarter, enabling us to report much improved accident and injury rates compared to 2020. Our service metrics that have consistently led the industry. And today CSX remains ahead of our peers. Importantly, this is improving our customers’ experience, which puts us in a great position to gain their trust and gain share.  You've heard me reiterate this all year long, our team delivered positive volume growth in merchandise that beat U.S. industrial production, improved efficiency helped us grow coal volumes, and our intermodal business gained traction led by our service and market initiatives. Our commercial and operating teams are more closely aligned than ever. Our customers know that when we offer them a solution, we have the commitment and the expertise to deliver it.  Finally, we have seen our efforts to renew the culture here the railroad start to really take shape. Through our site visits family days, and our regular surveys and town halls, we see the increased pride and energy that our employees are feeling through ONE CSX. And this is great progress. And we are proud of what we've accomplished this past year. None of these efforts are done or complete as this is a journey. There's so much more that we can accomplish as we work together as ONE CSX team.  On Slide 6, we highlight some of the key results from our fourth quarter. Total volume grew by 1%, reaching 1.56 million units in the quarter. Much of this growth was driven by our strong merchandise franchise, which gained 3% year-over-year. Our total revenue decreased by roughly 1%, 3.68 billion as the effects of higher volumes and favorable pricing were offset by a decrease in other revenue and lower fuel surcharge due to lower diesel prices, as compared to last year. We earned $0.45 per share, compared to 49% -- $0.49 per share a year ago.  With that. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Cory to go over the details of our operations.
Joe Hinrichs: All right. Thank you, Sean. Now we will conclude with our initial thoughts on our expectations for the full year 2024. As of today, and based on our visibility with our customers and our expectations for the CSX specific initiatives that we are putting in place, we anticipate growth in total volume and total revenue in the low to mid-single digit range. We see encouraging momentum across our merchandise business, but we are benefiting from service-led gains in market share and wallet share and new industrial development activity. We expect growth in our intermodal business as a prolonged destocking cycle finally winds down and our strategic initiatives continue to drive volume, and Export coal demand continues to be very strong with CSX gaining from the ramp-up of a new mine on our network. By growing volumes and utilizing our existing capacity, we expect our profitability to benefit from a favorable combination of solid pricing better operational efficiency and a moderate easing in cost inflation. Kevin's team continues to do a great job making sure that we are getting paid for the service we provide. And as Mike discussed, we see all kinds of new opportunities run this network better, safer, faster and more efficiently.  We expect an increase in our capital spending to approximately $2.5 billion this year as we invest in safety infrastructure, locomotive rebuilds, upgrades to our portion of the New Alabama Interchange with CBKC and other specific high-return investments, including technology investments. Finally, as before, there is no change to our balanced opportunistic approach to capital returns, using our excess cash to fund share repurchases and dividends to benefit our shareholders.  In closing, I am very proud of what our entire team accomplished this past year. To our ONE CSX team, I want to thank all of you across all of our facilities in every state and province that we're operating in, through your hard work and for demonstrating that our ONE CSX culture can be something real and impactful. We're in a great position we had in 2024 and with your help, we can make it even better year than the strong one we just had.  For everyone on this call, thank you for all your interest in and support of CSX. Matthew, we're now ready to take questions.
Joe Hinrichs: Yeah. Thanks, Bas. And I think you heard a little bit of that in, on the commentary from the team here. We now see our business has stabilized. We've reached a threshold on customer service that has been recognized in the industry, and now you're seeing the opportunity for us to take advantage of that stability to get more efficient.  We're now at the manpower levels that we were targeting. There's always going to be some needs here or there. But generally speaking, we're the manpower levels we were targeting. So we head into 2024 with an opportunity to be in a much more stable setting the momentum we're building on culture and how people are working together. Mike coming in and his perspective and working closely with Kevin and his team, I feel really good about the opportunity going forward now is for us to leverage the strength we have in our operating model and the people we have to get more efficient.  Obviously, we want to see more safety improvement this year as we saw in the fourth quarter of last year and building momentum there, and then take advantage of the opportunity to grow with our customers. We now have over a year of providing stable, persistent, reliable service that our customers are recognizing us for. And we have the opportunity now to talk to each one of them about, okay, what can we do together to grow and how can we work together? The journey on efficiency, safety, culture never ends, and we're going to keep working together. But I will tell you, we come into 2024, our network was in good shape, very good shape. Our manpower levels are in good shape. The team is working better together than I’ve seen it in the time I’ve been here. And so that gives us confidence that we can build on the momentum we’ve established over the last year.
Mike Cory: Yeah, thank you, Joe. And good afternoon, everyone. Let's go to Slide 8 and let's just go to the Q4 recap. As I've said many times before, safety is foundational to every success we have. We saw a reduction in engineering and mechanical related accidents and a reduction in transportation injuries during the quarter. And I really want to thank every CSX employee for their continued efforts on creating a safe working environment for themselves and each other and that is extremely important.  But we know we still have worked to do well. Though the full year numbers showed overall improvement, we were flat on transportation related accidents, and saw an increase in engineering related accidents. These are all areas of opportunities we aim to improve in 2024 and beyond. Safety at its core isn't solely about incidents, it's about how employees feel working within the organization. We have an environment where employees feel included, respected, valued and listened to, we can continue to identify areas of improvement as a team and change them.  In 2023 we listened to our employees and we made positive changes to the work environment in response, converting these conversations in sound successful practices. Our results are beginning to demonstrate that this is already making a difference but we have a ways to go. We'll continue to keep this dialogue open and learn from each other.  When done right, the entire ones CSX team will meet its great potential when it comes to operating safely and efficiently and service to our customers. Over the next slide, and on this slide is pretty self-explanatory to me. It shows we've stabilized our network and we've performed pretty well over the quarter. While one of our key focus areas is on maintaining and bettering our customer facing metrics.  Our fluidity has started to allow us to look deeper at our operating plan, again to better align the hard assets needed to move the volume. The team's been focused on maximizing car connections and maximizing the train load, while at the same time reducing locomotive dwell and active horsepower on trains. As a result, we've seen both the reduction in active locomotive use and daily train start.  Tighten connections standards in our yards are starting to drive changes to our operating plan that result in quicker connections. Driving a strong focus on using our locomotive technology to reduce fuel usage on line of road has contributed to a savings overall fuel cost. Altogether, we're finding tangible opportunities to open up more capacity on this network. I expect these metrics to continue to improve as we go forward.  Moving over to Slide 10. And I really believe we've made good headway in Q4 and especially over 2023. Our key metrics continue to improve in our network fluid. Our headcount is at the point that we're now able to manage through efficiency and attrition. We’re paying close attention to resource requirements for any new business coming online when needed. Our focus on car connections and train tonnage closely matched horsepower along with network fluidity allowed us to reduce 2.5% of our daily starts in the quarter and start to store active locomotives.  Among other things, this coming quarter, we'll be performing full territory reviews with our team that will further improve our customer service and continue to identify opportunities to better align asset use. And of course, we'll be working right along with Kevin and his sales and marketing team to deliver this great service and grow with our customers.  During closing, during my four months on the property, I continue to learn more about this network and especially the women and men that make up this tremendous ONE CSX team. I'm extremely excited about our potential to deliver our customers better service with greater safety, efficiency and teamwork.  I'm excited to do this together as one group of great railroaders. So thanks for the time. Over to you, Kevin.
Mike Cory: Sorry. I was just going to finish up. Look, overall asset use, whether it's locomotives, trains we run, how productive all of us are, they're front and center for what we look at. And so for me, it's really, I'd say out of a scale out 1 to 10, I'm about a 4 in terms of where I am in understanding our network and understanding our people. However, we're really starting to focus in on the things that aren't working right. They aren't working against what we think we can do with the franchise, with the network we have. So whether it's size of trains, the state of the train, the use of the technology we have to get the most out of the locomotive. It's just, right now, it's blocking and tackling, and it's everybody coming together. So we're learning, we're teaching we're sharing best practices. We're doing the things that, in that fourth quarter was really the last couple of months that we really started to see the things we could do because, first of all, we had the head count. We had the reliability and the fluidity of the network.  And so we’re just going to keep grinding that stone. But as I said in my remarks, we’re going to really get deep into the operating plans over every corridor over the next few quarters. And I’ll leave that charge, but I tell you what, I’ve got a lot of people that are that are out there ready to go and they’re very qualified to do this. So I see, to Sean’s point, we got further efficiency ahead of us, but never at the expense of safety and never at the expense of customer service. So our hope is that we continue to provide this great product and the customers are going to come. And that’s how we’ll also get the efficiency that we need.
Mike Cory: Hey, Brandon, I hope you're well. Look, I'm not going to say at this stage that we can add incremental volume without headcount. It depends on what it is and where it's at. But I'm very comfortable with the results we had in a run rate of more train size. And that obviously reduces the impact on the headcount. We've got areas that we just haven't got to in my time yet. And I think the -- and this isn't just about trade and size, but we really, we have a very customer-intensive network. And so we have a lot of yards and locals and first of all, we're looking to button down and make the service reliable.  And with the head count we have right now, we see that we're able to do it. So that leads us to know that we can do better. And so I see the opportunities really in the touches of the cars that we do today. So I see further incremental improvement. I see the ability with the capacity we're creating with the locomotives that we've got added to the storage count to the capacity we created online by having less movements. I see us being able to handle incremental volume with what we have in many cases. But again, there are those key areas we want to make sure that we have the right head count for.
Mike Cory: Yeah, thanks, Ken. It just goes back to what I'm talking about in our yards and our terminal performance, and that's where our focus will be. Again, I've been getting the folks to really focus on connecting cars, increasing train size. So we're going through some growth periods in that sense. Yeah, it's affecting the on-time performance. But at the end of the day, we're counting on making sure we fulfill the trip plan of the customer, and in some cases, it's going to change the way we design our network and the time the trains go.  So I'm not concerned about that at this stage. It certainly isn't anything to do with congestion or poor performance. These are the growing, the growth what I call, growth observations of a network that's starting to change and really look to more maximize the assets that we have out there to create capacity. So it’s not a cause of concern at this moment. Trust me, we look at it in a lot, measured at the minute. So this isn’t, it’s not like we’ve got trains that are late, late, late. These are fractions of hours. And so that’s fine. We know we have to operate on time. But at the end of the day, it’s the delivery to the customer. It’s their first mile, last miles, their pain points that we’re focused on. And at the same time, we’re driving efficiency through running a more condensed network.
Mike Cory: Yeah. And just on top of that, too, Chris. Staying with locomotives, where we still have opportunity to use the locomotives we have out there working, use them harder. And so that’s a big focus for us, whether it’s dwell, whether it’s connection, whether it’s what they’re pulling, I believe we have the capacity to grow just of what we have out there right now.
Sean Pelkey: Thanks, Jonathan. That's a bit of a loaded question, a lot in there. Well, I'll do my best. I think when I step back our target is to always expand margins, and we can do that by growing the business profitably, operating safely and running an efficient railroad.  When I think about 2024 and sort of how that year progresses, we built some momentum coming from Q3 into Q4. We grew volumes. We grew operating income. That's not always the case. Our hope is to continue that momentum going into the first quarter, whether or not withstanding here. And then build that momentum into the second quarter as well. We've got some headwinds year-over-year that we can talk about in the first quarter. They began to ease in the second quarter. And then by the time we get to the second half of the year, the comps are a little bit easier, and that's where I think you'll really see some very strong incremental margins.
Sean Pelkey: Sure, Brian. I'll begin on the copper employees. So we did have some true-ups in terms of vacation and sick leave that I mentioned in the quarter. That was probably about $15 million. We also had work that moved from capital into OE. We typically have that in the fourth quarter. So those will both be tailwinds going into the first quarter on comp per employee. So I would expect if you're modeling that a couple of percentage point improvement versus what we reported in Q4. Should be pretty steady in the first half. And then again, we have that 4% wage increase scheduled in July, so probably step up a little bit in the second half of the year. Notwithstanding the efficiency initiatives that Mike and the team are focused on.
Sean Pelkey: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. I can take a stab at it here. So I think fourth quarter, let's remember, we've got the dynamic of some work moving off of capital and going to OE. That's normal. We'll typically see a little bit of a step-up that reverses back in Q1.  We probably had, call it, $30 million, $35 million of costs in the quarter that were somewhat unusual items that we mentioned but just as a reminder, we had a true-up on vacation and sick leave, that was about $15 million, as I just mentioned. We had another $10 million on depreciation true-up at the end of the year there for that, that's not going to recur. And then the Livingston, Kentucky derailment was about $10 million as well. So you kind of add all that together, those costs roll off as we go into the first quarter.  And then we built some momentum. I mean, as Mike said, he’s already looked at the train plan. He’s reduced some starts driving tonnage up. That’s going to drive fuel efficiency as well, taking some locomotives out. We’re not paying maintenance on those locomotives. So we’re certainly building some momentum. I think that’s going to gradually add in as we go through the year. And that’s why I feel really good about where the incrementals are going to be second half of the year.
Sean Pelkey: Yeah. So just on the first part of the question, Tom, I'll answer that. On the other revenue piece, we're, I would go ahead and model something like $130 million a quarter, which is kind of what we've been running at the second half of this year. Obviously, you do the math on that, it will be a big headwind in Q1 about, call it, $50 million plus. That's why the comps are tougher in Q1 and then a little less in Q2 before we get to the normalized rate.  And then on fuel, don't forget, we had a pretty favorable lag impact in the first half of last year to the tune of almost $70 million across the first and second quarter. So prices have come down a little bit. We are expecting somewhat favorable lag in Q1 of this year, but it's still be a year-over-year headwind. So those are two reasons why we're thinking about more sequential momentum in the first quarter as opposed to being able to deliver growth until we get to the second half of the year.
Sean Pelkey: Yeah. I mean, Chris, one thing to just think about is we added head count through the year in 2023, right? So if we just held everything flat to where we ended the year last year, would be up 2% year-over-year with a little bit more of that year-over-year growth in the first half than in the second half.  I think our view right now is that, by and large, with a couple of exceptions, we should be able to hold head count flat and absorb the new growth that's coming on in the network. And so we'll be able to do that. First quarter, it won't look like tremendous employee efficiency just because we added through the year last year, we get into the second half of the year. I think that's where you're going to see the labor productivity show up.
Sean Pelkey: Amit, on your Q1 margin question, I think I'll just sort of stick to what I said before in terms of building momentum from Q4 to Q1. That's our goal. It's to deliver if we can, operating income growth sequentially from Q4 to Q1. The margins will be what they are based on what, where fuel prices settle. But can we grow margins as well in Q1. Sure. I think that's within the realm of possibility.  Again, whether or notwithstanding, we had a rough couple of weeks we're coming out of that, things are certainly looking better across the network as we speak. So you'll see the weekly volumes and see how that catches up from there.  In terms of your comment on PS&O, I think it's a good reminder for everybody to go back and understand we added quality carriers a couple of years ago, a significant portion of the expenses within quality shows up in the PS&O line. And that is quite volume variable. And so, as we see increases or decreases in the trucking revenue line, that's going to impact PS&O expense as well.  We also added PanAm. There are PS&Operator expenses associated with the revenue that we added across that part of the network as well. And then PS&Operator can also be somewhat volume driven, particularly on the intermodal side, the terminal related expenses show up there on that line. So what I said was going from Operator4 to Operator1 on PS&Operator like we normally do, we would expect a little bit of a sequential increase in those costs and have no doubt, we are certainly focused on that line item amongst others as an area of opportunity to continue to drive cost savings.
Sean Pelkey: Yeah, David, I'll start. So on your question there, Yeah. So deferred tax, $380 million, which was essentially a benefit to 2023. We will make that payment in the first half of 2024. And then on the CapEx, basically going from 2.3 to 2.5 million, so that's about a $200 million increase on that side.
Sean Pelkey: Yeah, Ravi. So on the operating leverage point, I would say that the leverage is there underlying the business, right? We've had some discrete headwinds that I mentioned in the script. And as we go into the first half of this year, Q1, you got fuel lag from last year, you have other revenue coming down. You've got an insurance recovery. Those are things that we're going to have to lap and get behind us and then a little bit of a tail into Q2 as well, which is why in the second half, on a reported basis, you'll see it show up a lot more cleanly. In terms of the macro, I think, yeah, we feel pretty confident about our ability to grow even in the face of a macro that's relatively flat. We have some business wins that are carryover, got some new business that's coming online, and we should be able to absorb most of that with the existing resources, if not tighten up the plan a little bit and save some costs.
Kevin Boone: Hey, Justin, this is Kevin. I think you hit on it right there on the coal RPU. Obviously, very healthy market right now, how much you embed that going forward? We're optimistic, but we know this market can move around quite a bit. And so maybe a little bit of conservative outlook as we move through the year. Hopefully, there's some upside to that, but that's largely impacting it, as you mentioned, from an RPU perspective.  The other thing that I would highlight is we do expect the intermodal market to bounce back here, and that's a lower RPU business as well, but that will be contributory to our growth this year from a volume and revenue perspective. So lower ARPU overall. So that will mix it down a bit. But those are the two large factors that you just highlighted and you know about.
Kevin Boone: Yeah. And then on pricing, I think, as we talked about all last year, we had to react to a much higher inflation environment that we all experienced, quite frankly. And, you'll see a lot of that carryover, right? These contracts are negotiated some on a multiyear period, some year-over-year. We know how to negotiate every year. So it's fair to say our expectation coming into '24 is cost inflation for our business will be a little bit lower. So I would expect that number to come down when we have our conversations but still very healthy when you look at historical rates, what we were able to achieve. And obviously, that's an important part of our revenue growth story is both volume balanced approach between volume and price.
Kevin Boone: Yeah. I would think, I've heard many characterize last year as maybe the worst trucking market they've seen in the last 40 years. So I think there's a lot of hope that we're at the bottom or have reached the bottom. I will say, and we've been recognized and I highlighted this in the opening comments, the customers are seeing the service levels that we're delivering. And I know Mike has plans to even improve some of our true terminal fluidity even further.  We're looking at ways where we're going to measure the customer experience in a different way. Measure their truck on time terminal and all those things that really are important for those customers that drive value for their customers, quite frankly. So a lot of those initiatives are underway, and that gives us a lot of confidence as we move forward through the year that not only hopefully the market has bottomed, but on top of that, that we’re going to be able to gain share with the service product that we’re able to deliver.
Kevin Boone: Yeah. In terms of the cadence from a volume and revenue perspective, I think we've been clear in that first quarter, some coal dynamics, other things from a pricing perspective or probably the high watermark that we'll have to lap, but pretty even cadence through the year after that. You'll probably remember, we started to see some weakness into the second quarter on the industrial side of our business.  And when you think about chemicals and our forest products business, in particular, some very strong, weakness that started to occur that we were, that will begin the lap quite frankly, as we get into the second quarter, late second quarter and third and fourth. So, but when we look across the year, we think we’re able to achieve growth throughout the year.
Kevin Boone: Yeah, Walter, we all read your notes here. Obviously, we've been intimately looking at that, and we have our own sources. But we do a bottoms-up build up, right? We look at, we talk to our customers. We understand what the demand they're seeing in their business, how they're forecasting, what they're telling their investors and their stakeholders in terms of what they're seeing. And quite frankly, this market right now is still a production -- production is going to either decide our upside or limit our upside. It's not, we don't see a demand -- demand right now where it is impacting our volumes next year. It's really a production-constrained market from everything that we're seeing.  We see some weakness in the domestic market. We think there is an export market that can continue to put some of that volume into that market. So there is optimism. Obviously, I know this market can change quite quickly. The global environment changes quickly. But for what we see right now and what our customers are telling us, and, there will be some weather impact as we get into the year, we'll look at the summer to see if it's hotter than usual or where that shakes out, that will obviously impact our domestic business, but we do think there's an export business that as an outlet for some of the domestic side if we saw some further weakness there.
