Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Clarence, and good morning everyone. I’m pleased to report that 2013 was a year highlighted by an industry leading safety record, consistent high levels of service for our customers, and continued efficiency gains. As you know, safety is our first and foremost priority. In 2013 CSX continued to evolve its public and employee safety programs, leading the industry in both personal injury and training accident frequency rates.  While we are pleased with those accomplishments, we are saddened by the loss of four employees last year, and are committed to avoid such tragedies, and to keep all of our employees and the communities in which we work safe. Let me turn now turn to the company’s operating performance. While overall performance remains strong, some of the measures were down slightly in the fourth quarter, both for CSX and the rest of the industry. This is in part due to more challenging weather conditions at the end of 2013, combined with strong volume levels driven by the record grain harvest, food oil shipments, and peak intermodal loads. Looking at our network measures, velocity held fairly constant and [dwell] improved once again in the fourth quarter. This is evidence of our strong asset utilization and ability to keep the network fluid in the face of difficult operating conditions.  Now, before I turn to my resource management discussion, on the next slide, let me just quickly express my gratitude to all the field personnel at CSX for their professionalism, drive, and extra efforts to serve our customers safely and efficiently during these last few challenging weeks. Thank you all. Now, turning to slide 15, carloads were up 6% and gross ton miles were up 6.5% in the quarter, as we saw strong growth in customer shipments. Moving down the chart, you can see that resource counts were up significantly less than volume, driving continued efficiency gains. Road crew starts were only up about 3.5%, primarily as a result of growth in unit [train] commodities such as grain and crude oil. The active locomotive count was up 3%, largely due to higher volume as overall efficiency improved once again.  Looking sequentially, the active locomotive count rose by approximately 150 units from the third to the fourth quarter to handle the increased volume. In fact, we had anticipated even more savings from locomotive productivity as we had seen earlier in the year but made the conscious decision to keep these locomotives active to support more fluid operations. Furthermore, we have retained these units and service in the early part of 2014 to provide extra recoverability during the especially harsh early winter. As the year progresses, we will continue to flex our resources as quickly as possible based on volume, service demands, and of course operating conditions. Finally, total operations employment was essentially flat in the quarter, reflecting significant improvements in employee efficiency against the volume gains in the quarter. Let’s now look at full year efficiency savings on slide 16. As a result of the operating team’s tremendous focus to deliver productivity while maintaining high service levels, CSX generated $158 million of efficiency savings in 2013, in line with our guidance.  The most significant cost savings in the year came from fuel efficiency initiatives, crew productivity, and improved locomotive utilization. Further, I am pleased to tell you today that we once again have good line of sight to specific initiatives for further savings and expect to generate over $130 million of efficiency savings in 2014. Now let me wrap up on the next slide. CSX’s primary focus remains ensuring that all our employees and the communities we work in stay safe. Service remains at high levels, and customer satisfaction is at an all-time high. CSX recently received a record score in a third-party survey of our customers, eclipsing 2012’s previous high. We will build on this success to continue providing flexible solutions for our customers to enable growth while improving our asset utilization. Lastly, as I mentioned, I’m very pleased with the operating team’s delivery of over $150 million in savings in 2013 and feel very confident about our ability to generate another year of at least $130 million of savings in 2014. So with that, let me turn the presentation over to Fredrik to review the financials. 
Oscar Munoz: Clearly from a tank car standard perspective, there are many discussions and conversations going about that. As we move forward, clearly we will take all of that into account and working with our regulators and our customers try to ensure that we have the best sort of footstep going forward.
Oscar Munoz: It’s hard to say at this point in time. I think those standards are under review under the PHMSA organization, and I think as we get information from them, we’ll get a better sense of that. 
Oscar Munoz: No, productivity has always been part of our overall goal. And as we discuss the fourth quarter, you just have to keep in mind that we experienced one of the first true fall peaks in recent memory with the strong growth across all the markets that Clarence discussed.  And while we did have some modest impact to, as you mentioned, departures and arrivals when the harsh weather arrived, and we had a couple of derailments in critical spots, all the things that an outdoor [unintelligible] railroading eventually faces, I’m very confident, incredibly confident, we can continue to improve our service and operate safely while we get the productivity. Those initiatives that we have for next year are very much aligned, and the objectives are being worked by the team. So it’s part of the overall goal, and we have great lines of sight to them. 
Oscar Munoz: I think the way to think about it, and the way we have thought about it, is we forecast most of this volume increase, and have been preparing for it. Our pipeline of engineers and conductors is well in line. We’ve got roughly a thousand people coming out over here. And our peak period of [TTMs] is weeks 9 through 23. So we’ve been planning for this for some time. So the resources that we’ve raised, primarily locomotives and engineers and conductor work, I think will stay relatively static. We’ve got all the people in place, and we’re waiting and continuing to deliver on this great business that’s coming our way. So no real change.
Oscar Munoz: I think in the general same sort of trend that we’ve had. Our crew starts will be less than our volume in TTMs, and that consistent pattern I think will continue. So no real change. 
Oscar Munoz: You know, that’s a constant question we’ve asked ourselves for a while. And I think one of the reasons we exhibited the chart that we did is that there is a good staying power and a history to it. We have a very great cross-functional team that’s focused on those outer years, and every time they get together and they come up with ideas for the near term as well as the long term, it appears to be a very positive outlook. So without giving too much guidance, I think for the very near future, over the next few years, I think we’ll continue at that rate.
Oscar Munoz: As you can imagine, it is a very complicated business sometimes, but it boils down to those basic same factors. And there’s a lot of technology involved, and a lot of process change, and of course a lot of great and hard work by people. But yeah, pretty much in the same lines.
Michael Ward: Thank you, Fredrik. In 2013 our team once again demonstrated the ability to manage through the volatility of the marketplace by focusing on the things we control the most and delivering value for customers and shareholders.  As we look to the year ahead, we see broad-based growth across most of our markets. While the headwinds in coal will persist in 2014, CSX’s merchandise and intermodal markets, which now collectively represent 83% of our volume, are expected to grow at a rate higher than the overall economy.  Over the past four years alone, these markets have collectively added $2.7 billion of revenue to our top line and allowed CSX to still produce earnings growth while going through the evolution in the energy markets. Continued growth in these markets, along with greater efficiency and inflation plus pricing that reflects the value of our service, will help us grow profitably long term. Fredrik mentioned earlier that this is another transition year for CSX as we adjust to the new energy environment. But when I look to the future, I see a vibrant business with a diverse portfolio capable of sustaining double digit earnings growth long term. I’m confident we can capitalize on the momentum before us as the economy continues to grow, and as the nation increasingly recognizes the economic and environmental benefits of rail transportation. And now we’ll be glad to take your questions. 
Michael Ward: I would describe it as this: The first two weeks were essentially, from a freight standpoint, a non-event due to the weather impact that occurred as you’re aware. We had severe weather across the north end of our railroad. A lot of freight was backed up.  My view is that by the end of the quarter we will have recovered any of that revenue and freight that we would have lost. In fact, just this week, when we report our numbers for the week, you’ll find that our volumes have picked up significantly. So on the first part of your question, I feel very positive as we move into the first part of this year. And looking forward into this year, the economic indicators that I see show a moderately expanding U.S. economy. And so I feel good that we can continue both in our intermodal area and our agricultural area, and in our chemical areas, both traditional chemicals and those that are related to the oil and gas exploration industry. I feel very positive in those regards. So I think we’re going to have a very good 2014.
Michael Ward: Our pricing last quarter, as you know, at 2.9 on all commodities or merchandise and intermodal commodities excluding coal, could have been slightly higher, somewhere in the 3.2 area, had the impact of [RCAS] in the fourth quarter not have been negative.  So we feel like we’re pricing, except for that coal, near what we would view as what long term inflation is, which is 3% to 4%. Current inflation, last year, as you know, came in very low. And the current projection for inflation by Global Insights - it came out on January 14 - is at 1.5%. So with the pricing that we already have in place, you’ll see our pricing start to firm up here in 2014.  Now, where we have longer term contracts, that may take six months, nine months, until they come up for renewal before you’ll see the impact on those. 
Michael Ward: You do know, these cars are largely owned by the customers or leasing companies. And at least there’s some speculation out there that there may be some requirements for retrofits. There’s been various discussions of how much those retrofits should be. So again, it will probably be a number of months if that evolves. But our guess is that the required expense, while large, won’t impact our ability to move this [crude] by rail. 
Michael Ward: On the first quarter, we think it will actually be up on a year over year basis, because of our own weak comparables. Last year’s first quarter was weak. On the full year basis, we think we’ve seen coal start to bottom out is point number one.  Point number two is, if this weather continues the way it is, the utility stockpiles will continue to draw down. Those in the south are not yet at normal levels, but they are continuing to drop. Those that are in the north are at normal levels, and with some business additions and all that we were able to pick up here in the first of the year, that was the whole point that I tried to make with you, that you could expect, particularly because of some moves we have in our northern region, shorter lengths of hauls, which in turn would produce a lower RPU. 
Michael Ward: I’d like to add a little bit to that. So if I think about the value creation we did over let’s call it the 2004 to 2012 period, as you know, same-store sales was running at about 6.5% per year. Obviously in the last couple of years, it’s been more in that 3% to 4% range. And the trees don’t grow the sky. We were not going to get 6.5% forever, but we think that 3% to 4% is very sustainable over time.  Because if I think about our business, we create a lot of value through pricing and through productivity. Going forward, we’ve still got to have the above inflation pricing, which we’re very confident of. We have to have the productivity, which we’re very confident of, and we need to add that third element, which is growth. And if you look over the last four years, we’ve grown in merchandise and intermodal $2.7 billion, and it’s been somewhat masked that we’ve been able to grow this because of that dramatic decline in coal. But as that coal stabilizes, I think those will be the three value creators, growth in intermodal and merchandise, continued productivity, and pricing above inflation.
Michael Ward: I understand what you’re asking. So if I look at the coal business, obviously it’s been in a pretty dramatic transformation here, and we’ve been adapting to that. And obviously the pricing has been a little weaker, especially on the export side. But as the coal stabilizes, the coal based utility plants that are there are going to be required to keep the lights on, and I think our normal pricing within coal will resume as we go forward.  The export market is always going to be more volatile. We think it’s volatile at a higher tonnage level, but clearly that’s the part that’s going to be the most variable. So we’re going to be up some in up times and down some in down times in the export, but the domestic, once we get this reset, we’ll have what I call normal pricing power. 
Michael Ward: There are active dialogs going on with the customers, with the various agencies within the DoT, and you know, it will take some time to work these things through. But there is active dialog to make sure we continue to build on the great safety record we have in moving these products. 
Michael Ward: So you’re saying most of the decline we’re going to see from these plants shutting down because of the environmental regs and gas prices has occurred.
Michael Ward: Illinois Basin now is about 30%, which is similar to our Central App tons of freight. So it’s equal to Central App right now, and growing.
Clarence Gooden: Well, without getting into the details of our contract discussions with our customers, because each one is different, what we’ve done is try to focus on optimizing our bottom line. And I feel pretty good about where we’ve ended up. I did mention to you that we will have, as a result of some of those negotiations, a shorter length of haul in our traffic this year. And you can expect the export rates will remain low until the market itself changes, particularly the thermal market in Europe.  So we feel like we’re coming out of here pretty good. About a year ago, we told you that about 25% of our utility contracts were under the fixed variable structure. Some of our customers have not chosen to go to the fixed variable, but now about 35% of our utility business is under the fixed variable. 
Clarence Gooden: I don’t think so at all. I think those stockpiles will be normalized here and coal will have bottomed out somewhere by the middle of the year. And I expect if anything, there’s more positive to it than downside.
Clarence Gooden: Coal’s going to depend on a multiple series of events. The export side of coal is going to be dealing with what is the demand, both on the thermal side and the metallurgical side, and it’s a globally traded commodity. So as it goes up, we’re going to go up with it in terms of pricing. And as it goes down, we’re going to go down to what we feel is a floor level that we’ll go down to in our pricing on that. And the other markets, I think our record has been that we have consistently priced in the 3% plus area over the last few quarters here, and I see no reason for that not to continue. In fact, if the economy does what some economists have been predicting, just as recently as yesterday, with the release of the Beige Book, saying that in most sectors of the United States the economy was growing modestly, then our pricing power comes back even stronger.
Clarence Gooden: There’s about 25% of our utility contracts that are up for renewal this year. It’s a little difficult for me to speculate right now. We’ve got a couple of utilities that are looking at going to the fixed variable that are not yet quite sold on the concept.
Clarence Gooden: We have been having discussions with shippers about some of the proposed regulations at the various agencies that the Department of Transportation has, but sort of along the lines Michael and Oscar addressed earlier, it’s much too early to speculate on what those regulations are going to be. So the shippers are in about the same mode the rest of us are, and that’s to take a sit and be cautious, and let’s see what the final outcome is.
Clarence Gooden: From our standpoint, we’re at the bottom for our rate structure on export coal. And as the market adjusts upward, you can expect to see us move upward with it.
Clarence Gooden: First, on our intermodal pricing, as you’re aware, we’re having price strictly to what the truck market is, and there’s big competition there. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did get price, but it was offset by the decline in the fuel surcharge during that period of time. In fact, our pricing was very solid in our intermodal this year. I guess the second part of your question was what do we expect in terms of growth, and can we continue and sustain it? And my answer is yes. That’s evident by the fact that, number one, we’re expanding our northwest Ohio intermodal hub just a few years after it was opened.  Number two, we’re opening up and completing this year a new terminal in Montreal, which is a 7 million person market that we haven’t effectively penetrated. In April of this year we’ll open up our new Winterhaven intermodal facility in south Florida. We’ve made an announcement for an expansion, a new intermodal terminal in Pittsburgh. We just doubled the size of our Louisville intermodal terminal, after only having been open two years. So we have positive views about our intermodal business.  And finally, last year we started up a program that we called our Beneficial Owners program. We had a commercial name for it called Highway to Rail Conversions, H2R. And it has been highly successful this year in growing our business. And I just met with that group last week, and I think they’re going to be very successful in being able to address that 9 million truckload opportunity that Michael has referred to in the near future.
Clarence Gooden: As you see those truckload rates firm up more and more, you’ll see our rates start to follow them. Lag time will be not as long as you think, actually, because a lot of the business is going to be on a transactional basis.
Clarence Gooden: You know, I don’t have a number off the top of my head, because we have three different ways that we address those domestic markets.
Clarence Gooden: Well, we moved, as you probably know, about 46,000 loads of crude in 2013, primarily to the eastern U.S. refineries. And we’ve told you on some of the previous calls we’re averaging between one and two trains a day. And the second train a day tended to be more in the fourth quarter and throughout the year. So in 2014 we expect to increase that crude. So you can use a number of about 50%, and we will move to two trains a day on a continuous basis over time. And then we’ll start to position ourselves as more and more of the unloading points along the East Coast are developed.
Clarence Gooden: The plants that we and our customers have identified as closing in 2015, those shipments have been curtailed, in most cases fairly dramatically, although one of those plants in particular, and I unfortunately can’t release the name of it, has actually taken some inbound coal during the last 30 days, because of this weather related activity that’s been going on. But we haven’t seen anything in regard to the other plants materially, as your question would imply.
Clarence Gooden: And the last part is, and we just saw this in the weather related part, those plants that are not scheduled to be closed, that have already been scrubbed, are actually run harder and for longer periods of time. So the total burn of coal is virtually neutral.
Clarence Gooden: I don’t know the exact number, but it’s a double digit number of OD pairs that we’ve created out of northwest Ohio. We’ve also added services out of Atlanta into the northeast. So it’s a significant number. 
Clarence Gooden: It is. That’s exactly what it is on the fixed component. In effect, it eliminates liquidated damages. But one of the other advantages that it has to the utilities is that the price of the coal itself, on the variable part, goes into the equation for the dispatch cycle of which type of generation will be dispatched.
Clarence Gooden: The combination of our Illinois Basin and PRB for this quarter was 49%. And a positive impact is that the more of the Illinois Basin that replaces the Central App, particularly into the Florida regions and the longer haul regions, is actually we view as a positive, because it’s a much longer length of haul and the revenue is higher on it. 
Clarence Gooden: It tends to be, because it comes across the Chicago Interchange, and mostly penetrates into our system as far east as New York. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Sequentially, from the third quarter, we did see a little bit of impact of higher train accidents in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. We also clearly saw the impact of volume. And it was also one of those quarters where we saw a fair amount of SG&A expenses all moving in the wrong direction, from bad debt and some other things. So a lot of things went the wrong way. And some impact from weather there as well, I would say. So sequentially it was a tough quarter.  As I think about 2014, I would say in the first quarter, you know that overall, MS&O is the hardest one to forecast, but if you start with last year’s performance, which I think was around 510 or so, you add the $50 million of real estate gains that we don’t have here in the first quarter of 2014, add inflation, and look at headcount, which is roughly flat, maybe up 1% or so based on what we’re seeing, and some weather impact, probably a good starting point. I don’t think it’s going to be, at least not at this point, I don’t expect it to be as high as it was here in the fourth quarter. But it’s clearly going to be higher than what you saw last year.
Fredrik Eliasson: Let me just answer your question as far as earnings for 2014 first. And we laid out our longer term guidance in terms of the fact that we still have visibility into the low end of the guidance. We’re going to need some help from coal.  But in 2014 specifically, I would say that we do expect earnings growth in 2014, but it is going to be predominantly in the second half of the year. I would say the first half of the year, because of the headwinds, with real estate gains and also cycling the full effect of the lower prices we have in our export coal business, I would say the best place to think about the first half is probably earnings to be flat to slightly down. But for the full year, we do expect earnings to grow. 
Fredrik Eliasson: It’s consistent with what we’ve said now for I guess over a quarter, which is we’re going to make some progress here in 2014 towards the long term guidance that we have in place. It’s clearly going to be more back end loaded than we had originally estimated, and we’re going to need some help from coal in 2015 in order to be able to get there. That’s our best view at this point. 
Fredrik Eliasson: With the guidance that Clarence provided in his prepared remarks, that we think in the mid-30s range is what export coal is going to be for 2014, and we ended up 2013 with about 44 million tons, you have a pretty significant impact just on the volume alone.  Then on top of that, you’re going to be cycling the price adjustments that we did throughout 2013, and especially in the third quarter. So between the volume impact and the price decrease that we did last year, you have a pretty significant headwind.  And then as Clarence said, while we think volume for the year on the domestic side will be flat, we do expect our revenue per unit on the domestic side to be down in that low single digit number. So there will be significant headwind in our coal business for 2014.  Now, the good news is that, you know, if you ask me about our coal business today versus two months ago, because of what we’re seeing on the weather side here over the last few weeks, we feel a little bit better about where things can end up.  But right now, the best visibility is we’re going to need some help in 2015 to get to that low end of that guidance. We’re going to need some help on the coal side. 
Fredrik Eliasson: I think we’re going to see some help in our pension expense in 2014 versus 2013. It’s been a headwind for the last couple of years as we amortized the loss of what we saw in 2008 and 2009. But I think as we get into 2014, it will be a modest help to us. So that’s good news. 
Fredrik Eliasson: So far, no, we’re going to go into a normal renewal cycle and we try to, as we always do, educate our partners on the insurance side about the excellent safety record that we have, and all the initiatives we have to make it even safer. So nothing at this point.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, it’s not a direct correlation. It is an estimate of what the industry is incurring, as to what that [unintelligible] is supposed to be. So we had about $120 million of inflation at CSX in 2013, and I would say we’re probably going to see a similar amount in 2014. We’ll continue to benefit from both lower than normal health and welfare costs, because of some of the cost sharing arrangements we have, and also the demographic changes. And we’re also seeing some relatively muted materials inflation at this point. So I would say that inflation assumptions for 2014 should be pretty similar to what we saw in 2013.
Fredrik Eliasson: And if we think about the plants that are about to close, between now and kind of 2016/2017/2018, our best estimate that we’ve shared publicly before is that there’s about 7 million tons or so that is left to come out over the next five years. And it’s not that it’s going to come out all in 2015. It’s going to be spread out between ’15 and ’16 and ’17. And so that’s a little less than 10%, about 10%, of our overall utility portfolio, what they still expect to see. So it is down significantly, and there’s a relatively small portion left to come out, that 10%, which can easily be overshadowed by some sort of just normal demand recovery and getting through this inventory overhang we have seen over the last few years.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think I gave you the components, similar to what we’ve done in the past. And we always separate out domestic versus export, because it’s just hard to predict the export business. The domestic side, we said flat volume. We have said on the export side, coming from 44 million tons down to about 35 million tons, continue cycling the impact of the price reductions we took in 2013. And so overall, we think that the RPU in 2014 for our coal business as a whole will be down in that low single digit area.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think what we said is that we’re going to need some help from coal. I think there’s a lot of other things that are going on in our business, as Clarence outlined earlier, that is very positive right now. If you look at his outlook table, a significant portion, the vast majority of our businesses, are doing very well. And we frankly have probably picked up a little bit more than we would have thought from that perspective. We continue to do very well on the productivity side.  But clearly, we’re going to need some help. But I don’t think we necessarily need to get back all the way where we were in the first quarter of last year, when we issued the guidance. Because the rest of the business continues to be very vibrant and we continue to drive great productivity savings through Oscar’s teams. But we will need some help. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Throughout the fourth quarter, including the third quarter earnings call, we issued essentially pretty clear guidance, I thought, about the fourth quarter was going to be a pretty challenging quarter, because we knew we were going to cycle both the incentive comp issue and the real estate. And you couple that with the casualty, another $16 million, you had $75 million of things that we don’t expect long term to have to deal with.  If you adjust $137 million of revenue growth and take out that $75 million, you’ll see that our incremental margins for the quarter were right around 55% or something like that. And we know that we will have this headwind on the real estate side throughout the first half of next year, but once we get through that, we are pretty confident that we’re going to get back to a more normal place where we’ve been in the past, and where we would have been this quarter if it wasn’t for this headwind. 
Fredrik Eliasson: We are doing a lot of rebuilds in 2014, especially on a portion of our coal fleet. That is a big driver. We’re also purchasing some jumbo hoppers and some auto racks as well. And in terms of our coal fleet, I think you might know this, but on the utility side, over 90% of our fleet is really owned by the utilities and not CSX. And that has obviously been a great impact and helped us significantly, the fact that that market has declined, we haven’t sat on a significant portion of excess capacity. So it’s going to be between rebuilds on the coal cars, it’s going to be automotive racks, and then also jumbo covered hoppers that we’re going to spend most of the capital in 2014.
