Michael Ward: Thank you. As Frank discussed, it's clear this continues to be a challenging freight environment with plenty of macroeconomic headwinds. Thanks to the extraordinary work of our employees, CSX is delivering record levels of efficiency and rightsizing resources to the business demand of today. Looking longer term, the company has a bright future as the men and women of CSX are simultaneously positioning the company for growth, where we have the resource flexibility to serve future demand. This will position CSX to maximize long-term opportunities in both our merchandize and intermodal markets. As a result, we continue to be enthusiastic about the core earning power of the company as the market headwinds subside. As we work to transform this company into the CSX of tomorrow, we must grow and make more profitable the merchandize and intermodal markets, which represent our future. At the same time we will continue to preserve the business value of coal, recognizing that it will become a smaller but still important part of our company. Our future evolves leveraging a premier highly efficient network that reaches diverse merchandize and intermodal markets and nearly two thirds of the American consumers. It requires consistent excellent service for customers, which in turn supports efficiency, profitable growth and pricing that allows us to continue investing for the future and includes technology solutions to drive an ever more safe, reliable and efficient railroad. As we manage today's business environment to deliver on the future potential, we continue to focus on achieving a mid 60s operating ratio longer term to deliver compelling value for you, our shareholders. And now, we’re pleased to take your questions.
Michael Ward: In terms of the mix, I will say that obviously we're going to continue to have the overarching exchange between coal gone away and we're growing intermodal. We have indicated that we do think things will moderate in terms of overall volume decline as we move throughout the year. However, third quarter is still going to be a challenging quarter and frankly, so will fourth quarter, but we do expect things to improve from a volume perspective as we move throughout the second half of the year.
Michael Ward: Hey Ken, honestly it was the avoidance of seller financing charges that we would have incurred if we had stuck with the original deal to pay off the engines next year. So, it’s just a timing over a couple of months. No impact on cash flow. It’s kind of a one-time thing switch between 2017 and 2016.
Michael Ward: Well, we either pay the financing charges or avoid them by pulling it forward and as Cindy is mentioning, every dollar is on the table and that seems like a good way to save a little bit of money as we look forward into 2017.
Michael Ward: Sure. So the only thing that we exclude from core investment is positive train control. If you look at what we're doing this year, our all-in number of 2.7 has the $300 million increase for the engines that I just mentioned. It has $300 million for positive train control, which gets you down to the $2.1 billion of core capital that we had started the year talking about and as you might remember, that was a decline of over $100 million in core capital from 2015. You will continue to see us focus hard on core capital and making sure that we’re making the right decisions in terms of infrastructure, equipment and return seeking investments. As you think about PTC going into 2017, that number should decline some from the levels that you see here in 2016 and should step down a little bit and then again between '17 and '18 as we set our sights toward being compliant with the FRAs and Congress’s mandate that would be hardware complete by the end of 2018. And then it should let down even further between '17, excuse me, '18 and '19 and then hopefully all of that will go away as we get to full implementation in 2020 and then you won’t see us carry a positive train control CapEx line after that. It will just become embedded within the broader capital plan.
Michael Ward: Yes this is Michael, we're really excited about the CCX opportunity. We're finding that we’re getting great cooperation from the state and local officials. We're very encouraged that we will be able to work cooperatively with them. As you mentioned it's a public-private partnership with the State providing back half of the funds. Us providing other half of the funds and we think it's going to be a tremendous economic development opportunity for the State of North Carolina and we're very excited about the progress we're making on it. The exact location hasn’t been finally determined at this point, but we're continuing to make good progress.
Michael Ward: It's going to be roughly $150 million or ours, which is part of the long-term capital plan that Frank evaluated and the State is putting up close to a similar amount for the facility.
Michael Ward: Yes, so Allison on the coal RPU specifically, we did have some positive mix. Obviously we also had the help of fixed variable contract and continued pricing on the domestic side. Offsetting that is of course fuel surcharge revenue coming down and then the actions that we've taken on the export coal market. I do think that it changes quarter-by-quarter, but it is a sustainable level and there will be quarters when it will be up and there will be quarters when it will down. The focus on our part is to make sure that we continue to do core pricing appropriately and then let fuel and mix fall where it was going to fall.
Michael Ward: Nothing specific that we have about a quarter, 20% to 25% of our contract coming up here by the end of the year, but nothing specifically here in the second quarter that would have changed RPU number.
Michael Ward: Sure Tom. Really is impact from the fact that last year in the third quarter we had a significant ramp-up in our domestic intermodal business and as we move in here to the third quarter, we're going to start laughing that which is going to make the volume compares a lot more difficult than it's been in the first part of the year and that's really the key driver. The market out there is obviously continues to be challenged with a fair amount of excess capacity. From our perspective though, the intermodal store is broader than that and we continue to have good success in converting traffic off from the highway and partnership with the trucking industry. And we also continue to get some pricing even in this tough environment, which is bodes well for the long term.
Michael Ward: Sure. So right now where we are, we are in the south and we use an external source for this. We're at about 98 days on forward burn in the south and about 71 in the north and just to give you kind of the average benchmark, I think we’ve in the past in the south we expect average to be about 70 and in the north 55. So whether you look at days burn or tons, we're up about 5% year-over-year using that same source. So we’re still at a pretty elevated level as we sit here today. Clearly the warm weather is helping, but it's highly unlikely that by the end of the year we’ll get to normalized level is our best prediction at this point.
Michael Ward: I’m not commenting one way or another to be honest Scott. I’m telling that we'll give you some guidance on 2017 as we get closer to the end of the year and then as we begin to talk about the CSXs of tomorrow and the associated financial parameters of that, we'll give you some guidance longer term.
Michael Ward: I think overall it’s -- I don’t think you’re going to see a much different picture in terms of the yields. Clearly the fly ash is a big initiative on our side. We're also seeing strength in other parts of our minerals business, but I don’t think you -- that that RPU is significantly different than any other part of our minerals business. So I think those drivers are similar within the other parts of that portfolio as well.
Michael Ward: Well most of the external sources we use and all the discussions with utilities would indicate on average that we'll get there sometime in 2017 hopefully in the first half of 2017. Clearly as I said earlier, this summer is helping. Clearly there are utilities that are below where they want to be and frankly we have seen additional calls here over the last month or so and that’s a pretty low bar because the phone certainly wasn’t ringing and for several months. But it is helping, but you have some of our utilities that we serve have an awful lot of coal on the ground at this point and it’s going to take more than just really hot summer to get it back to where it needs on average.
Michael Ward: I think what you'll see us do in a environmental like this where we realized that the revenue portfolio is in transition and the volume especially on the coal sides coming down as we turn over every rock, and you heard Cindy talk a lot about all the things that she is doing on the operating side, and not to the exclusion of the G&A side. The G&A side every department is also looking for ways, the challenge every cost dollar. So, I think what you are seeing is really an across the board focus in our company to be disciplined on cost. We've always been disciplined on cost. We’ve always tried to offset inflation with productivity but just given where we know the business is going we’re really looking at the structural things in a way to reduce the overall cost intensity of the business. And when volumes inflect positively obviously, we will be able to grow with that both on the earnings and the margin side and to the extent the growth comes in, you know the batch merchandized business or the intermodal business or the automotive business, you should see us grow with - of the incremental margin. So, I think what you are seeing is the company focused on cost given the environment.
Michael Ward: Sure, it depends in large part on how the volumes come back and where the volumes come back. We have engineered a lot of flexibility into the network through the train life in variable scheduling initiatives that you heard us talk about. Again as I mentioned, if volumes come back in class traffic and part of the scheduled network, you should see us be able to grow volumes without adding back variable costs. If the volumes come back in both traffic, where you're adding a new train start for a new bulk train, then you should see us bring that back but again that - the resource is back but again that would be a nice margin so, you would want us to do that.
Michael Ward: You know one of the key things that we are focused on right now within our sales and marketing team is to sell through this cycle of excess capacity and there is excess capacity in the truck market and that is probably impacting our volume to some degree but one of the key things for us is to continue to be able to reinvest in our business and not necessarily chase that down too much, when we see these temporary changes because we do have to be able to be there for our customers day-in and day-out and that is one of the things that we sell with our customers that we got to work through the downturn that we’re seeing right now and we want to be able to be there for you not just today but also tomorrow when capacity is tighter. So we are seeing in certain other markets beyond intermodal where there has been probably some share loss to truck. We look at that each and every deal as the marketplace and we always try to estimate what the second best alternative is and try to match that. And in certain places where that is below what we think is long-term re-investible for us at that point we probably don't participate because we don’t want to do anything unofficially. The pricing level is critical with the service improvements that we have gotten here we have been able to sustain and allow customers to see the long-term value that access to our network provides but in certain places if we have seen some traffic or way back to truck.
Michael Ward: So Fred did you put in place on the tariffs that will take some time to go through all the contracts.
Michael Ward: I don’t think that is my place to comment John. I think overall we work very well with the ports. Certain of the ports have better infrastructures than others of course, but overall it’s a great relationship and I think the East Coast ports are certainly seeing this as an opportunity and have spent a fair amount of capital the last decade to prepare for this so.
Michael Ward: I think steel production year-to-date is relatively flat year-over-year and part of what has helped that has been that the countervailing peers and so forth has been very helpful to stem the flow of imports into the United States. Our volumes are down a little bit more than that and the reason for that is on one hand no closures that has affected us specifically. We have one mill that we both have inbound and outbound too that has closed down. That is really a big driver for our volume decline and we also are seeing the impact in the metal side from little bit more truck competition that we’ve seen before. And so as we think about the second half, I think it's little too early. I think we're going to have some of these specific -- specific CSX related issues that is going to hurt us as we get into the second half of the year. So I think the second half will be pretty challenging still, but the key thing for us is to continue to work with our customers on the deal side, provide a better service product and continue to make sure we can reinvest in the business and that's what we're focusing on.
Frank Lonegro: Yes, I think as we look at Q3 earnings on a year-over-year basis, we had mentioned that they will be down. We haven’t sized that as you know. We've got a challenging market environment that I know Fredrik will get into later in the call impacting the top line. There are comps that begin to ease as we get into the back half of the year. Although as we mentioned, volumes in the third quarter will be down mid-to-high single digits, with crude down international intermodal losses in the coal as we mentioned on a year-over-year basis down as well. So we got some negative mix and as moderating productivity as we get throughout the year, obviously we've delivered about 230 million in productivity in the first half and that implies a certainly moderating productivity level as you get into the Q3 and Q4 and then we try to give you some clarity in the third quarter remarks about where incentive comp might be and certainly with fuel prices where they're going and cycling some of the fuel positives that we had in the third quarter of last year, we're going to have a net fuel headwind as well. So we've got some challenges looking ahead of us in the third quarter, but as I’m sure Cindy will mention later in the call, everything is on the table on the productivity side and pricing continues to be favorable given the environment.
Frank Lonegro: Well, let me hit the fuel and then particularly hit the mix one. So when you look at fuel, we had about a $7 million in-quarter challenge in the second quarter. You would anticipate given where the forward curves are, that the in-quarter challenge will likely be a little bit more difficult sequentially and then given the fact that we’re cycling about a $20 million favorable in the third quarter of last year, you're looking at a pretty big obstacle there.
Frank Lonegro: Hey, Ravi its, Frank. I think what the numbers would imply in the second half would be about $60 million a quarter. It never works out perfectly as you know, but that’s a general run rate in the second half of the year. As we get closure to the end of the year, we'll be able to give you a little bit more guidance on 2017, but like Cindy mentioned and I'll reiterate, our goal is always to offset inflation with productivity and depending on how those numbers play out as you get into forecasting next year’s inflation numbers, you should see us have confidence in our ability to continue to do that in 2017.
Frank Lonegro: Hey thanks, Jeff. In terms of the buybacks, you know we're in the midst of the two year $2 billion program that we announced in April of last year you've seen us essentially ratably buy throughout the period about a $1.2 that we’ve repurchased so far throughout that program, about $800 million or so left. I think absent a recession you should see us continue to do that ratably from now through the end of the first quarter of next year and then revaluate where we are from a cash and a ratings perspective as well as with a forward view of earnings might be at that time.
Frank Lonegro: Hey, Scott its Frank. Certainly we’re in our planning process for 2017. It's really too early for us comment on what we think next year's core CapEx is going to be. I think what’s you’re hearing us say is that we're committed to returning to that about 16% to 17% of revenue from a CapEx perspective within that and any given year there is going to be differences between how much is in infrastructure, how much is an equipment, how much is an return seeking investments. And as I think I've mentioned in the conferences back in June, we’re also committed to making sure that the CSXs tomorrow initiatives are part of that capital guidance. So, it’s not something that you’re going to see as take that guidance. Because of the CSXs tomorrow initiative, we're going to take all the right tradeoffs within that framework in order to be able to deliver on the CSX of tomorrow, which is a very important part of our future as Michael mentioned in his remarks.
Frank Lonegro: Yeah, let me just speak from a sales and marketing perspective. I would say that the efforts here this year has been to really focus on the most service sensitive part of our business specifically intermodal businesses to drive that service up and that's where we made those gains and it is markedly different and it's really helping our pricing efforts. Also one of the key things for us is to reduce the spend around the mean and that is also improving significantly because there's also as we look at a broader portfolio it is about being able to be there each and every day at a reliable way. Our local service has improved significantly as well and really as we look at the customer facing measurements, not so much the measurements that you're seeing in terms of what we disclosed certainly has improved significant as well. So from our perspective, I think we're making the right tradeoffs between productivity and service and as Cindy said on the productivity side, we’ve never done and the same thing holds true on the service side. We always want to do better for our customers and I think we're seeing that cooperation from operations and we feel very good about where we are.
Frank Lonegro: Hi Cherilyn it’s Frank and absolutely we have a lot of rigor within finance organization, which in some respects is the score keeper here. What we do in terms of tracking productivity, we make sure that we normalize for volume first. So to the extent that there are volume variable expenses then those don't count for productivity and what you've seen this year is that in the first half for about $150 million of what we call right sizing or volume variable cost reductions and then $230 million of structural cost efficiencies, there is a lot of accountability around productivity and again that is the way that we take costs out long term. Let me give you just a simplistic example that may help illustrate it so that coal, just because coal volume have come down, so if a coal train ran last year, but doesn't run this year then the cost associated with locomotives and crews and fuel and car costs would come out of volume variable expenses and so you would hear us talk about those in terms of right sizing. Yes, for example and we have instances of this where you have two coal trains than ran last year and this year through the train length initiative and network routing we've actually put those two trains together and run in 200 car trains to 100 car trains, the efficiencies associated with less locomotive intensity crew intensity, fuel intensity etcetera would be allocated toward productivity.
Frank Lonegro: Yes Bascome, it's Frank. I’m not commenting on the numbers that you threw out there. As you know MS&O is awfully difficult to predict in any given year and in any given quarter I think what we said was it will be down moderately versus the prior year which does has some implications sequentially. I think what you’re going to see is we had the timing item on the $10 million casualty reserves, so that's generally what we do in the second quarter, in the fourth quarter of each year we relook at the probability and severity of casualty. And we had a favorable one time item you shouldn't think about that on a sequential basis in the third quarter and then in any given quarter again you have timing items and small onetime items that are going to impact the sequential comparisons. So I think you're directionally accurate although again not commenting on your numbers specifically.
Frank Lonegro: That's where the flexibility I think in our resource planning is critical because to your point earlier, there is a lot of crystal balls out there but I’m not sure which crystal ball is better than the other, what we do as I said earlier, we do go out to our customers in the fall to tried to get a sense of what they're seeing in the different markets that we serve and then from there, we take their best input and triangulate with other things to put together our perspective on 2017. And it is a very volatile marketplace right now where it's very hard to predict. We have laid out that overall from a coal perspective. We do think that there is a secular decline that we're heading towards and certainly we’ve seen the vast majority of that already. The U.S dollar it is impossible for me to sit here and predict with U.S dollar is probably much better than look at forward curve than me speculating on that but the key thing for us is that we continue to have flexibility in our resource planning and right now the best predictor of tomorrow's today, the dollar is strong and the locomotive prices are there so that’s kind of how we approach there.
Frank Lonegro: There's a lot of changes depending on what you move in that, because a lot of that equipment are some high winds that have very high revenue per unit, because it's a very specific service, specific unit train and so that varies quite a lot from quarter-to-quarter, but overall positive pricing continues but we’ll probably see more volatility in that line item than any of the other line items.
Cindy Sanborn: Good morning. This is Cindy. I'll respond to that one. I'll tell you when we think about productivity, we’ve generated some in our network performance as you’ve seen our service measurements improve. We think about it structurally and streamlining and process within incentives. So those are the main categories that we look at. When we look at what we’ve done so far, clearly we're lapping some of the big initiatives that we took late in 2015 and earlier this year, but we see -- we have a very long initiative base. We pulled some of those forward, but I think when we look out to the future, I think we’ll continue to drive results both in the back half of the year as Fredrick has -- as Frank has talked about. It will be a little bit less in terms of quarterly numbers, but it's going to be better than what we traditionally do on a quarterly basis. And as I look into 2017, I think we will able to overcome inflation and I think a big part of what is going to help us to do that is our CSX of Tomorrow initiatives around the network as well as automation and technology is going to allow us to continue to drive productivity and I would also want to mention that the actions that we're taking are not reactions. They are actual actions that are driving our decision making relative to our coal portfolio getting much smaller and the importance of providing a safe and reliable service product in the merchandize and intermodal portions of our business. And that is part of our core CSX of Tomorrow strategy and we're executing on that and it well help us to be both service sensitive, more service sensitive company as well as a more efficient company.
Cindy Sanborn: No I would say, as we as we look ahead in the engines that we have stored, the 350 that Frank mentioned are readily able to brought back to service if we need them. In addition to that, we have as we take locomotives out this year, some have gone into recommended retire status, which would not be in our store count. So when you look at GTM is down about 10%, our active fleet is also down about 10% and going forward, I would echo Frank's comments.
Cindy Sanborn: When I think about it, GTMs is how we think about our workload demands, but we're obviously cycling a very different type of commodity mix with coal being reduced in lesser GTM intensive business growing hopefully. So we will look at GTMs in terms of workload, but when I think about what's available to bring back it's really and what's in our store status not in the total that we have taken out this year, we're going to recommend to retire some of the locomotives that are -- that we've taken out this year and there's also leases that we've returned to I might add.
Cindy Sanborn: Great, well Ben we've improved our service levels both sequentially and year-over-year as you can see from the charts. We were actually a little ahead of where we have planned to be for this year and obviously improved network performance does provide some efficiency gains for us and we are committed to provide a service product that meets or exceeds our customer's expectations, helps for price for the value of the service that we provide. We have to balance that always with some efficiency initiatives and I think we’re doing that. I think we're pretty happy with where we are, where there is always opportunity to improve and we will do that. I think I have also highlighted before and you've probably heard Frank talk about it before where we have installed our train link initiatives that is more problematic for us in terms of the velocity let's say is on the southern part of our network, which is mostly single track. So we think that's the right mix. We've made the right decision there. We're seeing over time down, re-cruise down and other measures that give us confidence that we're improving, but it's I think we're pleased with where we are and we will work to improve and Frank…
Cindy Sanborn: I think everything is on the table, in terms of the pace and cadence at which we may get there, it's probably a longer term type of aspiration. But again there's nothing that we're satisfied with. I'm not satisfied with the service measurements nor the efficiencies and we will continue to work on both, but I think that's a longer term initiative.
Cindy Sanborn: John, I think some of the – what we've been able to do is put a serious of initiatives together mostly structural with the closure of facilities like late year in the coal network and moving forward into this year where we also closed Russell Yard, and also consolidated our Huntington division headquarters. But it's not just in the coal space. We’ve also announced publically and probably right it where we’ve consolidated facilities and set in Central Florida with Winston Yard in Tampa, a consolidation actually in Tampa and also streamlining on mechanical facilities and shops that are aligned more with our outer triangle in the core network that we have. Our job is to really become less resource intensive so between train length and so the density of the train, as well as the density of the - the route that we route the train has also allowed us significant savings across the board. So I think there is really no one thing, I think that we’ve accelerated that – we’ve really answered your question but we are able - as we’re able to put initiatives in places we are doing so and continuously looking for more. We have great momentum here, everyone is over delivering and I think, technologies are big help for us and also some of are working with the labor organization is also a big help for us.
Fredrik Eliasson: Inventory is still at the high level, has been a sequential decline just a little bit, but it's still high versus historical basis. So that’s certainly impacting the international part of our intermodal business more perhaps than it does on the domestic side, which is also why you're seeing the steamship line continuing to struggle quite significant than demand on that side is very week at the moment.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure so, here in the second quarter, we saw an increase in our basin coal off to about 37% of our overall utility portfolio and really that’s what's relevant I think just looking at the utility portfolio. So 37% thereabout for Illinois, PRB about 20%. So we had about 57% of our coal was at Illinois basin or part of the basin and the rest was Appalachia and that is up little bit from what we saw in the first quarter and frankly we expect Illinois Basin to continue to do well longer term as part of our utility mix.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think that there is a high likelihood of that. As I said, we will have a much better feel for that as we get through here the summer to see where we end up usually not just in coal, but in all of our markets we go out and really work closely with our customers to get a sense of what the plan for '17 should look like. And at that point as we get into third quarter definitely the fourth quarter is initially is we have a much better sense of what we are, but overall I think it’s important to say two things. One what is happening here right now in coal in terms of the hot weather and the fact that natural gas prices have recovered a little bit, is really more of an impact for '17 than it is short term in '16. And then I think it’s also important and we’re probably the most vocal on this, from our perspective right now, we're planning for a secular decline in our coal business, we would love to be wrong about that, but in terms of how we approached our business and how we approach our planning, we continue to see a secular decline. Doesn’t mean that you can have a year or so where it goes up, but overall we think that the trend is pretty clear where it's heading.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, there is a variety of things there that we all working on there, that's absolutely right John and some of them are - I think at this point ready for public consumption, some of them are not but overall you're absolutely right, in an environment where the RPU is so much lower, one of the key things that you can do to drive up margins is to make sure that you have a much more leveled workload and the team is certainly working on that and thinking through how we can do that longer term that is a pretty significant structural change. In the meantime what we are doing do is work on terminal productivity. We have a variety of initiatives in place there that has deal that are lot of results here. We continue to work on train lengths in our intermodal space to make sure just as we do elsewhere in our business to allow for the leverage that occurs there. Of course double stack clearance is important and you know we already - we didn't have any tunnel by the end of this year, we should be able to be double stack clear there as well. And then the hub and spoke strategy that we have lined out for all of you for a long time has allowed for a significant amount of efficiency being able to penetrate some of these smaller markets with the lot more density that we otherwise could and of course overall speed of the network itself which I alluded to before which has been a priority as we think about the service improvement there in 2016 because the turn time on the equipment is critical. And then to your point and then there is little more longer-term, how do you structurally ensure that the day or the weak balancing as a little bit better than what it is today but that is I think a little bit longer term initiative from our perspective.
Fredrik Eliasson: So we have implemented the point to point pricing across our coal network. And overall I would say that process has gone very well. The reason for doing that is to make sure we better match to true cost of service some of the locations that are further away from so called our core routes to reflect a maintenance cost and operating cost that is associated with moving that. I don't think that that will be material in any way shape perform to our same store sales measure. That is really is more about ensuring that as we try to rationalize the infrastructure in the coalfields, that we from the sales and marketing perspective help operations to do that by truly reflecting what it cost to move some coal from sort of the mines that are further away from some of our core routes. That's really all it's about is not, so much about the same store sales changing because of it. Even though I think overall I would say probably it's slightly helpful. 
Fredrik Eliasson: That is correct as well. We've put it in place in terms of the tariffs, we adjusted one or two contracts, but it will probably take one or two or three years frankly to get it completely implemented across our whole book of business. 
Fredrik Eliasson: Well. So first of all a great testament to both what our sales and marketing team has done in this tough environment to your point about the strong results and also clearly a critical part of this has been the service improvements that we have seen. We don't really forecast what pricing will do over time. We will obviously disclose it each and every quarter in terms of our quarterly flash, but I think you know from my statements before on hand we know value accretion for CSX pricing is a critical component of that. But I've also alluded to the fact that I think short term meaning for the next 12 months or so we see a period of excess capacity out there that certainly is impacting things but overall you have a chance to see it where it comes each and every quarter.
Fredrik Eliasson: And I think that goes back to the point of flexibility. It is so hard to plan these days but I think Cindy and team has done a fabulous job of really variablizing in our cost structure. We talked about that for a long time and then we do whatever we can to forecast even on a monthly basis and try to flow their around the network so we can make very timely changes to a network based on the best information we had but it's hard to see much beyond a month or three month at this point.
Fredrik Eliasson: Overall, and as you well know in export side pretty much everything is spot these days. So also that to the great example of the previous question around the - things change very fast in terms of how much we move and then we did see a pick up on the export side in the second quarter beyond what we had originally anticipated which is why we increased the guidance on the export side to about $20 million tons for the year. On a domestic side really the cost that we received is really come in here over the last - I would say three to four weeks and really we haven’t had a chance to move a lot of that yet but we do expect a little bit of a sequential uptick on a domestic coal which is embedded in the guidance as we expect, export coal to be weaker in the second half, we expect the domestic coal to be slightly stronger within that $22 million to $23 million to 22 to 23 million tons for the quarter.
Fredrik Eliasson: On the SOLAS, first of all we really haven’t seen any impact at all. We’ve spoken to our international customers and it seems likes the capabilities have been there either by the port or some of the other type orders or somebody else providing that information as required. So we have not heard anything or and we don’t anticipate any impact on our international volumes because of SOLAS. In terms of Panama Canal obviously it is very recent, as little too early to tell, we have said this for a while that there is so many different drivers that comes into play here, that is very difficult to predict exactly what’s going to happen. The good news is that we have a flexible network. We will be able to handle additional volume coming into the East Coast. If that happens and we’re working very closely both with international customers and with the ports to make sure we have the capability that we need if it is a bigger shift that we’re currently anticipating.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, so our view of this has been is that as you -- if you do see a major shift over to the East Coast ports, we might lose some traffic that goes into the coastal regions that will be trucked to those markets. However, we also see then the opportunity to pick up some traffic into the Ohio Valley into more kind of the Southeast that is further away from the ports including potentially also going all the way back up to Chicago and we’ve seen a fair amount of shift already as the Suez Canal has taken up a bigger shift. We have seen as production in Asia has moved to more to the Southeast that we've seen additional volume coming into the ports. So we have the capability, but and it could be a little bit of a mixed change but overall we feel that we’re very well positioned to capture whatever happens.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well and the reason why the intermodal domestic has been as strong as it's been has been the fact that we on-boarded significant amount of new traffic from one specific customer last fall and we’re starting to lap the peers as we get to the third quarter, hence the guidance for not the same sort of growth and probably close to flat on the domestic side as we get to the third quarter. And obviously long-term we think we can grow the domestic intermodal business kind of about 5% to 10%, but we are in a period here on the domestic side and on some of the merchandize side where we see some temporary weakness because of excess capacity, but we fully expect that to be worked out over time and allow us to get back to more normalized growth rate as we move into hopefully the second half of '17 or so.
