Oscar Munoz: Thank you, Clarence, and good morning everybody. As is customary I discuss safety results at the beginning of each of these operations review to make it clear that safety is our first and foremost priority. Unfortunately, I need to make everyone aware the tragic loss of two CSX employees this past week in separate incidents. The overriding focus of our safety programs to avoid such catastrophic events and we are rapidly completing our investing of how these events unfolded and the lessons learned will promptly be applied to our operation. I want the colleagues, friends, family of these two gentlemen who might be listening to this call this morning to know that our hearts go out to them. At CSX we are all passionate about sending each person home safely every day and we must never ever lose sight of this goal. Now if you'll allow me, let me review the company's overall safety results on this slide 15. The chart on the left shows FRA personal injury rate which was 0.93 for the quarter. This rate is higher than the prior period and underscores our need to remain focused on safety each and every day. The chart on the right shows the FRA train accident rate which improved by 7% to 1.81 and reflects our continued commitment to accident reduction. We will remain diligent in our efforts to keeping our employees and the communities where we work and serve. Now let's turn to the next slide and review the operating results for the quarter. Here on slide 16 you can see the on-time originations on the left and on-time arrivals on the right. Both measures improved in the second quarter with on-time originations at 91% and on-time arrivals at 82%. Both measures are at record levels. I'm very pleased with these results that represent the culmination of hard work and dedication of all CSX's 31,000 employees during a quite challenging second quarter. Furthermore, these results demonstrate our commitment to a shared purpose founded on customer service. Let's look at the system performance on the next slide. Terminal dwell and velocity provide a picture of how efficiently cars and locomotives are moving across the network. CSX's continued momentum in these two measures illustrates the company's ongoing commitment to improved asset utilization. Look at the chart on the left; we drove a 6% improvement in terminal dwell for the quarter to a record low 21.9 hours. This means cars are spending less time sitting in terminals and thus more time in productive freight service. Velocity also showed improvement once again, up 3% to 23 miles per hour with improvement across all three networks; coal, merchandize and intermodal. Strong on-time performance, dwell and velocity are win-win as our customers received great service and you our investors get ever improving ROA. Now let me review with you the company's improvement in operating efficiency on slide 18 which complements the better service we are providing to our customers. Carloads were up 1% in the second quarter and gross ton miles, the best measure of our true workload, was up nearly 2%. CSX absorbed this additional workload in the quarter with fewer resources on a year-over-year basis. Moving down the chart you can see road crew starts were nearly 3% lower than last year as volume growth was largely incorporated into existing trains and we improved our train crew productivity. In fact both active locomotive count and total operations employment were lower by over 4% in the quarter reflecting our improved operating environment. Now let me wrap up on the next slide. Safety remains a primary focus for us and we urge our employees every day to look out for and support one another in this endeavor. Service and customer satisfaction remain at high levels and we delivered these great operating results by simultaneously improving our resource utilization. As such we remain on track to deliver over $150 million in efficiency savings this year. CSX remains committed to providing flexible solutions for customers to enable sustainable growth driving significant long-term value for our shareholders. With that let me turn the presentation over to Fredrik to review the financials.
Oscar Munoz: Bill its Oscar. I couldn’t agree with you more and I think that’s the path and initiative you’ve seen us take over many years.
Oscar Munoz: I think I would reiterate what Michael said. I think there is a delicate balance between the service we’re providing to our customers. Clearly the safety of our employees and the valuation impact that you – which you discussed. And I think we balance all of those very well and I think there is on a good use front, there is a lot of efficiency to be gained in our industry and so in our business and we will pursue that.
Oscar Munoz: And Bill its Oscar again. I can’t underscore the amount of effort and work inside the Company with regards to asset utilization; we term it enterprise asset management about ensuring that the efficiency of our operating network creates such a more fluid environment where it does obviate the need for additional CapEx.
Oscar Munoz: No, I said overall between domestic and export and obviously as we're looking at the market right now, there is more downward pressure on export and perhaps more upward opportunities on domestic. But we got 2.5 years until that endpoint, so a lot of things will change. There's one thing you know when you put guidance together and underlying assumptions most likely you're going to get there a different way than you originally assumed. So, we're going to continue to do what we do best which is focus on things that we control; safety service, efficiency and inflation plus pricing and we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we put in place.
Oscar Munoz: Well, as we said, on the northern part we feel that we're where we need to be in terms of stockpiles. In the southern end we think that by the end of the year thereabouts, we think we should be at a more normalized level.
Michael J. Ward: Well, thank you Fredrik. It's been a pleasure to represent the great efforts of our 31,000 employees this morning. In addition to their positive results this past quarter this team has delivered earnings growth in five of the past six years and improved the operating ratio in each of the past six years. This in spite of the fact that CSX has launched over half of its domestic coal business over this period and its merchandise business is still down from pre-recession levels. As I alluded to in my opening remarks, this team is all about consistency and execution making the right adjustment at the right time and focusing on the areas where we know we can make a difference. When we do these things well, the Company stands the best chance of making the most of its opportunities and leading its challenges. At the same time we’re able to return substantial value to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while also investing in our network which holds great opportunity for well documented reasons including population growth, highway and trucking challenges and the value of sustainability needs of our customers and the nation. In short we like what we see, relentless consistent performance and a promising future. The company's well positioned to drive strong earnings growth and margin expansion long term as the economy continues its slow recovery and the energy environment evolves. With that, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Michael J. Ward: Well, where we've lost business, Brandon, we're confident that wasn't because of our service issues and consistent with our long-term strategy we rank – we remain committed here to pricing above rail inflation which is imperative for us if we are to continue to invest in the business.
Michael J. Ward: No, I certainly can't address what other competitors are doing. I would tell you that most of our conversions are highway to rail. We have a very positive program in our highway to rail program. We've added sales personnel in order to do that with the beneficial cargo owners. We have a proprietary business model that we can use that will take the customers book of business into consideration and where it makes strategic fits for CSX, we think we offer a good product and where it doesn't we are very abrupt with the customer in that regard.
Michael J. Ward: Well, I think the same amount of contracts still have to be finalized because you’re correct in your assumption that we’re in pretty serious negotiations with people. But we’ve had a lot of receptivity from a lot of the utilities for the fixed variable pricing. So, it’s a learning experience for some to have it used as much as anything.
Michael J. Ward: Well, 2015 which I guess is two years from now, I think coal now as we said earlier has – is stabilized on a sequential basis. I think as utility stock piles draw down in the South, you can see some growth occurring over that period of time and I think its just too soon to assess what any further EPA regulations are be, because they will certainly have court considerations in those.
Michael J. Ward: And we started the year thinking we gave 130 in productivity, we’re now saying in excess of 150. So, we’re constantly striving to find ways to drive down the cost and I think the most interesting thing we’re seeing as we provide this better service to the customers, it also has very favorable impacts on our cost structure. So, we’re going to continue refining those resources and pulling them when they’re not required and adding when they’re required. But I think Oscar and his team are very focused on the productivity side.
Michael J. Ward: Well, the answer to both questions is yes. Our coal as we’ve said before, met coal and the export coal does move with the market, but it doesn’t move as much in either the upward direction or in the lower direction as the coal pricing itself does.
Michael J. Ward: I cannot see such a scenario as that happened and we think we’ve got our product fairly priced. We think that the – particularly with the tightness that's in the tank car fleets that the things Oscar mentioned about the asset turns become a selling point and become very important and critical to keep the overall cost structure to the end user now.
Michael J. Ward: Jason, I met with two truckers last week and they're not seeing as much impact as some of the people have forecasted. So they're looking at some numbers around 5%. At times as I'm sure you know 5% loss of productivity and as I'm sure you know there has been a lot of projections about much larger impacts on productivity than those numbers. I think it's too early to tell and so people settle down some type of working pattern of exactly what the impacts going to be. I think the more important thing in intermodal is the value that's been offered to the customers both in terms of service and in terms of price that's available to them now and a better awareness of the beneficial cargos of what those values are.
Michael J. Ward: It's going to be a more balanced approached. The big thing I hope if we've made any one point here is we're about profitable growth.
Michael J. Ward: Peak season. Peak season. I'm not sure I know if we're going to have a good peak season or just an average peak season and average being defined as what peak has been over the last few years. We'll certainly start to get an indication of that toward the end of this month, July, because a lot of the shipments that will be in the back to school area that will get ready for the holiday seasons and all stock here in early August, so we'll be able to tell by the lift in the vessels coming out of Asia what that peak is going to look like.
Michael J. Ward: Well, I would say that not a lot. It's been mostly impacted by the overall pricing to lost fee that we had about 20% of our revenue right now is covered by the fixed variable. So most of it has come off of either the escalators or renegotiated contracts.
Michael J. Ward: John, this is Michael and first off we just want to express our condolences to the people there at Quebec, I mean that was a terrible accident and the first responders did a great job of responding to that horrible accident. As you know they’re still investigating what the cause of it is. And I think until the cause is known it's a little hard to speculate whether there would be additional regulations or not. As you’re well aware we moved these because we’re a common carrier and we have a very good record of safety in handling these products. So I’m hopefully that as they determine the cause of this if there’s something to be learnt to make us safer we want to learn from that because our ultimate goal is zero. We have a great record now we want it to be better. So I think until there is a causation here, it's going to be a little difficult to see whether there will be a push for further regulation or not.
Michael J. Ward: And Jeff, this is Michael. The only thing I would add to that, is we have especially on the last couple of years, I’ve seen there’s a lot of volatility in the market place out there but with the economy, the energy environment and it starts to feel like two and half years is a long time and many things happen. So where we’re trying to position ourselves for whenever there is opportunities we’re making sure we’re flexible there. I mean if you think back three years ago, who would even been talking about crude by rail. So there is a lot of things that can move around in a two and half year period.
Michael J. Ward: Walter, I would say the biggest growth has come vis-à-vis our channel partners from the beneficial cargo owners themselves being able to say what the value of intermodal is and we have a pretty good handle around who those customers are and what some of their needs and all are. I think we've looked at in terms of where we could have potential capacity problems in the future going forward, so you've heard us mention in the prepared remarks number one, we've already got in the planning to expand our Northwest Ohio hub. We're looking at where we could have potential bottlenecks in the Southeast because there's a lot of growth both in terms of population as well as in terms of highway conversions in the Southeast.
Michael J. Ward: We are expanding Atlanta as we speak. As you know, we've built our Louisville terminal with way over capacity – over the capacity that terminal Louisville fairly quickly and so we had to get in and expand that pretty quick. As the Florida market continues to grow, we had the foresight to get into the Winter Haven market on an early basis, so we feel like we're pretty well positioned in terms of capacity for intermodal growth.
Clarence W. Gooden: Okay. Ken, most of the thermal coal that we'll have for the second half of the year was put under contracts in prior periods, so it was either done earlier in this year before the API2 index dropped so dramatically or was done last year. So we feel pretty confident about being able to achieve those thermal numbers. And our met numbers as you can already see they've been declining on a sequential basis here from the first quarter to second quarter and we expect that there are pretty much going to stabilize at the level that they are now for the rest of the year. There's a lot of steel companies, particularly in Europe, who can't afford to buy some of the high vol A. They're buying a lot of the high vol B coals which CSX has been blessed with abundance of and that gives us some confidence in that market.
Clarence W. Gooden: Domestic grew 4% this year to record levels, so we're continuing to see the growth, Brandon, in the intermodal.
Clarence W. Gooden: Stockpiles in the north are pretty much at normal levels. Stockpiles in the south are about where they were and they've sort of continued along that line. That's based on both the rate of burn as well as the rate of re-supply that the utilities are taking on an ongoing basis.
Clarence W. Gooden: Allison, this is Clarence Gooden. When we talk to our customers as recently as this week about that, what they're telling us is they don't see any significant need to change. Number one, they have commitment to the Bakken. Number two, a lot of the East Coast refineries get their oil off of the West African coast and that is what's really the driving factor for these guys. So we don't see any change right now in their behavior as a result of the narrowing of the spread.
Clarence W. Gooden: Justin, Clarence again. About two years ago, three years ago 2010, about 12% of our coal originations on CSX were coming out of the Illinois Basin and this most recent quarter about 28%. And most of that coal has displaced Central Appalachian coal which is down fairly significantly. So we see the Illinois Basin continuing to grow over time, number one. Number two, for our southern utilities, Illinois Basin is a longer haul, therefore will tend to carry a higher RPU.
Clarence W. Gooden: But in the mean time, we will be growing our other businesses. So as a percentage, coal will probably be at somewhat smaller percentage because we’ll continue to grow the intermodal, the crude by rail in the other markets where we have initiatives to grow the revenues. That’s correct.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think just clarifying the – my answer to the guidance before overall as we work off to 2013 base for the ’14 and ’15 years, we expect our coal business to be flat between domestic and export. I think that gives you a sense of what the coal picture will look like. And then you add on to Michael’s comment around the fact that we do see good growth prospects in many of the other markets. So, that’s the underlying assumption of our guidance.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, let me give you two answers to that, Tom. The first answer is the number as a rule of thumb that we use with what is necessary just to participate in the market is going to be in the mid 80s, somewhere in that number. But to make it sustainable over a long period of time, some of our customers would probably needs to be in the mid to upper 80s.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think that our CapEx guidance has an inherent ability to flex depending on what we think the gross ton miles is going to be within our coal business. So, we have a revenue target out there. Substantial revenue in terms of what our CapEx is and depending on what we see with coal that CapEx as you get into ’14 or ’15 is going to flex, whatever we think that the underlying work load will be.
Clarence W. Gooden: In the current quarter and in the first half has been -- 57/43 has been the split. And I think our coal team and the export team did nothing short of a brilliant job in getting a lot of these thermal contracts particularly in place before this API index has collapsed so much. The met was much more difficult to predict. The Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar dropped 9% in the second quarter and that severely impacted the met imports along with the fact that the growth in China and the recessionary tendencies we've had in Europe have impacted those steel making industries. So it's a little hard for us to tell you what it's going to be doing here in the second half other than what we – we're confident that we've got committed now.
Clarence W. Gooden: I just don't know. The Australians, they're going to control what happens to that met market in any event and their probably as about as low as they want to go.
Clarence W. Gooden: Actually what we've seen in the housing impacts has not been an impact on furniture recently. There was a lot of inventory, for example, for appliances, a couple of the major manufacturers and we've seen that inventory actually drop as the housing starts have increased. What was your first part of your question? The phone went out.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well those numbers are coming out of global insights and it's interesting to list as I do all the time about the IDP and the GDP numbers. Whatever some of these agencies predict they’re going to be, I know they’re not going to be that. I think the industrial growth has been a little bit stronger than what some of these numbers have indicated here for our business. It's certainly showing up in some of the construction materials that we had as opposed to the paper side of the business. It's strong in our automotive business, it’s not as strong in our steel business as we think it should be, but it looks to me that we’re going to continue to have growth in the IDP numbers as we move forward.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well this is Clarence. Matt, I think it's fairly significant. We still have plenty of capacities; it’s a lift in the trains and to fill them up in the air. So it's a positive thing for us.
Clarence W. Gooden: Justin, this is Clarence Gooden. Our pricing has been pretty consistent across all of our lives of businesses. There's been a couple that obviously have one point or so better than others. Our intermodal pricing is always under a lot of intense pressure not only from other rail competition but the real competitor is the highway and is the trucker. And there's still a lot of trucking capacity out there, there's still a lot of unused trucking capacity that we see, so the pricing pressures that remain in intermodal remain from the highway and is probably one of our more difficult markets in which to price in. But the others are pretty consistent across the board. We feel very confident that we can get the inflation plus pricing.
Clarence W. Gooden: The fixed/variable is with the end receivers, so it's depending entirely on where they've received their coal from.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I think what we've said is the underlying guidance are two basic macro assumptions that coal overall will be flat as we get through 2013. But between domestic and export, we think it's going to be flat. It was also said that underlying guidance was 10% to 15% CAGR and earnings is going to be an economy that is going to grow but albeit in a continuous modest pace. Clearly export coal has gone weaker but inherent in the inventory overhang that we're dealing with on the domestic side, there's an opportunity perhaps for pickup as we get into 2014 as well. So I think overall that's the macro assumptions that we have talked about and I think as we stand here today a quarter into the new guidance that we've talked about, we still feel very comfortable with that guidance for 2014 and 2015.
Fredrik Eliasson: I'm going to leave the second part of the question to Clarence. This is Fredrik. I would say in terms of the mix between met and steam in our long-term guidance, we have not given any sort of indication where we think that is because there's one thing we do know that it's very difficult to forecast exactly where export coal is going to be and even more difficult is to forecast what the split is going to be between the two.
Fredrik Eliasson: As we outlined in our presentation, RPU was up about 1%. Overall pricing when you include everything was a little bit above 2% on a same-store sale basis. That would indicate about 1% of so negative mix and that is to be expected as our coal business continues to decline as a percentage of our portfolio and intermodal which is significantly lower RPU continues to grow. So the overall pricing, as you saw, if you take out export coal because that continues to be a drag of course on our pricing overall continues to be very solid right around 4%. So mix is going to be something that we're going to be dealing with for a long period of time, a negative mix as the intermodal business continues to become a bigger and bigger percentage of our portfolio.
Fredrik Eliasson: And I guess, Clarence what housing starts last year were about 780 or I think they might be in the [9950] range so.
Fredrik Eliasson: It is growing but from a very low base because our normalized rate is more like a $1.5 million, at the peak it was $2.5 million. So we’re seeing some growth there but from a real small base. And I guess secondly at least at this point there’s a good planting of crop. So we’re hopeful that towards the end of the third quarter we’re going to see some very good growth in our ag shipments which have been down for the first half.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I think really you got to go back to last year when we set our plan for 2012 was really done in December. We had obviously anticipated 2012 to turn out to be very different than -- especially 2012 that was a very different coal environment, and as we moved through 2012 we took down our incentive compensation quite significantly and we also now have a much larger part of our unions participating in that incentive comp plan. So as you get into 2013 and you reset the targets to properly motivate and incentivize our employees that headwind becomes a lot more significant and that’s what you’re seeing this year.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I would say that in the past prior to us taking, and this Fredrik by the way, prior to us taking some of these rate reductions in our export portfolio we would have said if you combine the met and the steam together on the export side and you compare with domestic they’re relatively similar. Now with some of the reductions that we’re had to make on the export side, I would say that perhaps the domestic portfolio is slightly more profitable. So, from that perspective at this point it's not a bad thing. Overall obviously coal is a profitable business for us because it's a very efficient way of moving things unit train that’s a conveyor belt, so it is not as big of a deal as perhaps some people might think.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, Jeff this Fredrik. Overall I would say that the reason why we took the guidance up for 2013 was really what happened here in the second quarter. We had several onetime events that got a little a bit better than we expected and that’s the foundation obviously then also for our long-term guidance. So, clearly the export coal market has gone a little bit weaker, but we continue to execute very well on the things that we do control which is where we’re focusing on once again, safety, service, efficiency and inflation plus pricing and that’s what gives us confidence to take up that in slightly and it really is reflecting more of what happened here in the second quarter than anything that’s going to happen in the second half. The second half is still going to be very challenging consistent with the points that I had in my prepared remarks.
Fredrik Eliasson: So, two things; first of all what we have said here is that overall coal we expect to be flat, and so I’m not sure the domestic coal necessarily has gone stronger during this last quarter since we issued the guidance virtually. But where we're comfortable with is the fact that we're continuing to execute well and then second, in our guidance is a range of 10% to 15%. So within that range we’re definitely more feel comfortable that we would be able to deliver our earnings growth according to that guidance.
Fredrik Eliasson: So the base that we have is $1.79 is what we had in 2012, so that's really what we're seeing. Roughly flat, that's what we're expecting. And you're right, we've had a portion of several one-time items on our expense side and also of course had the liquidated damages for the top line that's helped us in the first half which is why the second half is going to be more difficult than the first half, but the base is $1.79.
