Fredrik J. Eliasson: I don't think we have -- we know that on the last couple of years, obviously, price has been the key driver. And I think as we move forward, I think you're going to see more balance between the 3 levers. So if you look at price and productivity, which are the 2 things we can control the most, what we have said is inflation plus pricing is critical and continued productivity, at the minimum of $130 million is also critical. If you look at volume -- we talked in my prepared remarks about Export Coal continued to be up in that 40 million-ton range, at least, and then utility coal stabilizing. When you look at overall industrial outputs, we've seen a couple of years here of 3% to 4%, and I think we would like to see that continuing over this time period. So I think you'll see a bit more balance between the 3 levelers as we move forward versus what you've seen over the last 7 or 8 years.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Let me answer the first one on CapEx. We're staying at the same place as we've been before, with $2.25 billion for CapEx for this year, and we provided a long-term guidance of 16% to 17%. So as -- if utility coal changes, that will be reflected in our spending going forward.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: We saw about $17 million in this quarter of lag benefits and, obviously, looking at the third quarter, depends on where fuel ultimately ends up, but right now there should be some sort of favorability in the third quarter as well based on what we're seeing the future curve doing.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes, I think we've seen a little bit of a divergence this quarter between our fuel price and WTI, which I think most people know. But if you look at HDF, highway diesel fuel, and our fuel price are very similar. So we have seen between heating oil and WTI a little bit of a divergence. But we're very consistent with what highway diesel fuel was in the quarter.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, I think Tom, what we've said in terms of guidance has been our full year guidance both in terms of earnings growth and margin expansion, and I think -- so I think we're going to stick with that guidance. There are a couple of things, pluses and minuses as we move into the second half of the year, but we're going to, obviously, focus on the things that we control the most, which is to continue to drive productivity and inflation plus pricing. And I think we've laid out some of the things on the cost side that we have in the individual line items. So I don't think we're going to give the second half or quarterly guidance there, but we'll continue to drive value and I think our -- we've got off to a pretty good start in the first half of the year.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes, sequentially going forward, the accrual will stay the same from what we're seeing right now. The big driver is going to be that last year, in the first half, we're accruing at a certain level and as the economy moderated in the second half and we made some of our resource additions, we had to reverse some of those accruals. So as you get to the second half, you will see that year-over-year comparison being very different than what you saw here in the first half.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes, I think longer term, when we look at inflation plus pricing, we estimate it to be somewhere between 3%, 3.5%, maybe 4% or so per year. So that is correct. This year, it's a little bit lower than it's been previously.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think in terms of our labor line and I think I outlined the 2 key drivers earlier, which is headcount we expect essentially to be flat going forward, and we expect about a $10 million increase due to the inflationary pressure and the salary increase for our union employees. I think, so if you start with this quarter as a base and you factor those 2 things in, I think you have a good starting point for what the third quarter will look like.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, I think I answered the question earlier around the fact that sequentially going forward, the accrual for incentive comp is essentially flat. It's just really last year that is driving the year-over-year comparison.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: That was what we estimate the lag to be, which would be the operating income benefit. It happens to also be the same number, as in Clarence, that fuel surcharge change year-over-year.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Clarence's revenue -- is a revenue number. They happened to be the same number, 2 different numbers but just $17 million.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: And just to build on that, while Oscar just said, we're obviously monitoring that very closely to see what makes the most sense if we have short-term changes in volume, we put them on the retention board because we just trained the employees and brought them on and then -- but if we do think that there are longer-term needs to draw down the resource levels we put them on furlough. But we monitor very closely.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: So overall, we said our headcount for the rest of the year should remain relatively flat from what we have right now, obviously, up or down depending on ultimately what happens with volume. But our best guess right now is it's going to be relatively flat.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I think you got a lot of pluses and minuses in there. You got inflation, you got productivity, obviously. So it's hard to isolate how much is what. But as Oscar indicated before, the full year is $180 million. He's got great line of sight to that and so it's hard to isolate specifically how much of that $60 million was related to what.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, as a said earlier, I think both in prepared remarks and to a question, we have a guidance for the full year to improve our operating ratio for this full year and we're not going to get into specific quarterly guidance or second half guidance, but we feel good about what we've done here in the first half. We've got off to a great start. We're going to continue to try to drive margin expansion any time we can, so -- but we're not going to give you a specific number for the second half.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: And then the other thing is you are -- I think you were alluding to it, you have a little quicker adjustment on the fuel surcharge for Intermodal then you have on the rest of the business. So it just comes down a little quicker.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, we're not going to break down what is -- we're going to stick with the guidance that we have for the full year. The SunRail transaction is a transaction that we put in place because we think it's value accretive to CSX, and so that's part of our earnings picture for this year. It was part of earnings picture last year. It's going to be part of earnings picture next year. So we're going to stick with overall guidance that we're going to have earnings. So it's clearly it's helping this year. Clearly, a lot of things that are negative this year and so -- but given all of the things that's going on in the economy and everything else, we feel pretty good about what we've been able to accomplish so far and we feel pretty good about what we're going to be able to accomplish in the second half of the year.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: When we put out the original guidance a year ago, we had, like any company would do, given ourselves a little bit of a cushion to make sure that we can absorb different things that occur along the way in such a long time period. Obviously, with the utility coal coming down as much as it has, that cushion to a large degree is gone, which is why we say there's still a line of sight but it's going to be more challenging. So when you -- specific to your question about utility coal, I think what we're expecting that utility coal will stabilize. We're not banking on a significant recovery. It will be great if it did, but right now, we want it to stabilize and perhaps, just come up a little bit from where we're seeing in the run rate being right now.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: I don't have that in front of me what we're paying today, but obviously it's come down a little bit further from where it was been. And I think the recent days also ticked up a little bit. So I don't have that in front of me.
Clarence W. Gooden: Now our overall coal pricing gains in the second quarter were in the range of 3% to 4%, and that's excluding the decline obviously that we had in Export Coal. And our estimate for full year inflation, to give you a comparison there, is 2.4%.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, Ken, this is Clarence. The volatility is in just about all of those markets. We have for this remaining part of 2012, less volatility in the thermal part of our business because most of those contracts were negotiated last year and are applicable in this calendar year. The metallurgical tends to be more volatile as the infrastructure demands and demands of both Europe and Asia for infrastructure is moving all over the place and particularly with some of the softening that we've seen in China.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, a lot of our coal not only originates, as you're aware, for export in Central App but Northern App is now a growing part of our portfolio for Export Coal, a very significant part of it. So to that -- in that regard, it's been a very positive experience to what we've seen happen in Northern Appalachian. Going forward for 2013, we're not prepared to talk about today if we have any contractual commitments for thermal coal in 2013 because it's too early, just to be honest with you, to give any kind of sense to that.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, that's a good question. Right now for the first half, it's 50%-50%. So you saw a fairly dramatic shift in the second quarter. You could see something similar to that in the third quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: The first quarter had a lot of impact of carryover from the previous years. Pricing was the main driver. We're still achieving above inflation and that's in the 3% to 4% range, excluding that decline we had in Export Coal.
Clarence W. Gooden: Justin, this is Clarence. The ag comparison is on a year-over-year basis. If you look at the most recent data that the USDA has put out, they've taken the yield down, as you're aware, substantially. The official number is around 146. There's some forecast at 145. Now there's some that believe the number for yield per acre will come in around 140 to 142. So if it stays in that 142 to the 145 range, the crop this year, because of the acres planted, will essentially be the same size crop as last year, which would be the third largest crop on record. So it was down from where everyone thought it was going to be but it's roughly about where it was last year and what is impacting in our view, the price per bushel on the corn is that demand for corn itself has gone up. How that could possibly impact our cost? Most of our ag business, our grain business is running unit trains, and as Oscar has demonstrated his ability to adjust the resources in the crews for the unit train networks, coal being the specific example, is without question, something that he does very well, that our company does very well. So we feel very positive about what will happen in our ag business here in the last half.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, our automotive customers, as we speak with them, are very encouraged to go forward. As you know, we started off with a much lower North American light vehicle manufacturing rate than what we're currently at, at 14.9. The manufacturers themselves have voiced concerns throughout the year in many forms about the rail's ability to have the car fleets that are necessary to support the volume growth that they anticipate having, which we and the other rail carriers in North America are working diligently, both in adding cars to the fleet, as well as sustaining these high-velocity numbers that you've seen from Oscar here to turn the fleet faster and to serve it. And if you look at the average age of the automobiles and the light trucks in the United States, they're some of the highest numbers that they've been post-World War II. The ability to secure financing and particularly longer-term financing in the range of 6 years has proved to be positive for the consumers as they go to purchase automobiles. Chrysler, for example, are adding third shift to their Belvidere plant. Hyundai Montgomery is adding third shifts to their plant. So I feel nothing but positive things about the automotive industry as we go forward.
Clarence W. Gooden: Yes. As a matter of fact, you'll recall that the ILA gave a fairly inflammatory speech at the Trans-Pacific Conference a couple of months ago about the potential of labor unrest on the East Coast. Some, not all, of our customers have begun to make adjustments in those flows of freight coming to the East Coast. The East Coast ports have taken the position that there's no issues here that can't be worked out. My own personal view is that I don't think it would be in labor's best interest to have a strike in the face of a presidential election but we've seen no material changes in our traffic flows up to this point.
Clarence W. Gooden: We expect a peak season. We expect it to be a slight peak season, not a big spike but an appreciable increase as we move into the fall peak season.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, my view is it's been the overall economy that's been pressuring some of the pricing gains that's in it. Pricing itself fundamentally is the law of supply and demand, and there's been a lot of excess transportation capacity not only on the rails but in the trucks and in the barges and in the pipeline systems in America. And so there has been some pressure on that pricing as we move forward. So that would be one point. The second point would be that earlier in the decade, we had a lot of legacy pricing particularly on our coal side that was coming due, and that has now begun to manifest itself and there's no new coal opportunities that's presenting itself in the utility segment of our business.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I'm not sure our length of haul has been impacted that much, because as we bring the Maersk business on board, a lot of it comes out of the West and so it really doesn't impact the length of haul because of the interchange points. Our length of haul for the originating business on our core railroad essentially has remained fairly stable over the years because of the lanes in which we operate. The additional capacity that's being brought on, I'm not sure that I understand your question so ask me that again.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, we feel positive about that. And if you will recall in our prepared remarks, we said that there was an addressable market of, we call in the East of 9 million loads, that's in excess of 550 miles. So, for example, we have an initiative we call H2R, highway-to-rail, in which we are sitting down with beneficial cargo owners and we're reviewing their portfolio of business and looking at what is adaptable to Intermodal, intermodal in a generic sense, and what is adaptable specifically to CSX Intermodal. We've done that already with 56 different customers, and we have had a very high degree of success in converting both current users of intermodal and people who are first-time users of intermodal over to the product. So I think the capacity is pretty much in line with what the 9 million potential is.
Clarence W. Gooden: When they are actually furloughed, John, they get 4 months of health and welfare coverage after the furlough. If they're on a retention board, they keep the health and welfare coverage the entire time.
Clarence W. Gooden: Cherilyn, I would interpret it as normal market forces and changes throughout the year. The metals part of the business has started to show some decline, both on the sheet side although not related to automotive in terms of sheet but related to the oil and gas industry with a number of rigs that's coming down in there. And the forest products side, although, has been up and building products has been down in general paper side of the business. And then our fertilizer markets, as we said in our prepared remarks, we had actually expected a bigger first half than what we had. But a lot of people sat on the sidelines, waiting for the commodity prices to decline. That won't last forever.
Clarence W. Gooden: I would say the entire market is much more dynamic than usual because of some of the economic uncertainty you see as we approach the presidential elections.
Clarence W. Gooden: There were 2 major factors in it, lower fuel prices and the business mix slowed the RPU growth in this quarter, so we had higher increase in the international versus the domestic.
Clarence W. Gooden: Our quarter 1 and quarter 2 pricing was very similar with the exception of Export Coal, that's where I'd like to leave it if I could.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I don't have a specific number for that, but I would tell you that it's strong because the utility coal is moving at a higher RPU and the thermal part of the Export Coal is moving at a lower RPU than is the met. So when you see that mix increase with the thermal, it's going to significantly impact that RPU depending on the percentage that the mix changes.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, as we've said earlier, most of the coal that we're selling in the thermal market is being governed by the API-2 index in Europe was sold last year or the year before and forward curve contracts against that. So we feel pretty confident about the numbers we've given you for 2012. It's just too soon to tell for 2013 because the market is volatile, the mix could change between thermal and met, something could go on different in Asia. So toward the third quarter, into the third quarter, first and fourth quarter, we'll have a clear line of sight into that.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, as I've said earlier, a lot of our export coal now is coming out of Northern App as much as out of Central App and a fairly high-quality is coming out of the lower Appalachians. So our exposure mainly is in the mid and high vols.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I would -- I expect the decline in the export will come from the met side of the business. Anything I told you for the second half right now in that question would be a pure guess because you're going to have a mix coming in of the utility coals start to pick up, which will carry a higher RPU. You'll have the impact in the export of some of the met going down and the thermal staying the same. So I'm just unclear of what to tell you, to be honest with you.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think -- I don't know, I'm unclear on that. But look, if I had to make a bet, I feel positive about what coal looks like in the second half.
Oscar Munoz: Brandon, it's not so much anything that I've noticed in the past month, and this has been a multi-year effort from CSX and in productivity is driven from basically all areas, specifically crew efficiencies, engineering and mechanical, and labor savings, fuel, improved car cycles, kind of a new initiative around service to customers that has been really, really effective. And so there's just a host of things around there. So nothing new and magical, just continued great work from that team.
Oscar Munoz: It's a great question. I don't know that we break it out that way. But I can tell you that all the initiatives that we have are in effect designed to create sustainable advantage over the long term. They are not near term, onetime kind of events. And so if you look at, for instance, our productivity per employee over the many years, it's been improving significantly. So I'd say a majority of the things have long lasting value and there's some certainly...
Oscar Munoz: Yes. And there's a host of little things like that over the course of time, but these things are designed to create lasting value. So I would say the majority of our productivity is sustainable.
Oscar Munoz: There is, in our mind, always room for progress and improvement. And so I would answer that question affirmatively, yes.
Oscar Munoz: I just gave you a quick definition of what we do on the retention boards. It's kind of a designation for our contract employee that guarantees 2 paid days of service per week as opposed to a full furlough, obviously, where you could have gone 7 days. And then so that's the 2/5 -- or 2/7s, I guess, is the best way of gathering that economic thing. The benefit, as you know, is we can bring them back a lot more quickly than we can with the traditional furloughs.
Oscar Munoz: And you also have the attrition coming in. So as attrition kicks in during the course of the year, obviously, these people would move off the furlough retention board to full-time employment.
Oscar Munoz: But Anthony, it's Oscar. It's just -- we don't mean to be coy. The $180 million plus, the plus portion is things that we're still finalizing and documenting. We will update you on that as we can, whenever that final number is. If you think of a rateable spread across quarters of that final number, I think that's a good way of looking at how we've achieved the productivity first quarter, first half and so on and so forth. It'll deviate a little bit from that, but I think just a rateable spread is probably the best way of thinking through that.
