Michael Ward: Well, thank you, Fredrik. As you’ve seen today, CSX produced excellent results in the second quarter for its shareholders in a challenging market environment by driving operating efficiency with the committed efforts of our 32,000 dedicated employees. And we continued to focus on the actions that are foundational to our long-term success. Delivering excellent service supports growth and operational efficiency, which in turn creates customer value that enable strong pricing for the value of the service we provide and allows us to continue driving earnings growth and margin improvement. We are pursuing new opportunities across our diverse portfolio and further improving network performances to our consumers and producers throughout the global supply chain and to create value for you, our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in CSX and we are now glad to take your questions.
Michael Ward: I think just to clarify what Clarence said, I think there is probably more downside to the coal volume next year than there is upside.
Michael Ward: Well, obviously, coal is a very profitable business of ours in our portfolio. But I do think that the fact that we will be able to produce the 66.8% operating ratio here in the second quarter with coal being down more than $100 million year-over-year is a great testament to what our core strategy of service excellence to our customers is providing. Now, clearly, as we look forward, the impact of the coal declines is going to also impact the path of progression. We are going to make meaningful improvement here in 2015 and we feel very confident that overtime we can get to that mid 60s operating ratio. And I think this quarter as I said earlier is a great testament to that, but if coal is cooperating, we can get there faster and if coal is going to not cooperate is going to take us longer, which is why at this point I don't think we have enough clear around the coal picture to really put a flag down in the ground on when we actually get to that mid 60s operating ratio. Thank you.
Michael Ward: Well, John, as you can see in the past several quarters, we’ve improved the pricing sequentially. And here in the second quarter you can see that we had 3.5 all-in and 3.9% in the merchandising and in intermodal. As I look forward we remain focused on the strong pricing reflecting the value of the service we provide across all these competitive market which just defies the reinvestment in our business that drives a long-term value of our shareholders. So that’s what you will see.
Michael Ward: I think they see that the service that we’re providing right now has just defined that price levels for the reinvestment that they see that we’re doing.
Michael Ward: Justin, I think we are by and large very pleased with the new tank car standards they come out with, we think it’s a much safer vehicle. We were a little bit surprised that the thermal blanket was not included and we will continue to push for that as an industry because we think it gives some extra layer or safety at not a great expense. As far as the long-term impact on the business, obviously as you know, we don’t own the tank cars, the customers or leasing companies do. Our early read is that most plants retrofit their cars or buy new cars that meet those standards. Obviously, it impacts the economics of the movement somewhat and as Clarence alluded to earlier, there is already a little bit of pressure on the crude movement just because of the current spreads between Bakken and Brent. But we think longer term that this car is a better car or safer car and I think we’ll continue to see the movements of the crude as we go forward.
Fredrik Eliasson: Brian, this is Fred Eliasson. The big driver here is that we’re cycling the actions we took last year in the export coal markets. And as a result, we’re seeing those two numbers harmonize more now and we expect that going forward as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: No. What I am saying is that the gap between the two numbers, between our all-in pricing and the non-coal pricing has been exacerbated because of the actions we’ve taken over the last year or two in our export coal markets. We are now as we move into the third quarter moving past those actions from last year. I think, over time, we continue to expect strong pricing in all our markets as we continue to price to market and ensure reinvestment in the business. So, I think that gap will be much, much more narrow going forward.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, this is Fredrik again. We’ve gone up to a good start here this year, obviously $45 million here in the second quarter, but $41 million in the first quarter. We have said that we still think we can approach $200 million for the full year, but probably not as close as we originally have thought because of what we saw in the first quarter, because of weather and also because of the fact that the volume environment is not as strong as we had originally anticipated. However, we’re very much focused on driving efficiency gains, but just implied by the first half performance and our guidance for the full year, we are going to have a strong second half as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I think Allison, this is Fredrik again. I think obviously we have two quarters behind us. We’ve given guidance for the third quarter and we’ve given guidance for the full year that range. So that range depends on what we’re seeing -- what we’re going to see in the fourth quarter. So, great momentum in terms of what we do on our productivity side. We continue to -- we see a strong pricing environment as well. But it really depends on how massive will this coal headwind be in the second half. And I think how those, kind of the positives and negatives work out, will allow us to see what we are ultimately going to be producing. We’re certainly targeting to produce earnings growth. But I think until we get through a little bit more of this summer to see where the stockpiles end up as we go into the shoulder season, it’s hard to exactly pinpoint where we’re going to end up.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah. I think coal is the wildcard and I also think as we have indicated in the prepared remarks that we also expect a sequential decline in our crude volumes based on what we see in the spread due. And I think we’ll going to have to follow that as well to see what the impact from that will be on our volumes there.
Fredrik Eliasson: And yeah, we still have -- in the second quarter, obviously improved significant and sequentially throughout the quarter but we’re still at the place where we still have over time levels that we think will come down. We have re-crew levels that could be improved, equipment cycle times can be improved as well, which is part of why we see us very robust opportunity set, not just in the second half of 2015 but also going into ‘16 as well. And that is going to be critical for us, as we see a topline environment that from a volume perspective, perhaps not as strong and as robust as we would like it, at least based on what we’re seeing right now. So good momentum on our productivity side and should translate into some good numbers from a bottom line perspective as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: I like to think that we should be able to exceed our historical average, which has been somewhere around the 130, 140 as we move into 2016.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah. This is Fredrik again. Yeah. So, we did have an operating property that we monetized here this quarter, was a deal that we worked on through an extended period of time frankly. And we do have some more, both operating and non-operating properties going forward and when they occur, we would be transparent with those. And of course, you will see them as I said when they’ll occur. I don't think that the opportunity set is big enough where it’s going to make a huge difference over time for us because we've done a lot of this over a last couple of decades frankly. But there is something that we constantly look at, to see if there are opportunities to rationalize some of the infrastructure we have, whether is operating or non-operating.
Fredrik Eliasson: This sales specifically I don’t think is going to improve our operating expense because it essentially a line segment that we weren’t really operating much on it at all and so it really won’t have an impact. There could be instances in the future really would but this one specifically didn’t.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah. And this is Fredrik, let me take that one. So, yeah, cost per employee did fall here versus what we saw in the first quarter and that’s, obviously, part of that is, in fact that we now have close to 600 people on furlough and that reduced it. But also reduction in overtime, a little bit of reduction in training costs as well. So that helped. And as we move forward now, as we continue to run better, we probably have an opportunity, perhaps, that even greater number of furloughs and reduce overtime that reduce the crew, the recruits as well. I think there are opportunities to see efficiency gains that was obviously those have biggest expense component and therefore, the one that we focused relentlessly around, how do we reduce the number of people, how do we become more efficient, how do we become more efficient over the cost employee and so that, you should see continued improvement there. Thank you again.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. In terms of capital I think we have the $2.5 billion number out there. We are looking at that to see if it makes sense. But in general, a lot of those products have already been started. So I am not sure if there is many opportunities short term. We have a sales kind of corrective mechanism and then we tied it to revenue and I think that will be correcting it. Ultimately, that’s a proxy for gross ton miles because 80% of that we spend is a reflection of how much we run over the next network. So if that comes down, then our capital will come down. So we will look at that as we get into the planning for 2016. And then in terms of the coal network, I can assure you we had a very concerted effort in 2012 to see what we could do to drive our cost there. We’re excellent at taking out train starts and crew base to more than reflect the kind we saw in volume. And here now in 2015 and 2016, there is a renewed focus again because of the step function change that we’ve seen to further look not just train starts and look at the crew base and the locomotive assets we have deployed, but also the fixed infrastructure that is up there and to see what we can do. It is not as black and white as you would like because we do have growth up there as well and we run other traffic around there. We have seen a lot of growth in LPG and fraction in those same areas, but there should be more than we can do and our team is very much focused on those efforts.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. This is Fredrik. So obviously from a credit perspective, we do monitor it very closely. Many times it’s actually utilities that pay the bill. But we do have some exposure to some of these producers that are going through a very difficult time. So we’ve already seen some of those go through restructuring. Generally, we are well protected through a variety of means through that process. And one of the most important thing is that if you do want to restructure out of it, you’re going need to need the rail service that we provide in order to be successful in transforming the company. And overall, from a broader perspective, clearly we're also looking at the capital deployment. And you heard in other previous question, we're really trying to make sure that as we look at reinvestment in coal-related assets that we’re really taking a long and hard look at whatever capital put in there to make sure that we’re not leaving capital stranded for 40 years, which is essentially the life of assets that we’re putting in. So we work very, very hard across our system to make sure that we’re making prudent decisions around that. So, great question. Thank you.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I think on the domestic side, I think the majority is clearly paid by the utilities and on the export side, I think there is little bit of a more mix and more perhaps the producer.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. So in terms of the capital, $2.5 billion is our capital plan here for 2015. We are looking to see if there’s some things that we would move out of this year. But as you -- so far into the year, it's hard to affect the current year because a lot of these things are well underway at this point. What we are looking at next year and we do have that kind of self-adjusting mechanism that it’s tied to percentage of revenue when we talk about it publicly, but internally we look at it from a gross ton mile perspective more perhaps. 80% of what we spend is on the maintenance side and 20% is productivity. And clearly this year our main focus has been to acquire additional locomotives. We’re acquiring about 200 locomotives new and rebuilding about a 150 and that has been the number one priority for us already starting last time this year -- last year this time, where that has been the focus of ours to make sure because that has been the linchpin in order for us to get back to the sort of service excellence levels that we've been looking for. Other productivity initiatives, we have plenty of them that not just is capital driven but is specific driven capital as locomotive. Fuel optimizer, for example to make sure we drive fuel efficiency. We have a variety of other technology products that we’re working on and also automation on some of the other back-office functions. So there is a wide variety of things that we put capital towards to drive productivity.
Fredrik Eliasson: And to add to Oscar’s answer that we do expect and I said that in prepared remarks about a 1% decline sequentially in headcount and we already have 600 people in furlough and it is our largest expense base. So we’re going to be very, very prudent and very, very thoughtful about what we’re doing there, because we do need to reduce our labor expense in order to create a sort of productivity savings that we’ve outlined.
Fredrik Eliasson: I guess, this is a pretty hard question to answer. I do say that from the overall productivity knowing our guidance for the full year and the fact that we’ve been done here about $86 million for the first half. Clearly, we have at least as much in the second half or somewhere around there and so there is a lot of opportunity still. We have done a lot of structural things that we have worked on for a period of times in terms of train length and of course some of the other ongoing initiatives as well. And well we have made some inroads in terms of driving the fluid into the network back. It was only kind of partly through the second quarter we really got traction around that. So as we move into the second half, we should expect more of that. And so we’re once again, we feel very strong and we feel very bullish about the opportunity set going forward on the productivity side. Thank you, Scott.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, that -- it have to be seen. It’s a good question. We have taken out in the first half, if you just look at our quarterly flash we’ve gone from about 72.3 last year in the first to 69.5. So that’s obviously very meaningful improvement in just one-year timeframe. As we think about this quarter specifically, the majority of our gain was actually not fuel related because fuel this quarter while it came down, we actually had a negative impact year-over-year because of the negative lag and the spread differential that we saw. So I'm not going to pinpoint exactly where we’re going to end up, but we do clearly expect meaningful improvement despite the fact that the volume environment is less than stellar. Thank you.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, the stockpiles are -- both in the north and south are higher than normal. So there is some inventory hang. We still expect that the gas prices will be relatively low as it would be the second point. And the third is there is some research that would indicate the installation of more gas acres in the region that we serve and are currently in service. So the combination of those three would lead us to believe that there could be a possibility that the utilities consumption of coal in our area would be slightly less than it is this year.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think from a maintenance spread, the developer things that you can do that short term would save you money but long term would hurt you. So just for example, shutting off our teams that are out there replacing the rail right now is something that you could do. But long term doesn’t make sense because mobilizing and demobilizing something is more expensive than taking advantage of the fact that you have the teams out there right now. So there are things you can do but the key thing is that you do things that are smart. And so that’s why I think that making significant changes in you capital budget is not necessarily the right thing to do from a long-term economic perspective. But as we think about next year, we will always -- we always look at what the gross ton miles would be. We look at the line segments and so forth that we need to allocate capital to. And that’s where I think the coal example is a good place. We really are looking long and hard to make sure that what we’re putting in that makes sense, of course, without sacrificing safety in any way, shape or form. And so we constantly look at that and we will take a look at what next year capital budget would be in the context of what the gross ton mile picture will look like.
Clarence Gooden: Well, Tom, this is Clarence. It’s looking like the fourth quarter could be -- easily if gas prices remain where they are now to be repeated in the third quarter, it is probably too soon to tell about what export is going to look like next year, but it certainly won’t be as strong as it is, has been this year as Australian benchmark stays where it is now. Australian dollar stays where it is now which is about $0.74, and the API 2 stays where it is now which is at the high 50s. Next year it won’t be a good export year.
Clarence Gooden: Yes. Based on seeing right now both between domestic and exports, probably more downside to our volumes for 2016 than there is upside in those two markets.
Clarence Gooden: Bill, we have taken a look at it and frankly, the gas prices are so low, we just cannot materially impact it enough to make a difference.
Clarence Gooden: Yes. As you’ve seen the domestic intermodal volume themselves have been up around 9% in our intermodal business, so the highway to rail conversion programs that we’ve had in place have been quite successful this year.
Clarence Gooden: Ben, I don’t think it has. We -- in 2014, this crew that we lost some intermodal business back to the highway due to the service issues. But we are actually seeing some of that volume return in 2015 as services improve. As I mentioned in the highway to rail conversions, our estimates this year will be in excess of 40,000 new loads on CSX organically in addition to what our trucking partners are growing back to rail that will grow. As you know, the electronic reporting that we require next year and the legislation will kick in and we think that that's going to put more stress on the particularly small truck load carriers that will make intermodal more attractive. That has changed in the highway issues that are around, congestion that’s in the highway in America. We still have the driver issues and shortages that are facing the trucking companies as we go forward. If you look at what's happening in Congress today, we still will have a highway transportation bill probably be passed with the continuing resolutions and no new confusion of the money to rebuild the highways and the infrastructure in this country, so all the issues that we’ve talked about over the past few years still remain. So, intermodal to me looks, is a very positive thing going forward for the next two or three years.
Oscar Munoz: Rob, this is Oscar Munoz, nice to meet you. Listen, with regards to the recovery aspect of that, I think what we’ve said for sometime is the initial point of recovery was this quarter, second quarter and then the acceleration and continued performance and getting back to those record levels. I think the timing of that is related to a lot of the other activities that we've been talking about. But I think that’s the progression we’re making.
Oscar Munoz: Jason, it’s Oscar. We are always, always, reflecting on where our volume loaded and the capacity is. So it’s never perfectly right sized but we are working towards that. We have a lot of capacity. Importantly, I think, our train size initiatives have been really creating even more capacity and more productivity. So, we'll continue to work on that, teams done a great job of it. But I think there is still opportunity to right size.
Oscar Munoz: Hey, Cherilyn. Thanks. It’s Oscar. Historically, as you probably know, there has always been a small gap between the arrivals and the originations, and we have seen both measures improve as we want to restore a service level. We would expect the improvement in arrivals to slight lag that of originations, again as that continuity of service improves. The key thing for us is to focus on how late the average train is. That is a metric we’ve seen substantial improvement over the last several months, so in effect spend. So while you will still see the optic on arrivals a little lagging, we actually look at it still more internally the number of hours that our late is improving. So I think over the next quarter and two and then certainly into next year, I think you will see that gap narrow to its historical average.
Oscar Munoz: Scott, I think I’d answer by the fact that we always make those adjustments commensurate with where we see the volume forecast. And so it's hard to detect specifically a number, but we’ll as you've seen us do before take the appropriate measures.
