James Foote: Great, thanks, Sean. Concluding with Slide 15, we are maintaining a full year revenue outlook. Excluding the impact from Quality Carriers, we continue to project double-digit revenue growth for the year. As Sean mentioned, the acquisition will add approximately 6% incremental revenue growth on an annualized basis, and we expect the impact this year to be about half of that. We will achieve these growth targets by providing our customers with a high quality service product. As I said, we are taking necessary steps to ensure we deliver on this commitment. Our capital expenditure outlook remains at $1.7 to $1.8 billion for the year and we will continue returning cash to shareholders. Demand remains strong and so does our commitment to customers. We are resourcing the network for growth. We are driving operational improvements to add capacity through increased asset utilization. We are investing in our business for the long-term and we continue to design new and creative solutions through our customers to move more freight with CSX today, and for years to come. Now back to Bill for the Q&A.
James Foote: Yes Ken it's Jim. I'll make a quick comment and then I'll let Jamie follow up with any details if things are necessary. We've been very, very, very committed to making sure that this railroad runs well. It has been an unbelievable challenge. I've never seen any kind of a thing like this in the transportation environment in my entire career where everything seems to be going sideways at the same time. Despite all that, we have been able to keep our terminals open in Chicago, and I hope we can continue to do that. In January when I got on this call, I said we were hiring because we anticipated growth. I fully expected that by now we would have about 500 new T&E employees on the property. No way did I or anybody else in the last six months realize how difficult it was going to be to try and get people to come to work these days. It is an enormous challenge for us to go out and find people that want to be conductors on the railroad, just like it's hard to find people that want to be baristas or anything else, it's very, very difficult. Nor did we anticipate that a lot of the people were going to decide they didn’t want to work anymore. So attrition was much higher in the first half of the year than what we had expected. So even though we brought on 200 new employees, we fell short of where we thought we would be by now going into the year because we anticipated that there was going to be strong demand. We continue to expect there to be strong demand, and as long as there continues to be the forecast for demand, we are going to continue to hire employees, because you need employees to run a railroad. That's what we're managing this company to do, is to serve our customers needs, and we'll bring on the assets and put them into places where they need to be, so that we can move our customers' freight, simple as that.
James Foote: Sure Tom. Many times we tried to explain why we're so confident in our ability to grow above traditional rates in our car load merchandise business was because we have if we can develop a product that's truck like we will have a cost advantage that gives the customer lower cost transportation solution, and it would be similar level of reliability. And as we were moving along as you said coming in starting in 2017 getting into the 2019, our reliability was significantly better than where it had been in 2017. Our car load trip plan compliance number was in the high 80%, mid to high 80% range. And so going in and having conversations with a customer who number one was skeptical about switching from truck to rail. We had a very good track record, and interesting product for him to look at. It's unfortunate and I now I have to sit here, much to my disillusionment and say our trip plan compliance number is 69. Is the 69 trip plan compliance much better than it was in 2017? Yes, so we still have the ability to have a good narrative with our customer base, about why it makes sense for them to switch, but it's just simply not as compelling as it was 18 months ago or 15 months ago, or just before the world went sideways on this, so but we're going to get back. That number would be much higher. As I said, the 500 employees that we hoped we would have had here by now, new conductors here by now, that number would have been much higher and we're hiring and doing whatever we possibly can do to run and improve the speed and velocity and reliability of our service and as we do we'll get back to having -- being in a position to having similar conversations with our customers as we did before. At the same time, and it ain't easy to find a truck right now. So it's unfortunate that we're not really, on the one hand we're not as good as we work, but on the other hand, if we -- when we get back to where we were, the opportunity right there is tremendous for us. So nothing has really changed about our optimism at all in terms of this strategy that will drive outsized growth for us as we move forward. It's just unfortunate, that as I said, the world went sideways on us here for a while. But we're coming back, we're coming back strong, and we'll be even better than where we were as we get more time to get things running right.
James Foote: Again, I hope that our service metrics, as I said, I kind of said on the last call, we'd be in great shape by now, so yes, I expect those numbers to get back by the end of the year. And we position ourselves in the transportation community as it has an extremely good service product. So going into next year, again we're getting truck conversions now. Our intermodal growth to a large degree is coming from converting long haul over the road trucking to intermodal. Our growth in certain segments with certain customers in the car load side is coming at the expense of the truck. So we're still seeing that. I just think that the, again, we are not in, it's not as easy for themselves, the man or woman to go in and talk to a customer today about how great we are and why they should convert more traffic to rail than it was in the fall of 2019. It doesn't mean it's not achievable. It just means it's not as easy and we'll just have to work harder.
James Foote: Yes, Scott on the executive order, I guess when we first heard about it, before it had actually been released, it seemed like the administration had for some reason sitting out the railroads and steamship businesses. Once the full information got out, and we were able to digest it, and find out that it covered everything and everybody, and especially tech, we got a little better viewpoint of what it was all about. And it appears to be pretty much not a lot of new items in it, but if any, but the agenda as it relates to railroads, the agenda that has been moving for a long at the Surface Transportation Board for years. So it was kind of like, what are the other things that’s going on at the Surface Transportation Board, and we're just kind of listed along with every other regulatory move afoot in all industries. And, it's really my personal opinion, it's really unfortunate, when the supply chain, all of these essential workers who have been doing an amazing job now in during a pandemic, are kind of singled out as, our railroad is made up of all these employees that are out there working, and all of these regulatory ideas, which are really pushed forward by industry lobbyists, who want to change the rules and regulations, decided at this point in time when everybody's working so hard, that we should suddenly upend and take advantage of a difficult time to try and push forward a regulatory agenda. So it's not much new. I was somewhat disillusioned about what it really was but we're used to handling it in and then we'll move forward.
James Foote: Yes, I'll let Jamie talk about locomotives, but in terms of my goal to get back to where we were, yes we hope that we could. Where we are right now would be challenging associated with being able to hire people, I don't know if that's achievable. That's my goal. That's what I'd like to see happen. And then I'd like to see us get better from there. I can't say right now whether or not until something changes dramatically in the hiring situation, whether or not we'll be able to achieve that.
James Foote: On the labor side, I've been working really closely with our HR department, Diana Sorfleet and her crew. Really the last eight months it's been difficult, there's no question about it. We've gone through some ebbs and flows with our applications have come forward, making sure we get the right people to work in new jobs. Just recently, there's a couple of things that we've done that's helped us. We've come up with a deal with our conductor SMART-TD for an availability agreement, which allows us to work closely with our conductors and make sure that their availability is better than it has been. So that agreement has been successful here over the past couple of weeks, since it's kicked in. And believe it or not, being a fourth generation railroader, I'm a believer that sometimes the best people you get for railroads that stick around are actual people from railroad families. I think there's a few others around this table in the same situation. We have put a referral program together, offering incentives to our employees to refer people to our railroad to work for CSX, and we went from a application of just a few 100 people to I would say, within a two-week period, well over 1000 applicants that we're going through right now to bring on as conductors. So the pipeline has gotten very strong and this program has helped out and of course the referrals will then help people stick around until they understand the job is, they know what it's about, and understand the lifestyle. So this program is really going to help us move forward as we continue to do our hiring.
James Foote: Yes, I think, you really identified a trend here. The West Coast ports have struggled, particularly through the pandemic and as freight demand has really picked up here and, the secular trend that we continue to see more freight moving to the East Coast. This is another reason why I think the shippers are going to look for that option and that's the, that's a very good thing for our franchise in the east. We remained fluid. Jamie and his team have done a great job, working with all of our partner port partners to continue to move freight and so the intermodal terminals remain open. We continue to move freight and we want more of it. We're continuing to invest in inland ports and other areas to make sure that we can serve it.
James Foote: Yes. Now, we're not, I don't think, I think this is a trend for every business right now. It's a challenge. I think we're evolving in the way we think about this and have to try and figure out things to do to make these jobs more attractive. They're extremely good paying jobs, with extremely good benefits, with all kinds of other bells and whistles, but in today's world, that's not enough. So a lot of the things we're doing right now in terms of, as Jamie said getting referrals, doing this, doing that, going to fill the need on a short-term basis that I'm convinced, and I think the team is convinced that we need to kind of look at this from a long-term perspective and say, what do we really need to do to make sure that we have a stable, long-term pipeline of people that enjoy coming to work, and doing what they need to do. And, nice weekends, holidays, winter outside, all of that where people before kind of delight [ph] that, they don't want to do that anymore. So we have to look at the whole big picture and we'll do that, because we need employees to run railroads such as that. And so we're going to change our thoughts, our processes and throwing money at people these days is not the answer.
James Foote: Well, I think that the, I'm not worried right now, because I think we have plans in place that will get us where we need to be by the end of the year. As I said in my remarks earlier, we were caught somewhat surprised, and as much as we had a plan in place to get us to where we thought we needed to be and the issues that everybody is facing right now kind of flared up. But we have, it has been a full court press. Jamie and I are personally doing everything we possibly can to work with the union leadership to help us make them tremendous in response to making sure that we're ready and willing and able to serve our customers. So I feel pretty good about where we should be absolute working [indiscernible] and working [indiscernible] today. It is not like the pandemic is growing out there, hello, it's alive and well right here. So, who knows what things, what's going to happen in the next couple of weeks, couple of months? Well, let's assume that we have some reasonable health conditions in the country. I feel pretty good we'll go into 2022 rare positions and we will continue to make sure that we have a pipeline of labor coming at us all the time in the future.
James Foote: Well, I don't think there's anything in this environment that changes our overall approach to how we go to market. It's about being transparent with the customer around the cost pressures that we're facing in our business. They get it. They're facing the same issues and having a discussion around that. I'm more interested about how we partner with our customers to grow their business and help them compete in the markets. Those are the things that I'm really focused about. We all realize we have to cover our costs. That's, that's really a secondary discussion. When it comes to the conversations I'm trying to have with the customer. I'm trying to understand how their business is being impacted today, what they expect, how they expect to grow next year, what can we do from a service, perspective to help them in our new markets, help them advantages in the markets and compete and win share, if they're winning in the market, we're going to win. And so a lot of those conversations are happening today. Certainly, we expect to cover our costs going forward, but really, it's a combination of volume growth, and we want to grow with our customers, and we want them to be successful growing their business going forward.
James Foote: No, look, I'm a 100% confident. I talk with Jamie every day that this network is going to get better and better and we're going to enter next year, able to service our customers. And we're having those discussions of how we bring on more volume. And what we're asking our customers to do is tell us what that volume looks like. So we can resource and prepare from a headcount perspective all the crews. We certainly have the locomotives. We have the assets out there to go and service that business. So we want to get ahead of that. It's been incredibly hard markets to predict what volumes are going to do and we've all been surprised about the shape of the recovery. But what we're trying to do and get out in front, so we know how much we need to hire and get way out ahead of it, to make sure that we're there for the customer going forward.
James Foote: Well, and you're probably looking at the same data I am. You can't find a used car, you can't find a new car. It's another market where demand is outstripping supply. We're close to -- we stay close with our auto customers. We've seen rolling shutdowns and auto plants that we serve. And that continues to persist. When we came into the year we started to see the problem. The problem seems to continue to move to the right. It's going to impact our third quarter. And, the question remains, how long into the fourth quarter that goes and does it extend into next year? Are there going to be other supply constraints in the market, other materials that will provide shortages? It's a global supply chain and so what's the next thing that we could run out of? That's what we're all watching. But to stay in close with the customers and we do know there's pent-up demand are going into next year, that will help a of other markets that we serve, I think, the metals market, plastics, all those are inputs into the auto industry today. And hopefully it provides another incremental growth lever that will be pulled as we move into 2022. But there's, everybody sees that there's a lot of pent-up demand. The auto production today has continued to come down given the supply constraints out there.
James Foote: Well, I personally think that we're, as I said, we need to look at, fundamentally look at what we need to do to make sure that we have a content happy workforce over the long period of time. And so that's what we're trying to do. I think that's kind of the plan in most businesses, whether it's bringing on to work or whatever it is you might need to do to make your job more fulfilling, that's great. If I'm a trucking company or an intermodal company and I decide that the smart thing to do is to pay my truck driver a quarter of a million dollars a year to drive a truck and then as always happens in the trucking business. Not maybe next year, but the year after, when the bottom drops out and there is excess capacity all over the street and people are driving trucks for their rates in order to put gas in the tank, the business model doesn't work so good. So we try to take a longer term more holistic approach to managing our workforce.
James Foote: The employee issue, the Train and Engine service employee issue, will clean up a vast majority of the issues we have that show up and what we call our trip plan compliance number, will improve our velocity, will drive down our dwell. There will still be the noise in the supply chain. It's not going to correct as shortage of chassis, that's not going to correct a shortage of containers or draining or port congestion and that sort of thing, but it will and so therefore it's not Nirvana, but it will certainly help us in terms of being able to improve the overall reliability of our product again, and get it back to where it was, so we can focus on making even better and better.
James Foote: Yes, I mean, we've always said that. I mean we've -- by changing, fundamentally changing the way this company runs over the last almost four years now, we've freed up capacity across the network. We have significant amount of track capacity so we can add growth without investing in track capacity. As Jamie said earlier, we have locomotives available. We have locomotives on standby. We have locomotives in storage if we need to use them. So yes, the impediment to our performance right now is primarily, if not exclusively, I'd like to say it's primarily because certainly in this business, you have to throw in the occasional pandemic or hurricane. But primarily when we can hire, if I figure out ways, like everybody else in the country, to replenish our workforce, the problem was, we had a pandemic. We didn't hire during the pandemic because the business went away. We have 7% of our workforce that retires every year. 7% of our workforce retired, we thought, okay, the business bounced back, we'll hire 7% of our employees back plus a little bit more to handle the growth. And they're not available. So yes, we'll fix that. It's just taking us longer than we expected and when we get that done, the railroad will be back running the way it did before and we'll get it even better.
Kevin Boone: Hey Allison, this is Kevin. In terms of price inflation today, and cost inflation what we are seeing and I'm keeping close with Sean and staying close to that so we can be transparent with our customers and explain to them what we're seeing in the market, none of that is a surprise to them. They're seeing it in their business. They certainly understand the pressures that are out there in terms of labor and other material costs. What we're really trying to do is see if some of these things are transitory or whether they're really here for the long term and we'll continue to evaluate that throughout the year. When you look at generally our contracts we have a lot of those renewals that occur in the fourth and first quarter. They're concentrated in those quarters and really it represents about 70% of our annual contract renewal activity, so we'll continue to look at that. We're communicating transparent with our customers and expect to obviously achieve that cost inflation through our pricing.
Kevin Boone: Yes Chris. Look, when you look at the transportation sector as a whole, we're not unique. Everyone is having their challenges. The fluidity out there is not very good right now when you look across all modes of transportation and those challenges we're facing the same challenges, getting trucks to pick up the boxes out of our yards, all those things create challenges for us so. Yes I'd say there was opportunity that we weren't able to move in the second quarter, that's probably a fair assessment. As we get more fluid, as we bring on crews, I suspect that that will generate opportunity. We're certainly having those conversations with our customers today. They want additional capacity and we're committed to do everything we can to react as quickly as we can to bring on more people, more capacity to serve those customer needs. We're already starting to have conversations around next year. So I'm communicating every day with Jamie when I'm having discussions with customers and what they need and so we can get out ahead of it with our resources. We can plan ahead, we can commit to delivering any other service that we expect to do.
Kevin Boone: Yes, the coal market is similar to a lot of the other markets that we're, we talked about today is the same. Its demand is outstripping supply. You're having the coal mines trying to catch up. They've under invested, so they are catching up on some of their investments. They are having some of the same struggles we are on the people side. So we're seeing all that today. You see the underlying commodity prices, whether it's natural gas here in the U.S. or met coal prices internationally, and thermal coal prices internationally, they're all supportive of an uptick in volume and will start to lapse and continue to lapse some very easy comps into the back half of the year. So we do expect growth, but not back to the levels that we saw in 2019 and a lot of that is based on the supply chain continue to try to catch up with the demand. So we're already having discussions with our customers and what does it look like for next year and how do we continue to replenish inventories, particularly here on the domestic side, where inventory levels are very low. We're in a situation right now, where we're trying to keep inventory levels to above those critical levels, so they can continue to burn and serve their customers. But, the environment is quickly turned up, I had discussions last week, they didn't see this coming. They were surprised about how quickly the market recovered. And so we're all communicating and really trying to understand how they can do better, how they can on the supply side, and how we can deliver the transportation services so they can deliver to their end customer. But, very good outlook, when you look at RPU is a little bit on the international side that we'll see favorability, particularly on the met side, where our price follows the commodity price and domestic will be relatively similar kind of dynamics that you saw in the second quarter going forward, so good market there.
Kevin Boone: This is Kevin. The quality integration of July 01 you could imagine we got our teams together and quickly after that our sales team along with Quality sales team, and their feedback so far from the customer has been overwhelmingly positive. They're looking for capacity in the market. We have several ongoing initiatives currently with customers that will offer that capacity that they're looking for. We're doing all of our diligence, making sure when we bring on the service, we communicate with Jamie and his team and that we can service that business to the standard that we expect. So there's -- we'll do it very carefully and very methodically, particularly in this market today. But this is a product that we knew that's going in because we did our diligence ahead of that, we surveyed our customers and we surveyed their customers and we asked them this is something that they feel is needed in the market. And the overwhelming response was, yes, we would like this in the market, they see the value. We will be thoughtful on how we bring it on. We have a lot of inbound customers calling us, looking to come up with additional solutions. And we'll bring those on. But it's been great so far. Our teams are working very, very closely together and we're working closely with others. And so they can understand the opportunities in ways that we're thinking about bringing in a lot more into the network. And I'll let Sean handle the financial side of it.
Kevin Boone: Well, let me touch on the industrial development and how we're thinking about it. The pandemic really has changed the way how customers are viewing the supply chains and we're really what I'm posing the team to do is we need to be in our that conversation that they're reevaluating it. Are there new facilities, are there new warehousing, is there new production that they're going to want to onshore and how do we sell the opportunity to put that on CSX rail and they get well served. I think the customers understand the opportunity that that gives them in terms of options and be able to move their freight, particularly in an environment where our global supply chain can be challenged, that the freight, the railroads have been reliable and have continued to move freight throughout the pandemic. And they are increasingly seeing the value of that. So I'm excited about leveraging our real estate portfolio, we have a lot of ready sites that they can build on today. We're marketing that along with the real estate team closely and, seeing some traction there. So it's exciting. I think it's early, but I'm hopeful that we'll start to see a little bit more opportunity over the next 12 months as we get out and get in front of our customers there.
Kevin Boone: Yes, it wasn't so much to take advantage, but more to come to an agreement where okay, capacity is very tight, maybe a customer wants to lock in higher for longer, and you can accommodate that through longer terms. Just curious if any of that is coming up where customers wanting to -- desperate for capacity wants to lock in for longer and if you can, keep that pricing in as a result for longer as well, that sounds like that's not happening.
Kevin Boone: Well, I can tell you, the environmental fits and definitely moved to the front of our marketing deck and when we discuss with customers. And, I think from the executive level down to starting to flow to the transportation buyers, they realized that’s an initiative coming from the top, it's high priority. And we're an easy solution to solve through that. So it's something I've asked the sales team to continue to press. We are incorporating in every discussion we have going forward, and it's resonated, quite frankly. And so it's a huge, when I think about all the secular trends that are going to help CSX grow going forward, you have the driver shortage. I don't think it gets fixed anytime soon. That's a huge advantage for us. We can supply capacity into the market and then you have the environmental side. Very, very powerful, and it will continue to grow. We've seen all the things that have happened in the market. Investors want it. Our employees want it and our customers and the consumer wants it. So it's something I'm incredibly passionate about. We're going to continue to sell it and it's pretty exciting.
Kevin Boone: I think it's always -- it's hard to measure, but we win that business because we're more environmentally friendly than the truck. It's another reason we're winning business today. The other reason, obviously capacity constrained, we can – we have capacity, we're going to continue to grow capacity it will recover. I'm confident our operating team is going to recover, and we're going to have the best most capacity to offer our customers going into the next year. It is simple as that and so, all those factors play into why we're winning business, why we're winning in the market. But, the tailwinds are there. From a growth perspective it's just, I don’t know -- my responsibility along with Jamie to go out and deliver on that.
Sean Pelkey: Yes, thanks Amit. So, when you think about the second quarter, not a whole lot of unique items in there other than Virginia transaction, and then I talked about the impact of the fuel tax settlement there. So strip those out and carry it forward to the second half of the year, what's going to impact the operating ratio in the second half of the year Quality, you're right, I think you're doing the math correctly there. We've got some hiring to do, so we're going to be bringing on some crews. If we bring on the crews and network fluidity improves and we're able to move the volume that will be a positive, but there'll be a cost to bringing those crews on. We'll also going to have some incentives here to increase the availability of crews. So that will be an impact. And then, probably the biggest variable is what does volume look like in the second half. We've been able to demonstrate here, albeit on a relatively easy comp that the drop through is pretty good, but the margins in the second half will be highly dependent on what the volume looks like.
Sean Pelkey: Yes, so I mean, we're going to continue hiring through the rest of the year and as long as we need to in order to move the volume and increase fluidity. I would expect sequential headcount is probably going to go up a little bit on a net basis, both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Sean Pelkey: Yes Ken, just quickly on that. So if you're looking year-over-year there's a few things to think about, first is the incentive comp I called out. We've got inflation on the labor side and then we've got a little bit higher over time versus last year as we were obviously scaling down over time with the plummeting volumes. Just the other factor from last year, you remember we had those emergency reserve boards, so we had about 300 employees who didn't have significant wages along with their emergency status there. So looking from the first quarter we're actually down a little bit sequentially reflecting some normal seasonal trends.
Sean Pelkey: Yes, and Fadi, so in terms of the financial impact as we get into next year, the core trucking business has truck like margins. So you can expect to see that next year, but it's about the conversion that Kevin has been talking about, when we're able to drive some of that business that's moving over the road today over to the rail, and do it on existing trains, the incrementals on that growth should be pretty significant. We've got to ramp that up over time. We need to make sure we've got the equipment and all the piping in place, but you should see a ramp up in that next year.
Sean Pelkey: Yes, Ravi. So, that was impacted by the intermodal storage fees that, are due to the supply chain issues in the truck driver shortages that we've been talking about here. So, does that continue into the second half of the year? I think it depends on what happens with the persistence of those issues. But that's really the fundamental driver here in the second quarter. And then of course, you've got the quality impact that will hit other revenue in the second half. So don't forget about that as well.
