Michael J. Ward: Well, thank you, Oscar. When we step back and look broadly at the third quarter, we see 2 important attributes. First is a persistent commitment to customer service throughout our workforce. We were pleased with the progress in the third quarter and remained committed to providing excellent service to our customers, both now and in the future. The second is our track record and ability to deliver strong financial results across an array of economic conditions, that will continue. Our business is working as it should, delivering strong results, investing back into the business and having thousands of employees in excellent union and management jobs. Negotiations of the 3 bargaining groups representing railroad employees began in January of 2010 and in the third quarter of this year, the industry was pleased to reach an agreement with United Transportation Union, which is the largest. That industry agreement maintains a considerable compensation premium compared to other industries and includes very competitive benefits package for our employees.  As you probably know, agreements with the remaining unions have not been reached and as part of the prescribed process, a Presidential Emergency Board has been established to offer recommendations for a settlement. The railroads believe we have competitive offers on the table and the settlements can be reached. In the meantime, the company and its employees are working cooperatively as expected.  It is important to note that during the last 20 years, there have been only 2 days of strike activity at the major freight railroads. Railroad employees are exceptional, proud people who come to work everyday knowing that what they do is essential to the economy. They also recognize that we continue to offer some of the best jobs available in America. We look forward to continuing to work together with them to achieve great results for our customers and our shareholders, and on their behalf, I'd like to thank you again for joining us this morning.  With that, we look forward to answering any questions you may have.
Michael J. Ward: I think we probably expect it to be similar on the export market. As you know, a lot of those have been contracted for the year, so there's probably not big differences on the fourth quarter, Bill.
Michael J. Ward: And Justin, you're aware, a lot of the metallurgical noise contracted on the fiscal April, so we're 5 to 6 months away from those being contracted. But as Clarence said, based on mining investments being made in new mining capacity and our conversations with them, we feel pretty good about the export for next year.
Michael J. Ward: Well, clearly, we feel very good about our 65% operating ratio, no later than 2015. Obviously, the Board sets up our compensation schemes to match those public targets. So in our longer-term incentive plans, they are geared toward making and exceeding those targets. On the incentive compensation changes you saw this quarter, obviously, a little bit of the softness we saw here in the third quarter in volumes is impacting our annual incentive. So obviously, we very much -- the Board very much ties our rewards to the performance for our shareholders and with the earnings slowing down just a bit here in this quarter, obviously, the compensation is going to be lower for the management team.
Michael J. Ward: Well, it's a little hard to tell what actions the STB might take, but I think they're very cognizant of our need to earn adequate monies to be able to continue to invest in the infrastructure. I guess, think when we look at that proposal, John, to us, it just looks like an open-access recommendation that wrongly tries to tie placement of a public and interest standard investing in the infrastructure with formulas. And it's, in our view, a clear attempt to change the rules to gain an unfair advantage. It's really nothing new. As with the other open-access proposals, there's no reliable evidence to support this, no mention of the impact on rail operations or infrastructure investments. So we really, ultimately, believe any final resolution beyond the scope of this matter [ph] that should come from Congress, not from STB.
Michael J. Ward: But longer term, the CSA 2010 highway congestion fuel prices are going to give us some good strength in that...
Michael J. Ward: Yes. This is Michael, let me address that one, Matt. As we look, we look at -- we love our Coal business, we love our Export Coal business and we love our Utility Coal business. I think you're right, there was a misperception out there in the marketplace that somehow that Export Coal was extraordinarily profitable versus our regular Utility business. Both of them are profitable and fairly similar in their profitability. So we love both of them, but there is not an extraordinarily profitability to the Export Coal.
Michael J. Ward: Well, Walter you certainly are being the devils advocate here, I'll give you credit for that. As we look at it, well, obviously, the economy has moderated here some. So when we talk to our customers, and I know you wanted to mention the indices, they still are positive, although less so. But our customers are really indicating they see modest growth in the coming quarters and we think in most of our major markets, that is what we're going to see. As we talked about, we do have the Maersk business coming on January 1. So if I think about the headcount we're bringing on, it's really some to maintain this high levels of service that supports our growth initiatives, as well as our pricing initiatives. And some of it is for just a natural attrition, so it's really for both, for the service and for the growth that we anticipate. And we do think in '12, we're going to continue to see modest growth going forward and we want to be prepared to handle that growth.
Michael J. Ward: Well, to that point, on the incremental growth, I mean, David, you have, what 10% to 15% capacity on your Merchandise trains and 15% to 20% on the Intermodal. So clearly, Jeff, as we bring those volumes on, there's very good incrementally of those. So we think these modest growth we're expecting will help fill those trains out.
Clarence W. Gooden: What we're seeing happening in the utility area for us and the areas that we serve is that the stockpiles in the North are near normal. The stockpiles in the South, even though they're down, are slightly above what the normal target range could be. Gas prices, as you know this morning, were $3.50. They're staying low. We see no reason for that not to remain low. We think we've seen all of the impacts from casper [ph], possibly a little downside coming in the next -- in 2012. So we expect them to be either about where they are or slightly down.
Clarence W. Gooden: First, I do agree with you it's a difficult market to have convictions in because of the volatility in it. But Australia is back and in terms of their production, but they're still facing the rainy season that's going to occur between December and February. So you know, that's Mother Nature's call as to what happens there. Number two is that if you look at what the forecast is for global steel production over the next 8 years, it's estimated to be up 60%, primarily driven by East Asia, South East Asia and Indian subcontinent, all of which we're exporting coal to and serving. Number three is the last we have talked about our producers and to our receivers. They are looking very robust for the Export Coal market going forward. And I guess my final point would be to quote the chairman of Peabody who say, we were entering a global supercycle of coal and that's our fundamental belief, based on that.
Clarence W. Gooden: All right. Well, first on the international side, on the Maersk. We're very pleased that Maersk has awarded us that business and we intend to serve Maersk extremely well over the long-term period of the contract. As you're aware, we don't give out what the volume numbers of Maersk are because it's confidential information for Maersk. But we expect to start on-boarding Maersk in the first of the year. Our operating department has a very extensive operating plan in place already about how they will on board it. We have the crews, the locomotives, the cars already in place to be able to handle the volume that's coming on, so we feel very positive about that. In regard to the domestic growth, first, we think it's a positive thing when all railroads grow, so we congratulate Norfolk Southern's in their intermodal product. What's good for our neighbors is good for us. We, and ourselves, have been growing both our volume and our profitability on our top line, that's exactly what we intend to keep doing. We're making sound financial investments in both new terminals, terminal expansions and our National Gateway projects. So our intermodal strategy is on track to continue to grow. We've added new containers, both our sales and the Union Pacific for the UMAX fleet. That fleet has been under great utilization here during both the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter. So I just think everything is very positive in it, Justin.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, I think, previously, we've said that our export capacity is in the neighborhood, the range of 45 million tons. We have plans on the drawing board that we could implement very quickly that could take that capacity up. And we have certain commercial triggers that we're going to look at along with our coal partners as when, where, what time we have to do that. I think Michael mentioned a point earlier that was very important. We have 3 announced mine openings on our territory by companies that have made public announcements that they are committed to the metallurgical and the export market. And that's another reason why we feel very positive about having growth in our export business next year.
Clarence W. Gooden: Chris, this is Clarence, good morning. On the peak season, as you're aware, we're in the peak season, volumes are up. I wouldn't say that peak season is the true peak that you and I have traditionally seen, it remains to be a bump. Container capacity on the West Coast has been very tight for the last 3 weeks, but it's not to the level that it was in a couple of earlier years where there was severe box shortages. But peak is -- it's nothing to write home to mom about, it's just a bump. The Ag business has been very interesting this year. As you know, the crops got in to the ground late. They're running about 2 to 3 weeks late coming out. It's still going to be the third largest crop according to the USDA that we've had on record. The yield per acre is down to 147 bushels per acre, which is the lowest in the last 10 years. So it's still going to be a tough season here in grain. Corn prices have stayed up. Exports both in soybeans and in corn won't be at the levels that they were in previous years. We think that forbids well for our Phosphate & Fertilizer business because in order to get those yields up, then you get those crop improvements up. We're going to have to fertilize and apply nitrogen units to the field. So that is going to be a very positive thing for us, both in the fourth quarter and in 2012.
Clarence W. Gooden: Allison, this is Clarence. There's always some room, but most of the switches that could possibly been made were already made on the economics of the dispatch when gas got so low. The older coal-fired plants were idled, so we don't expect to see much impact on that at all.
Clarence W. Gooden: There was some activity around one particular port, but the bigger impact for the third quarter was the miners' holiday and vacation in which occurs every year and happens. Having said that, we expect the run rate in our fourth quarter will be what it was pretty much in our first and second quarters.
Clarence W. Gooden: Absolutely. Last year, we had a 24% sequential uptick between the third and fourth quarter and we expect to have a very robust one this quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, Ben, as you know, we price to the market dynamics. And right now, our pricing is actually up at the last few weeks because as I mentioned, the demand coming off the West Coast is strong. Container supply on the West Coast has been extremely tight for the last 2 or 3 weeks. And so in pricing that market, we've taken these rates up. Now January is going to be a different dynamic. It's just January, business drops down, we'll price accordingly to what our competition and what the market is as that occurs. And then as the early weeks around March and all start to pick back up in economic activity, our rates will again start to move up. So they go in sort of cycles, if you will, based on what the demand is.
Clarence W. Gooden: We do model our forward hiring based on attrition primarily with any additional hiring and in terms of headcount based on any volumes or traffic flow changes that we see occur because we do hire locally and we do have many, many centers or population centers for our employees. So we really have not changed our hiring strategy from prior years into this year, other than forward hiring a little bit for some volumes we see coming in next year. So in terms of the numbers, the absolute numbers, it's almost entirely based on our attrition rates that we see continuing in the future.
Clarence W. Gooden: Matt, this is Clarence. First, our utilities, and please, I don't mean to smart-aleckly -- our facilities are not Norfolk Southern's utilities. They operate in different areas, their different plants, some are base loads, some are intermediate and there's a difference in how those 2 things operate, so that accounts for one thing. Number two is, is it will vary by utility to utility as to what their gas burns are. Some utilities, for example, will have forced burns in their coal contracts and that has some influence on it. A third thing, I guess, you were addressing, which was the casper [ph]. We think we've seen most of the impacts already for that, both as a result of older plants being idled and as a result of natural gas displacing the more inefficient plants. So we expect to see some slight downside next year, as I mentioned earlier, as a result of casper [ph] and as a result of some of the utility stockpiles, but that's about the extent of it.
Clarence W. Gooden: Met is 65, thermal is 35. As Michael said, it's 6 months away from the metallurgical contracts being renewed. So it's a little bit too early for us to tell if that mix will change at all in 2012.
Oscar Munoz: Scott, yes, we will continue to hire to offset attrition and meet our peak demand. The levels of that headcount have not yet been determined. And with regards to improving margins, yes, that's absolutely very much a part of our Grow to 65 initiative and we do have all those plans in place.
Oscar Munoz: I think we will see margins improved. The volume aspect projections that we have over the next few quarters help in that regard.
Oscar Munoz: I guess a combination of both. Certainly, that volume they were projecting, that modest growth that we talked about, is clearly part of that conversation. And at the same time, obviously, as you can imagine, we are very thoughtful in adding -- how we're adding this. And now again, important, we're talking about incremental margin here. So it's a combination of volume and continued cost management, while investing for the service that we want to have for our customers.
Oscar Munoz: The company has strong cash generating powers. So the absolute balance is not something we sort of fixed. But I think if you look back in history, we've kept roughly $0.5 billion on the balance sheet, and that's probably what we like to go forward with.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, Bill, I think we'll just stick with what we said on the presentation. We expect to finish that $700 million by the end of 2012, primarily through the use of free cash.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar, and David can jump in on the actual operational impacts. We did see a little bit here and there. But again, our teams recovered greatly. Lee actually was a bigger impact to some degree with the flooding that was -- the residue after that. But again, we said $10 million to $15 million, probably coming in overall $10 million both between revenue loss and expense items.
Oscar Munoz: Really, it was not work role-related. It was more dealing with the absolute level of wage increases, as well as some adjustments that we're seeking on the health and welfare side with some co-pays. I think they're view is that they think we should be sharing more of the profitability we've seen. We are making clear to them, we need that monies to reinvest in the infrastructure. And I guess with all due respect, 17% raise in health and welfare twice as good as federal workers, to me, it's a little bit difficult to believe we won't be able to reach agreements with them. As you know, we had the Presidential Emergency Board in place, which is doing its work now and will make a recommendation early November, probably the 6th or 7th of November. Hopefully that 5-member panel will look at what we've offered the UTU, which we think is a very generous package and compare that to what they're asking for and be able to show something that both parties can live with.
Oscar Munoz: Walter, if I could interrupt for a just second. Your starting point was you saw a 5% or 6% increase at some point in time and our year-to-date increase is as we stated and we are going to over full year basis due to that 4%. So you might want to check in later to see what our math is but that is our projection.
Oscar Munoz: Global Insight is the folks that calculate that work and I think the latest one came in around 3.5%. So it already has dropped a bit.
Oscar Munoz: Probably, clearly, the run rates we had in the first half of this year would be the things we'd focus on. And again, as we grow to 65, the math is inherent in that but you're going to have to see those 50-, 60-plus incremental margins.
Oscar Munoz: Well, clearly, volume is productivity and price get us a long way there but volume is an inherent part of that grow to 65 initiative. And so as far as the timing, I mean, your guess is as good as ours. We have a good vantage point, we see the modest growth into 2012 that Clarence outlined. But beyond that, it's hard for me to tell you exactly when that's going to...
Oscar Munoz: It's Oscar, Peter. No change to our broad long-term guidance, but no specificity on 2012. Yes, we're still working through those plans. But certainly, locomotives and cars are big part of that plan.
David A. Brown: Sure, Ken. We did experience early on in the year, some, in which we talked about in prior quarters, as you know, issues that impacted our overall service levels and we outlined, after the second quarter, our plan too, in a very deliberate way, continue to make improvements throughout the third quarter. And we were on that track and we were accomplishing that. We were set back somewhat by the storms that occurred, Irene and Lee, but they're temporary setbacks and sort of marginal declines in services during those periods that were recovered quickly and now we're right where we wanted to be at the end of the third quarter as we go into the fourth quarter. We added some resources, we've improved our headcount somewhat in our T&E ranks and also as well brought on some locomotives. As we said, we were going to bring on a total for 250 additional and we're in the process of doing that. So all those are factors and we feel very confident as we go into the fourth quarter about continuing that improvement.
David A. Brown: I think I got it. Bill, it's -- unless it's -- I'm wrong here, it's going to exceed rail inflation. That's the plan.
David A. Brown: Gary, there might be just be a little bit as a result. But really we're current with our volumes today, very current in terms of volumes that are on the network and we know that we're going to continue the improvements we talked about and that we'll be prepared for any incremental changes that come in terms of volume.
David A. Brown: Sure, Ben. We have actually seen, and we look at productivity in terms of employees per gross ton miles differentiated between our T&E employees and our overall employees. So while you see overall has come down slightly, our T&E productivity is at all-time high, remains at all-time high levels. So it really has to do with some hiring we're doing now to begin implementation of PTC, the things Oscar talked about in terms of our incremental headcount, other than our T&E headcount. So we do have initiatives as we go into the coming years in around productivity. We've had a strong performance in the past with productivity and we believe in the future, we'll continue to accomplish that, understanding that we brought on some additional cost that will continue into the future because we're putting service reliability in a very high priority.
David A. Brown: Well, you have 2 types of pricing in that export -- 3 types, actually. You got the tariff pricing, then you have annual contracts usually run from April 1 of the year until March 31, and then you have spot market contracts, which is what you're alluding to with the quarterly pricing that goes in, as well as the adjustment in the tariff on a quarterly basis.
Christian Wetherbee: Maybe if I get a little bit of your outlook for the remainder of peak season and then for the fourth quarter specifically on the grain market, we've seen some weakness here. Kind of curious, your thoughts, about how that should look as we move in the fourth quarter whether there's been some timing issues there.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay. And from the Pure Grain business, it looks like it may be is a little bit more of a push as opposed to the strength you're seeing on the fertilizer side.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe if you have any kind of comments about weather. I know you kind of talked about right after the storms that you maybe saw a $10 million to $15 million of impact there. Just kind curious if there was anything further to that, that kind of came right after some of those big storms that rolled up the East Coast. Just trying to get a sense if there was any other impacts in the quarter.
