Jim Foote: Great. Thanks a lot Kevin. Concluding with Slide 17, we expect to return to growth in 2021 for both CSX and the U.S. economy. While much debate remains around the pace of this growth as we've transitioned from COVID headwinds to potential stimulus fuel tailwinds, we believe CSX is well-positioned to grow volumes faster than the prevailing GDP growth rate in 2021. Merchandise volumes should outpace industrial production growth as we convert additional truck volumes off the highway and onto CSX. We expect intermodal volumes to grow even faster than merchandise as the business continues to benefit from the ongoing inventory restocking and a tight truck market. And following an extremely challenging year, we expect the coal business to begin recovering from 2020 trough levels. As volumes increase, we will drive incremental operating leverage by efficiently absorbing the additional cars and containers into our revised train plan. We still have significant opportunity to add volumes onto the existing trains and we'll have train starts as needed to maintain high levels of customer service. We project full year CapEx of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. This spend reflects ongoing investments in our core infrastructure, combined with several high-return growth investments for technology and sales and marketing initiatives. We will continue to evaluate attractive growth investment opportunities as they arise. But from a network perspective, we still have ample line of road and terminal capacity. Lastly, we remain committed to returning excess cash flow to shareholders. We will repurchase shares through our ongoing buyback program and we will look to be opportunistic with share repurchases as we utilize our roughly $6 billion of buyback authority. The actions taken in 2020 have positioned CSX for success and we are taking the necessary steps to ensure that we are prepared to handle the expected growth in 2021. This past year has proved that although we have accomplished great things during our transformation, our team is still finding opportunities to push this company to new heights. I enter this year as excited as I have ever been for what the future holds for CSX. Thank you and I'll now turn it back to Bill for questions. As you may have noted at the beginning of the call, Mark Wallace is unfortunately not joining us today as he's dealing with a non-COVID personal health issue. The rest of the team will do its best to answer any marketing questions you may have.
Jim Foote: Well, in many respects, the conversion of trucks up the highway back onto the rail system has been -- we've talked about it for many years where it's our existing customers today, where we're doing a lot of work with them already in their boxcar fleet. And so we know them very well, but we've never really had an opportunity to take a look at their book of business from what they're doing on the other -- on the doors on the other side of the plant, so to speak, where they're sending it out in truck. And now that our service product has become more reliable, we've been able to capture more and more that wallet share. And that applies whether it's in force products, whether it's in pulp board, whether it's in metals, whether it's in chemicals, you name it, we've been able to do that. And I think that's clearly the strategy that we will continue to pursue, along with looking at ways through our transflow opportunities, where we can reach customers' business that before we didn't have the capability to handle because we didn't focus on kind of the last-mile business if we didn't directly connect to a customer's location. So it's a combination of different factors that spread out really across the entire spectrum of merchandise, and again principally because our service now is as reliable as a truck. And we - obviously, maybe it's the easy way, but let's go to our customers that we already know and do business with and shake the tree there. And there is a ton of opportunity for us. And again, similarly, in our intermodal franchise, where we're getting more businesses, we're looking at lanes that before we couldn't compete in because we had somewhat of a disjointed network, and we've worked hard to rationalize and improve the service on the network and that's bringing us additional business. So we've been building on this for a number of years, and we expect it to continue to pay benefits in 2021.
Jim Foote: In terms of missed opportunities, we have – we, CSX are no different than anybody else in the country. And our employees have been impacted by the virus to the same degree as everyone else, if not more, in the transportation sector, because they're essential workers and they're out there on the frontline in and out every single day, making sure the goods get across the country and we can take care of people that are -- have the luxury to sit home and ride this thing out. So if we've missed any opportunities, it's been as the surge of traffic came back in the third quarter, just about the time the virus began to tick up. And then clearly, it took off with the Thanksgiving holiday. So we're aware of that. We're prepared for that. And maybe we've missed something along the way. I think what Kevin was more and more concerned was and Kevin is not be able to express his opinions on this. We think that based upon all the work we've done for the company to make sure that we can grow this business. And with the potential for a rebound in the economy and with the potential for maybe stimulus and with the potential for maybe additional transportation spend by the government, we don't want to miss out on something if it comes along, we want to be ready to handle it. So we're planning, we're preparing. We're making sure -- clearly, we have track capacity. Clearly, we have assets in terms of locomotives, et cetera. What we want to make sure is, we have the employees. And this is not like we can go hire some guy off the street and put them to work the next day. It takes five, six months to train these people to get them ready. So we're aware of the curve that we want to make sure that we're managing to the curve. And so, I think that's what Kevin was referring to, in any missed opportunity, was to make sure that we're prepared to handle growth when it comes.
Jim Foote: Great, Allison. Good one question. So, a couple -- three years ago, it was just only a couple of three years ago when we were in New York talking about how we were going to take this wore out, beat up, run down railroad and have a 60% operating ratio in a couple of three years, and everybody said, you guys are crazy, can't be done. And now I think you said you want double nickels here win next year. We're trying to grow operating income and earnings per share, so that we can reward our shareholders and not just get singularly focused on these operating ratio. So the operating ratio pretty much will be what it is. Obviously, you saw what we can do when we get our hands dirty and we get focused on what needs to be done in order to run the company better. I truly believe, as Jamie and his team get in collaboration with Mark and the sales and marketing team, collaborate on how we need to get this company running more -- even much, much, much more reliably and faster in the future in order to provide a better quality product to our customers. The necessary result, the ultimate result of all of that is that we take a lot of crazy unnecessary activities out of the system that we do today, and that drives down the cost. So without focusing on a specific reduction in the operating ratio, I firmly believe that we will continue to drive efficiency, but as we – and we'll do that as we focus on – and we'll focus – as we focused on driving – building a better product for our customers. In terms of in terms of short-haul railroads with – versus long-haul railroads with – in the operating ratio. Again, every railroad is slightly different. Every railroad has its nuances. Used to – we used to have some really, really, really nice long-haul routes across Western Canada back in the day when I used to work there. And it was very nice to ride along and take a look at the moose and some greenfields and a little bit of this, a little bit of that, go for a couple of thousand miles. But there weren't any customers. Here, we're like winding around and maybe got a little shorter haul, a little more challenges. And in – we're stopping all the time because we've got customers all over the place. So they come – it comes with what it is. This is – there's a lot of business activity in the east that we have the opportunity here to take advantage of. And that's a good thing. And another part of my history goes back to my days at the Chicago Northwestern when we built the line into the Powder River Basin coal fields subsidiary called Western Railroad properties, which is about 200 miles long, hit an operating ratio that started with a four handle. So every piece of – every railroad property is different. Every railroad property is unique. Our goal is to have the best quality product and do it in the most efficient way. And if we do those two things, the thing that happens is we make a lot of money doing it.
Jim Foote: Yes, thanks. Look, if I was to look at percentages, when you think about it, our attrition rate is somewhere around 8% per year, so what we want to do is kind of front-load that attrition rate, keep a good eye on our discussions with Mark and his team to make sure we're ahead of that business that might be coming our way as we progress through the year, which then allows us to backfill the rest of that attrition towards the back end of the year. If the business doesn't come, we'll be in a situation where we can at least attrit out to the end of the year and go from there. So, as Jim said, it takes four to six months to make a conductor. So, we don't get ahead of this now and the business comes along, we're going to be leaving it on the ground, and that's the last thing we want to do.
Jim Foote: And look, on the asset side, in particular, locomotives, we started this back in 2017 with almost 4,000 locomotives, our fleets down $21.50, I think, today, right around that area. So, we've got hundreds of locomotives still in storage ready to pull out when needed. But we're also continuing to invest in our locomotive fleet. I mean our CapEx coming up this year. We're going to continue to rebuild locomotives. We've got 67 in the plan this year, and continuing to do that as we go forward. It's really important that we continue to invest in the assets that we have. And that allows us to put trip optimizer, distributed power, fuel savings, as well as reliability. So, we're comfortable with the assets that we have now. We just want to continue to invest in rebuilding what we have going forward.
Jim Foote: Yeah. Let me just make a general comment and then Jamie can answer you into details about where we are in terms of headcount. I think the railroads are not unique in the second half of the year. This phenomena with everyone trying to keep up with this unprecedented volume is creating issues whether it be in foreign ports, whether it be in ocean vessels, whether it be in the West Coast ports, the East Coast ports, the railroads, the trucks, logistics service providers, you name it. Everybody is dealing with a situation where volumes are unprecedented and volatile. At the same time, when we have hundreds, literally hundreds of employees are sick or in quarantine. In one day, it's on the west side of the railroad. The next day, it's on the east side of the rail. The next say, it's in the north side of the rail, next day it’s in Florida. And so for us to be doing the job from a service standpoint right now, I don't think anybody is saying, they're having problems because the railroads are screwed up. We're doing a really, really, really good job of managing our way through this. And I'll let Jamie talk in some more detail about what it is we're doing.
Jim Foote: Yes. And by doing all those things correctly in a coordinated fashion between operations and sales and marketing, that's what's driving this business from the highway onto the rail.
Jim Foote: Yes, David, the hiring is really offsetting the attrition that we expect through the full year. But really front-end loading that so we can get ahead of it and react to any volume upside that could occur in the second half.
Jim Foote: Let me start with the look at the trip plans on the intermodal side. Look, we have -- we considered probably on both ends, the most stringent trip plans out there with respect to always making sure that we measure both loads and empties, whether that's intermodal or on the merchandise side. And I'd like to say our times are probably some of the most stringent times out there where, on the intermodal side, you're arriving to the minute. Over the past couple of months or a month or so, UPS peak was amazing. It was a big, big quarter. I don't think that's a surprise. And as we felt some pressure at different ports in different areas, we got the opportunity to move even more UPS traffic than we expected to. So some of our international traffic may have -- that isn't as time-sensitive, may have taken a little longer to get off the port than we normally would to make sure we move the time sensitive traffic. But going forward, I fully look at our numbers with respect to the intermodal side, 90% above is where we should be getting. I mean, we're shooting for above 95% on that, and I'm confident that our team is there. And we're starting to see some of those numbers hit already as we've moved past some of that UPS peak. On the carload side, again, you missed by two hours on the carload side, that's it. It's failed, whether it's a loader or empty, and our connections are tight from terminal to terminal. And if you have some of those COVID pockets, we're 40% of your terminals off, and it takes you an extra six or eight or 10 hours to get a car to a terminal, that’s a failure. We're not willing to change our standards and our metrics with respect to where they sit to getting to that last mile. So we're going to work through this, which we have. We've seen some improvement on the numbers. Not as quick as I would like to see some of those continue to move forward. But we do have the best metrics with respect to those who look at trip plans out there today. So we're confident that moving forward, we're going to see that number get up into the 80s. And our target will continue to be to push forward with that, which will allow that reliability for Mark and his team to go up there and continue to sell this product that we've built.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I think, as I mentioned last quarter, we had the greatest contribution from our Intermodal business, which has traditionally been viewed as a least profitable segment of our business. But yes, we put up a record OR. I think we again proved that in the fourth quarter. You saw the intermodal business, obviously, having the strongest growth. And again, we were able to deliver record OR performance As we go into 2021 as with any year, there's normal inflation costs that you have to offset and overcome as you want to improve your margins going into next year. We have labor inflation a little bit higher than what we saw in 2020. We have health and welfare costs ticking up a little bit more than what we saw last year. But really inflation, when I look over the long-term average, it's probably a little bit under that long-term average, so not a huge significant headwind. But really, the variable here is going to be the growth. I'm very confident if growth exceeds our expectations that we'll drop that through at a very attractive incremental margin. Our goal here is to be prepared for the growth to grow operating income. That's really the goal of what we're talking about around here. It's exciting to talk about and prepare for growth. And so that's what we're looking at. I mentioned in the first-half of the year, we'll accelerate our hiring to make sure we're prepared for whatever environment comes in the second-half. And Jamie will quickly adjust accordingly if things change on us, which as we know, this has been a dynamic environment and we just want to be ahead of the curve and be prepared for it and be able to deliver. I think we all say, shame on us, if we can't deliver the growth when it comes. And so that's what we're talking about here internally.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I think when you look at the first half of the year, we'll have some fuel surcharge. Fuel will still be a headwind really in the first quarter, will start -- that will start to moderate as you get in the second quarter. So, second half of the year, you'll see a little bit less fuel surcharge headwind. Coal in the first half of the year, probably on a yield basis, will be a little bit of a headwind. Obviously, that market’s pretty dynamic, particularly on the export side. But see some support going in the second half of the year. So, I would say, definitely expect second half to be improved over first half, but that always goes back to mix as well as we see some of our higher RPU business, whether it's chemicals or other areas, see continued strength, that certainly helps the dynamic there. But the coal dynamic should moderate first half of the year and really not be as much of a headwind going forward.
Kevin Boone: Yes, I'll take the comp per employee. Look, as I talked about in my opening remarks, we're going to see a little bit of more labor inflation this year. We'll see the management increase take effect here, January 1, which is a little bit different than what we've seen in previous years. So, that will be effective in the first quarter. But overall, I think historically, we talked about this 3% increase and without knowing what really incentive comp can move around quarter-to-quarter. All those things, I think a 3% kind of range is a good starting point.
Kevin Boone: Yeah. Again, I think we gave relative revenue guidance because there is a little bit of uncertainty, I think, as you get into the second half, hopefully, some of these initiatives that Jim talked about will take hold and we'll see the economy strengthened through the back half of the year. I think we're real comfortable just saying that we're pretty confident in the incremental margins that we've been able to deliver, and we'll continue to do that, particularly if we get stronger revenue growth than we expect there. So that's the opportunity. On the MS&O, when you look at the fourth quarter, really, we're able to deliver what we thought we're going to do when we guided in the third quarter. Real estate sales going into 2021 will be flat, so not a real big factor or driver on those costs on a year-over-year basis. We do expect inflation to hit us in 2021 there. But again, it's an area where we have a lot of focus, and we'll continue to try to find opportunities to take out costs. So I think expect some normal inflation impact to that line item, but nothing real impactful there moving into 2021. It will move also with volume. So if volume is a little bit higher than what we expect. You would see some variable costs move up with that as well.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I think, look, I would expect something lower by the time we exit this year. So yes, I think that's probably a this year event. We'll watch it closely here. Certainly, as we get more comfortable with the trajectory of the economy and those things, we'll have those discussions internally here on what makes sense. We always want to be opportunistic. So we'll be there opportunistically in the stock as well. So it gives us a lot of flexibility. We're going to generate a lot of cash this year as well. So it's a good position to be in. It's a position of strength. And we'll do the best we can.
Kevin Boone: Well, I think a lot of this, I think, is going to give us the ability to hit the hot pockets where we were low on crews right now and it's really redistributing Jamie, correct me if I'm wrong, – redistributing a lot of the employees to where we were going to need and where we see the growth coming.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I think when you look at our coal business; fourth quarter was -- showed a little bit of strength versus previous three. So, we're exiting the year at a little bit better position than what we saw, call it, the middle of the year here. Going into next year, probably the strength that we anticipate will really be on the domestic side with a little bit of the utility stockpiles below normal levels. So, we see some opportunity there. You see the same benchmark prices on the export side that we see. They stabilize, which is a good sign. They're still well below the levels that we saw pre-pandemic, whether that's an opportunity from here, we hope so. I think the risk/reward is probably a little bit more balanced than it has been in previous years or particularly coming into 2020. So, you're probably referencing the China, Australia, spat they have on the coal side right now, not helping the global prices right now and so not really helping us. So, hopefully, that gets resolved, and we'll see some maybe net price upside here going forward, but that's a very difficult market for us to predict. On the thermal side, if you look at our business today in the fourth quarter, really, that export business is 75% med and 25% thermal. If you get some of these polar vortex impacting some of the global markets and get a cold wave here. Maybe that's an opportunity because we're delivering very little to Europe and other areas today. So, we're going into the year cautiously optimistic. I don't see a huge upside case, but see a little bit of stability and strength off of the fourth quarter.
Kevin Boone: Well, as I said, there's -- there are a lot of different views on what the underlying number is going to be. And so right now, we're not -- we're trying to find what is the most reliable number for us to look at. And also at the same time, as you know, everybody is adjusting their numbers and to a large degree, from -- they're adjusting them down. So, our guys don't necessarily have -- our guys have a -- I'm sure they have -- they have an independent view, but it's not something that we're going to put out there as what we think right now is something that we're willing to bet the pharma, and so to speak, and how we're going to run the company. We're trying to look at all the different viewpoints and as we move further into 2021, hopefully, things get clearer and clearer for us as we progress.
Kevin Boone: Yes. Like I said, the revenue -- or the fuel surcharge will be a headwind in the first quarter. That will weigh on the yield similarly to what we saw in the fourth quarter here. That will moderate in the second quarter and then I think you'll see some improvement. I always have to caveat it with mix matters, right? And depending on what markets, hopefully, the strong markets, like our chemical business and others, continue to have some upside, and that will obviously be a huge impact to our yield performance. If the coal export market strengthens, as you know, our contracts are structured to participate in the commodity prices, if they strengthen. So that would be also an opportunity for us into the back half of the year. Offsetting that, I think, we are still very bullish on, as you heard us talk about on the intermodal side, it's a really good business for us. It happens to have a lower RPU, but we make good money there. And so we would -- Jamie is ready to handle more growth there, and we have a great team going after more opportunities. So, although, it's equal, where we see it today, which will change probably tomorrow. Yes, a little bit of headwind in the first quarter, probably strengthening into the back half of the year.
Kevin Boone: Well, we don't see real-time -- some of our partners see in terms of price. We'll generally see a lag there. There's also inflation adjusters that occur, they want a lag basis as well. So, again, it kind of fits with my commentary around probably second half, hopefully showing some improvement over the first half. Unfortunately, in strong markets, we don't get to reprice our entire book of business. Today, these things happen over time. We'll need the markets to remain strong and supportive. And so that yes, I think we're somewhat optimistic, but there's a lot of – time will tell. What happens going forward, if the economy can strengthen in the back half of the year that certainly will help the discussions our sales and marketing team are having. So they're out there selling the business hard right now.
Jamie Foote: I think, Jim, really nailed it with respect to some of the pockets we're seeing and why some of the levels aren't where they were historically. But you really look at some of the stuff that we have gained though as well. When you look at – to a 19% all-time record train length increase year-over-year, the fuel efficiency, everything else that we've been able to keep and maintain and continue to move forward as we talk about 2021. I can tell you today, as we see -- Jim said, hundreds and hundreds of employees are off, that's correct. And as we start to see 100 employees less, let's say, today than we were a few weeks ago, yes we're starting to feel that we're getting even more fluid. So as those numbers come down, we feel like we have the right number of people out there, if we -- if everyone returned to work. Now I wish, I could predict where the next pocket was going to be and try to send people that way, but it's difficult to do that. So yes, we're going to hit some bumps and bruises, I think, over the next quarter or so. On some of our service levels, but we are pushing. And is there a limit where we're happy? No, absolutely not. We've got -- if anyone wants to ask the question, is there anything left? What else are you going to continue to do, it's normally a question we get asked. Well, our dwell and velocity isn't where it needs to be. That's an opportunity. So as we continue to maintain all the hard work that we've done with the new plan, and the team that I've got out there working hard day in and day out on dwell and velocity and what's going on in the terminals, we're going to get that much better. And as business comes back and as we do some hiring, it helps us move the new commodities that we have come online. But really, what we have today is just a matter of dealing with the pockets that are out there. I can tell you, it is a daily exercise in trying to understand how some terminals we work around 40% of our employees being off on COVID. It doesn't just normally hit a small percentage. We do have it across the property. But we have some pockets where 40% of our employees are gone for a period of time. We've got a great team that moves into there, helps out. We work ourselves through it. We work around it, which is great about the network we have as we can do that, and continue to move the product. Look, we will see our numbers continue to improve as we move forward. But again, it's -- sometimes it's a daily exercise depending on where we're having our COVID issues.
Jamie Foote: Well, we -- again, we've never said that we are singularly focused on one thing only, and that's trying to get the operating ratio down. And just in simplistic terms, if you want at a 50 operating ratio, we'd have a 50 operating ratio. We do it like quickly. I'm not sure what would be left to the company in the process.  But – so it's always a balance between trying to do things as efficiently as you possibly can. While you're delivering a good product to the customer, so you can grow the business. And that's always from day one, since I walked in the door here being the plan. And it just takes a while to get the railroad to run right because you can start to be able to generate some new business. So the algorithm going forward is the algorithm that we've had in place for the last 3 going on 4 years, focused on delivering a really high-quality, good, reliable product to the customer, which allows you to get more business. And if you do that, you drive a whole bunch of unnecessary costs out of the company and you increase efficiency. When you do that, you make a lot of money and you make a lot of money, shareholders are happy. That's our simple business plan.
Jamie Foote: Government stability that too much to ask for. I would be – that would be a good start. So let's give them a couple of weeks to figure out whether or not we're going to have debt, and then we can start figuring out, if there's any significant real change in anybody's agenda. We're used to working with not only on the federal level. But we operate in 22, 23 states. Some of them are led by a Democratic Governor and some are led by a Republican Governor. So we're used to dealing with all kinds of philosophies in viewpoints as it relates to government relations with business. And so, it's not new to us. We'll just figure out what to do and how to interact, and then we'll get along fine with everybody.
Jamie Foote: No, not necessarily. I mean, again, there's a mix -- there's a remix. There's a mix on the STB that goes back and forth in terms of whether it's -- now, I guess it's two-three versus what it was before, maybe two-three, versus maybe what it was at one point in time. So, again, this is something we're always dealing with. We're not unique in the sense that we're a regulated -- or we have a regulator. And so, it's not like every airline railroad, telephone company, TV company, you name it, anybody that's got a regulator, all of a sudden is worried about the end of days. We just adapt, and we figure out what it is their concerns are. And we work appropriately with them. And we've been doing this for a couple of hundred years and doing it successfully.
Jamie Boychuk: Okay. I'll try to take a stab at -- you're hard to hear, but let me try to work down with respect to where we're sitting with some of our metrics. So, yes, our dwell and our velocity definitely has been impacted here over the past couple -- probably, a couple of months, but we've seen probably more of a deterioration really over the past month, if you take a look at some of our numbers. And again, a lot of that's COVID related. But for us, it's really important to show that as an opportunity as well. As we continue to move things faster and we get our dwell to where we know it can be and will be. Those are costs that are going to continue to come out as we look at our plan. Cars online, our target, we're a little bit above where our target -- where we really want it to be. But you got to think, when we started this back in 2017, we were over 150,000 cars online. Now, we're somewhere around 100,000, maybe 120,000 depending on where you're looking at it. We have done some things differently on that. There was a time, I would say, a year ago where we were shooting for a 90% fill rate, because we didn't necessarily understand whether the fill rate was correct? Whether the customers were ordering and not ordering. Mark and his team have done an unbelievable job working with us to understand that, that fill rate now, pushing it to 100%, gives us that extra business that Jim has been talking about, about knocking on our customers' doors to say, hey, why are you trucking when you got rail service, give it to us and allow us that reliability. That means at some point, you're going to have to bring on some cars online, as you take a look at fulfilling 100% fill rate. So that's what we're pushing towards in our model. We're comfortable with that. We're keeping a good eye on what those cars look like as they move around. And if anything, the opportunity, as we look at the car fleet we have, now as we start picking up that velocity, we're going to get more loads out of those cars that are out there, which is more opportunity for us to be able to spin the customer cars. Some of the highest numbers that we have year-over-year are private cars. So that's an opportunity there for customers to spin their cars faster and give us four or five more loads a year as we get quicker. So, yes, it's opportunity, opportunity, opportunity as we move forward with the plan that we put in.
Jamie Boychuk: Look, when we talk about hard assets with respect to locomotives, we're in a good spot. We're going to need to use some more locomotives as some volume starts to come back. Yes. When you look at bulk business, definitely, those are per train starts. When you look at our car fleet, I'm comfortable that as our dwell continues to come down as we move forward, we'll need less boxcars. But we're going to make sure that we hit that fulfillment rate of 100%, right? That's a 10% difference when you really think about 90% was a target a year-or-so ago. Now it's 100% as we move forward with our customers, showing the reliability of being there with the car supply we say we're going to be. Yes, you're going to see a bit of an increase. But where we're at right now is a good spot. As we move faster, as I mentioned, we'll get that many more loads out of the cars that are out there, which is going to help that growth as we continue to move forward. And I think we've really touched on the people side of things. Front-loading is the right thing to do. It gives us that four to six months to do that hiring practice and deal with the attrition that we see out there and prepare us for what's going to happen towards the second half.
Jamie Boychuk: Yes. It's based off of – obviously, we look at our attrition rate and where it's at and where we expect those employees to attrit out. But this is working very close with the marketing team. This is very – as Jim mentioned earlier, the closer that Mark and myself and our teams work together, we know and have an idea where this business growth is going to come from. Could it throw us a curveball? Sure, it could. But you want to – as it stands right now, we're preparing in those areas that we need to, and we're going to make sure that we hire in those – to make sure we can capture that growth. And look at cars online, really, when you look at year-over-year, the percentage is 12%. But really, we're down 4% full year versus prior full year. So we're not talking about a big percentage points here. And it's really important that we give the reliability of getting that box card to 100% fulfillment, if we want those customers convert over.
