Oscar Munoz: Well, thank you Mr. Gooden, and good morning to everyone. Allow me to be brief, since I’m happy to once again report that CSX continues to demonstrate excellence in what have been our key focus areas over the last few years: safety, customer service, and efficiency. On the chart, I’ll begin with the safety column on the left. The personal injury rate was essentially unchanged from the prior year, and the train accident rate improved 23% to 1.70. This reflects our continued commitment to keep our employees and the communities where we work safe. Moving to service, on time performance remains at record levels, reflecting the diligent efforts of our organization. Looking at the network, velocity has improved once again, and dwell is at an all-time low, which means that customers are receiving outstanding service while we continue to maximize our assets. Moving to the far right, and as a result of all these efforts, we still expect to deliver over $150 million of efficiency savings this year. Let’s talk about resource management on the next slide. The company’s improvement in operating efficiency complements the great service CSX is providing to its customers. Carloads and gross ton miles were up about 3% in the third quarter, and we absorbed this additional workload with fewer resources on a year over year basis. As you move down the chart, you can see road crew starts were nearly 3% lower as volume growth was largely incorporated onto existing trains. Additionally, the active locomotive count was 3% lower than last year, and total operations employment was down 4% in the quarter. This demonstrates our ongoing commitment to adjust resource levels to operate reliably and efficiently. Now, if I could, let me discuss one of our productivity initiatives in a bit more detail, on the next slide. Gross ton miles per road crew start was up over 6% versus last year. Now, remember that crew costs are variable to train starts, and the improvement in this metric allows us to grow volume without significant incremental costs. Now, this ability to absorb volume with an existing train service does not happen by accident. And while it takes many departments working together to make this so, I want to thank our operations research and service planning teams who developed sophisticated modeling tools that allow us to optimize our complex network. Field execution of this operating plan enables us to deliver this excellent service while also realizing the greater efficiencies. Now, going forward, there’s still additional capacity on existing trains, and as business grows, we’ll absorb that volume whenever possible, always monitoring customer service levels closely to ensure reliable and predictable train performance. Now let me wrap up. The safety of our employees and the communities we work in remains a primary focus for us, and we urge our employees every day to look out for and support one another in this endeavor. Service and customer satisfaction remain at high levels, and we remain committed to providing flexible solutions for our customers to enable their growth while driving improved asset utilization and of course long term value for you as shareholders. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, we remain on track to deliver $150 million in efficiency savings this year. So, with that, let me turn it back to Fredrik for his review of the financials.
Oscar Munoz: I might quibble with the “pretty good” definition. I think we’ve done a great job for the team, but thanks. I think if I characterize your question as, can you continue to deliver productivity in sort of a softer environment, I think we’ve proved that we can. So the answer to that is yes. Is there more to be had? I think there is. There’s a lot of opportunity in our field. If you think of our local serving areas versus our main line road, there’s an opportunity there. Our assets still could use a lot more efficiency in how they’re utilized across our system. So we see lots of activity going forward. In fact, we just recently completed a review of, for instance our next year’s productivity savings, and I’m happy to say as well that we are very much in line with the long term guidance we’ve given at this early stage. So there’s a lot there to be had, and there’s a lot of detail behind it, so I think we’re going to talk here in November at one of the analyst conferences, and I think I’ll be outlining some of the more specifics in that area to give you more confidence in our ability to continue to do that.
Oscar Munoz: We’ve got, as you can imagine, plenty of capacity, probably 20-25% in some of those markets. And again, we’re waiting for the volume to come back to fill those. The train side is actually increasing a little bit, but be careful with that, because higher capacity cars, intermodal double stacking, all of that’s affecting those lengths. So mix does affect that a little bit. But overall, on both merchandise and across our system, all train lengths have improved quarter over quarter.
Oscar Munoz: I think there’s a degree of movement and mix, and so something like a Louisville has got a lot of the auto business going through it. And so as I mentioned before, we have an operational design team that’s constantly looking at it. And in fact, we’re in the process of making some investments with another railroad, the LIRC, to actually understand the choke points we have interest in that area, and be able to relieve them. And so it is purely a function of, as our train movements go from place to place, we’ll always have these little choke points, how you react and recover from them is the critical area. And for that particular place in Louisville for instance, we have a very specific solution for it. But thanks for noticing.
Oscar Munoz: It’s a combination. So certainly longer hauls are part of the mix. There’s a lot of difficult planning and work, and a lot of technology that’s been involved recently. We have items like trip optimizer, dynamic train planning, and a host of other areas that actually affect that. And at the end of the day, the operating train plan is the one that has to be developed efficiently to get those things. So it’s not just about a longer haul movement.
Oscar Munoz: You know, like everything else, as the team continues to work and collaborate closely, and as well the use of all these tools, it’s a nice slow and gradual ramp up. And we hit our mark very nicely this quarter.
Michael Ward: Well, thank you, Fredrik. Since the beginning of 2012, the CSX team has successfully overcome almost $750 million of a coal revenue loss due to the transition taking place in the energy markets. As you heard this morning, we expect that this transition will continue into next year. As it does, our focus will be the same. First, relentlessly pursuing safety, customer service, and efficiency, the things that we control the most. Our culture and systems are built for this, and it has seen us through many ups and downs in the marketplace. Second, continue to pursue opportunities in our growing merchandise and intermodal businesses. That growth is already happening as the economy continues its slow recovery. Third, continue to invest in the most promising long term growth opportunities we see, especially in our intermodal business, where we are finding that the marketplace is very receptive to our enhanced capabilities. Our third quarter results show the resiliency of this team and its ability to work through transitions while also managing to grow volumes in most of the product markets we serve. Once the transition in the energy markets is complete, we believe that the investors will appreciate the new diversity and vibrancy of our product portfolio, especially when paired with an underlying business that is strong, highly focused, and able to capitalize on opportunities in the near and long term. This team’s energy and motivation is not only fueled by the market opportunities we see now in merchandise and intermodal, but also by the ongoing belief in the long term outlook for rail transportation as population and consumption increases, American manufacturing gains competitiveness, and the global trade requires the movement of products across this country in ways that are good for the economy and the environment. That’s what we do. With that, we’ll be pleased to take your questions.
Michael Ward: Well, when we visit with the legislators, the one thing that they really do appreciate is the private capital we bring to the infrastructure of the United States. Clearly, we have huge challenges with our infrastructure, and quite frankly all the rails have been investing 16-17%. They’ve realized that’s valuable, helps relieve highway congestion and some of the burden there. So they’re very supportive of the fact that we’re making more. And I think the fact that we’re making more but investing more is an equation that for them makes really good sense. On the issue of coal, clearly we knew that there was going to be some issues come 2015. Natural gas obviously accelerated that with the low prices. And one thing I read in the Journal today, though, that you might find of interest, the Supreme Court has agreed to take up the issue of EPA expanding the SO2 from mobile sources to stationary sources, which I think could be a very interesting twist. Because quite frankly, the law doesn’t allow them to do the stationary sources in the manner that they are doing so. So we’re really pleased that the Supreme Court has taken that up. But clearly, this administration doesn’t favor the use of coal. I think personally that we’re going to find it’s going to be part of the mix longer term. If you look at the nuclear plants that are being built, they’re already being delayed into late in this decade, maybe even next decade. So I think over time - and this is my own personal view - we’ll find coal will once again have a role. But it’s going to be a tough few years here with this administration’s war on coal.
Michael Ward: But I don’t think they’re even going to propose rules on existing [unintelligible] until the middle of ’14, and putting them in place in the middle of ’15. So it’s certainly far out, and we don’t even know whether they’re planning on that.
Michael Ward: Well, thank you everyone for your attention and your interest, and we’ll see you again next quarter.
Clarence Gooden: We’ve looked at a couple of the markets, but we just haven’t seen one. And crude was one that we looked at early on, and we just did not see where we had any flexibility at all to price as we do in the coal market.
Clarence Gooden: It does. On the fixed variable, there would be no liquidated damages. The fixed part almost in effect is replacing the liquidated damages. All the other contracts that are in coal that are not fixed variable you could assume would have liquidated damages applicable.
Clarence Gooden: I think you’ll see, in the case of the export coal, just a slight downward movement in the rates for the thermal side of the business, in the coal, particularly with that API index starting with a 7, like a 7.9 or 8.0. It’s essentially to keep our producers in the marketplace during this downturn until it ticks back up. It would only be a very slight downward movement in our rates, and you’ll see the producers having to absorb a lot of that downturn in order for them to keep their mines in production.
Clarence Gooden: I think for next year the plants that are down currently today that are both have been shuttered or that are being impacted by low natural gas prices will stay in that mode as long as gas prices are down. The major impact we’ll see next year will remain in our southern utilities, where stockpiles continue to be stubbornly high, and will probably remain that way, through the midyear or beyond.
Clarence Gooden: It’s a little too early right now to determine that. As we told you in the past, the fixed variable contracts account for about 25% of our total domestic coal revenue. We’ve got about 20% of our utility contracts up for renewal this year. So depending on how that goes, by the end of the year we’ll have a better outlook on that.
Clarence Gooden: Pricing was strong for intermodal during the quarter, and it was on the domestic side, that is true.
Clarence Gooden: Not necessarily true. In fact, it could be just the exact opposite. It depends on whether or not the international traffic is originating on the West Coast and coming east to us, or originating in our East Coast ports and coming in. We’ll tend to have a longer length of haul on that traffic that we interchange from the western carriers than we do from the traffic that originates in the east. So it just depends on which direction it’s coming from and whether or not the private asset parts of it also would, on the domestic side, have a difference in the pricing.
Clarence Gooden: We think we offer a good product, a good value. We think our fundamental economics are good. We think that the environmental aspects of the product that we offer are pretty good. As always, you get pushback from many of your client base on price increases, but we’ve been able to get those increases in the marketplace. And as you can see, in the same-store sales results that we had today, we had a 3% year over year improvement in our same-store sales pricing. And that compares with last year on the same comparison basis of 3.3%. Most of the difference there has been the difference in what the escalators were for inflation. So we feel pretty solid about being able to get above the inflation pricing going forward here in the next quarters, as we move forward.
Clarence Gooden: I think the main reason is we’ve lapped most of the ones that we’ve already had. We had earlier the automotive loss that you saw in there, and we had the port shift, which really wasn’t a competitive loss. Business has just shifted ports. We have a lot of puts and takes here all the time. We lose some business, we gain some business, and so that’s what you’re seeing a reflection of.
Clarence Gooden: Bill, I’ve got to tell you, I think what I’ve seen, and what our intermodal people have seen, is that the hours of service law has really had negligible impact on the trucking industry. What it has in effect done is put more regulation, and has made it more expensive and more difficult for the truckers to do business with, which is another dynamic that is making intermodal a better product for the customer to use. I would attribute more of our growth success to the fact that we put a lot of emphasis on organic growth and we had a specific program launch, and put a specific sales force behind a program that we call highway to rail conversions. So we’ve been very successful in that program this year, and going out to the beneficial cargo owners, along with our channel of sales partners and introducing to people who are not traditional users of the intermodal product, or were fairly light users of the intermodal product, what intermodal is, what its capabilities are, and what the service product that our operating team is delivering for us, those combinations together have proved to be very successful for us.
Clarence Gooden: I would say there are two major factors that occurred there. One was what we had described both last quarter and this quarter, and that’s the fixed variable component that’s in the domestic part of our coal, and a principal driver, then, would be the rates and the export coal.
Clarence Gooden: It’s not a meaningful number, and at this point, we don’t have much under contract for next year. And with everybody playing coy right now, it’s going to be difficult for us to know that number really right up until the end of the year.
Clarence Gooden: We don’t have that concern right now. No, it hasn’t come up. In fact, it’s just the opposite. Number one, we expect to continue this growth, and I hope you picked up in our prepared remarks that we’ll be cycling Hurricane Sandy in the fourth quarter. So we expect to continue to see good growth throughout this year.
Clarence Gooden: I don’t have that number in front of me, but it’s a relatively small number compared to our overall business.
Clarence Gooden: Well, it depends on, I guess, whether you’re dealing in transcon or in eastern move. But typically in an eastern move you might see that number somewhere between 5% and 10%. Transcon, you may see that number around 10%.
Clarence Gooden: I would think of it two ways. Number one, a truck is always going to be a more direct form of transportation, a higher premium, than it is going to be in intermodal moves, simply by the sheer nature and design of the vehicle itself and what you’re doing. What we’re trying to do is stay focused on the bottom line contribution and the profitability of that move. So we’ll probably, for the foreseeable future, carry a discount against the the truck itself. But our focus is going to be on improving the contribution to the bottom line of that intermodal move.
Clarence Gooden: I don’t have that number in front of me, and I’m doing this strictly from memory, so I’ll be directionally correct. I’m doing it from memory of the last review I had with our intermodal people. But the growth will tend to have been more in the east than in the transcon.
Clarence Gooden: That’s right, and we just had a study updated this past quarter that we had done last year, as a matter of fact, and we’ve got 9 million addressable loads in the east, over 550 miles, that we still haven’t touched as an industry, that could possibly be converted to intermodal.
Clarence Gooden: Well, we’ve looked at what is in place now up to 2015, and there probably won’t be much impact to us, because the plants that would be impacted have already been impacted, either by shutting down or by the impact of natural gas itself. Now, the proposed EPA requirements that may or may not go into effect for the existing power plants, we haven’t really taken a look at that, because as you’re probably aware better than I am, that will be litigated before any impact of that occurs.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, as we’ve said, and I’ve said this now for a period of time, it’s become more challenging because of both what we’re seeing in the export market and the fact that the utility stockpile has not worked itself down as we had expected originally by the end of this year. The economy, though, continues to be strong, growing at a relatively slow pace, but it’s still moving forward, which is a good sign. And so what we’ve said, when we laid out the guidance, was that we expect coal to be flat. And as we look at 2014 to 2015, in order to get that, we’d like to get pretty close to that assumption. Clearly, with continued strong productivity gains, a little bit stronger pricing that we have, or the economy doing a little bit better than we think, we still think there’s a shot at getting to that 10% to 15% CAGR. But clearly it has to be not linear at this point, based on what we’re seeing in the coal markets today, which is why we think that 2015 has to probably be a little bit higher growth than what we’re going to expect in 2014.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think as you’ve seen in the past year, one thing that you know when you lay out a plan, it really never comes to fruition exactly the way you had planned, so you’re going to have to be flexible and agile. And that’s exactly the way we execute. We focus on the things that we control, and productivity is one of the areas that we do have relatively good control, and if we also can get some help on the commercial side, both in price and additional volume, there’s still a path to get there.
Fredrik Eliasson: You answered your own question there, because if you think about what’s occurred over the last couple of years, with the double stack clearances that we’ve done, and the fact that we are continuing to make sure, as Clarence alluded to before, have solid pricing gains in that market as well, coupled with the train density that we’ve been able to build up over the last few years, the investments we’ve made there, we think that our profitability not just on the incremental basis, but on the average long term economic basis is very attractive and at par with the rest of our merchandise business, with maybe one or two exceptions. So we feel very good about our ability to not only grow that business going forward, but also make a significant amount of money on it going forward.
Fredrik Eliasson: One of the things we’ve said, in the previous seven or eight years or so, it’s been driven a fair amount by a lot of legacy pricing and clearly productivity as well. As we now look to the next few years, our view is that it’s going to be a little bit more balanced between all three levers. So, productivity, price, and volume. And that’s really how we’re thinking about it going forward. And clearly because some of the challenges we see on the coal side, we do expect the rest of the business to remain pretty robust during this period of time, because of some of the initiatives we have in place.
Fredrik Eliasson: And maybe I’ll take this one, just having looked at it not that long ago. Clearly, as I said earlier in my remarks, pricing going forward is not going to be as big of a portion as it’s been over the last decade or so, because of legacy pricing, merchandise adjustment. Some of the other markets were probably higher back then. But at the run rate that we’ve seen here this year, and what we saw last year, was really impacted predominantly by what Clarence outlined before, the change in the escalators in our contract, as they’ve come down, as rail inflation has come down. But I would say the last few years have been pretty stable in those markets.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, I think that, once again, the focus from our perspective has always been the bottom line. And we’re going to continue to push inflation plus pricing. Nothing has really changed there. But we do think, and we’re seeing now, there’s an opportunity to grow volume in a more meaningful way than we have over the last decade. And as we grow volume, there’s going to continue to be a need to reinvest in our business and expand facilities. So the guidance we have out there of 16% to 17% of core capital as a percentage of revenue, we still think that’s the right place to be.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, nothing has really changed. What we’re saying is we had a lot of legacy pricing that we had opportunities to reprice early on in this kind of rail [Renaissance] cycle. And over the last few years there hasn’t been a lot of legacy pricing opportunities anymore, so we’ve continued to push inflation plus pricing, just not at the same degree as we’ve seen before. Nothing there is changing going forward from what we’ve seen in the last few years.
Fredrik Eliasson: First of all, it is off the 2013 base, and not the 2012 base. And it is a two-year CAGR. And you’re absolutely right that because of the fact that we have received some additional one-time benefits that perhaps we did not anticipate originally, we have made the two-year CAGR a little bit more difficult as the base for this year has come up. But that is incorporated into our statement around the fact that it’s become more challenging. And so once again, as we look to the next two years, it is a two-year CAGR. It is going to mean that at some point, in order to get there, coal is going to have to come back. And as we have outlined, we think that’s going to be more in 2015 versus 2014. And so overall, I would say that those two assumptions, the economy is going to be growing, albeit at a slow pace, is still something we feel good about, but the coal assumption obviously is still challenging.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think right now we’ve said that in ’15 we need some help on coal again. It doesn’t mean that we need it all the way back, because in any plan you also have opportunities to do better in other areas of your business, including pricing, productivity, the economy coming back a little bit faster than we would have expected. But clearly some help on the coal side from where currently seeing it is probably something that is required.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I think that the additional rate adjustments that we made here in the third quarter to keep the use producers in business and us maximizing the value of our export portfolio is going to be with us into 2014 and well into 2014. And obviously we also will see what the fixed variable contracts will do also. If, for example, the domestic business picks up a little bit, you will see some impact on that all in pricing number as well that will be negative. So that’s what we’ve broken out here, the merchandise intermodal business, because that’s the truest indication of what same-store pricing will do. And that’s what we’re focused on right now to keep that above rail inflation.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, we’ve said this repeatedly. Obviously incremental margins, as you add volume onto an existing train network, is very attractive. And as we continue to grow that business - we grew 5% here in the non-coal business in the third quarter - you will have some train starts. So it’s not like a step function change. You will have some train start increases. But clearly the incremental margin is very attractive. But we do look at everything from a long term economic perspective. That’s how we measure profitability. That’s how we look at things over a longer period of time. But one of the reasons why we’ve been able to hold up as well as we have with this significant change in our coal business is because of the fact that the incremental margin in the intermodal network, and in our merchandise business, is very attractive.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think we are comfortable with, as I said earlier, the 16% to 17% of revenue. We have long term plans that we’re executing against. We are in a good place in terms of our railcars reinvestment cycle. We will bring some additional locomotives on next year, probably not so many in 2015. But we do also have some assets stored, so we feel we’re in a good place with equipment, even if the economy comes back a little bit faster than we might current be expecting.
