Michael Ward: Thank you, Frank. As you heard today CSX is continue to drive results for shareholders in this dynamic business climate by aggressively managing cost and delivering record efficiency savings. The men and women of CSX are working relentlessly to safely, efficiently and successfully serve our customers. As we continue to manage through the current macroeconomic and energy environment we are simultaneously focused on positioning CSX to maximize opportunities going forward. The transformation into the CSX of tomorrow requires growth and increased profitability at our merchandise and intermodal businesses, while preserving the business value of coal as it becomes a smaller part of CSX going forward. With that focus we’ll continue to drive earnings growth and margin expansion for our shareholders as we redeploy capital to further improve the network, support new technology solutions and automation and enhance merchandise and intermodal operations. With continued population growth as well as the challenges facing the trucking industry, we remain confident in the long-term secular growth prospects for domestic intermodal. In support of that vision we continue our multi-year strategy to add network capabilities and new service offerings. This strategy supports improved profitability and the ability to serve ever more service sensitive freight. As we look to the future our core earnings power remained strong and the CSX of tomorrow will continue delivering compelling shareholder value as we further progress towards the target of a mid-60s operating ratio longer term. And now we’ll be pleased to take your questions.
Michael Ward: And Cindy on some of those secondary lines the water has not even peaked yet. So until it does it's hard to even get in there and assess the damage really.
Michael Ward: Brandon one other thought is in terms of your allusion to growth there as we grow especially if we grow in class merchandise business in automotive and intermodal I mean you are going to see incremental margins that really pull on the operating leverage point. So in addition to the productivity line you should see the benefit of that again if the economy is cooperative for us longer term.
Michael Ward: Brandon this Michael, I mean obviously productivity is going to be key and as Cindy said always strive to do more than what she is talking about. But growth does have to be a critical component as we move to the mid-60s operating ratio. We've got already tempered economy here for the last two years and clearly growth has to be part of that equation. And we think with the service partners we have Fredrick's team can grow it once we see any signs of vibrant in the economy, but that is part of the equation.
Cindy Sanborn: Okay, Tom good morning this is Cindy. Here’s how I think about this year and going into next year. So when we as a company started looking at how coal was becoming less and less of our product mix or service product mix, we took a real hard look at how we needed to use our network differently to drive efficiencies, to drive margin expansion from the cost perspective. So a big portion of what you have seen here this year is looking at structural changes in the coal fields and we’re lapping those this month actually when we shut down Erwin and Corbin and so those would not obviously repeat going into future years. But we’re also have looked at driving density both on our routes, on our coal routes and density on our trains in terms of train link and while we are lapping some of the big steps that we were able to take with train links. We do see other opportunities for that it does require investments so the timing of it becomes contingent upon those investments being coming to provision. And then there is a traditional productivity that we look at and have over many, many years and technology is a huge part of that so we’re streamlining, streamlining to align with our core network, our network of tomorrow. And so when I think about that type of technology or that type of productivity. I see next year looking a little bit more normalized in terms of run-rate around offsetting inflation around $150 million. But we don't put any upper limits on productivity. We are going to address and bring in everything we possibly can. And I think particularly technology lever is an exciting one for us both in terms of mobility and utilizing machine vision. And then other areas around predictive analytics to help us be more liable with our assets. So I think you'll see us we pulled a lot forward into this year, which is part of what you're pulling on. I think we'll see a more normal year next year, but we are not leaving anything on the table.
Cindy Sanborn: That’s a reasonable number to look at based on the investments we're going to make coming to provision.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah as far as Hurricane Matthew, I think both from a preparation and recovery, our employees have done an outstanding job managing through a storm that was highly impactful in terms of the amount of territory that was affected. And so as of this morning, we are open on our core route on 995 albeit with the use of generators to provide power to our assets that require electricity crossings, and signalling systems with generators. And commercial power still not back we'll still be nursing those generators until we can get commercial power back. But opening that route is very, very important to us, it's part of triangle of core operations. We do have yet still some branch lines that are out. So unable to serve those customers as of this point, but we see good equipment availability and energy around getting those routes restored as well. And I think our impacts are going to be some will be capital, some will be operating expense. And then within that operating expense we'll see some cycle time impacts from the storm. But truthfully I am extremely pleased with where we are considering, where the hurricane affected us and how quickly we've been able to come back.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah specifically in and around Lumberton North Carolina, we still have our railroad under several feet of water. And it's going to be days before those flood waters recede and obviously is affecting the community as well. And restoring service in all of these areas we feel like helps the communities recover as we bring in supply. So there is still quite a bit of work to do.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, Ken. So I would say that we are making investments I've been talking the last couple of quarters about our route from Nashville to Cincinnati that we were investing in this year, that that would be in service as if the third quarter. So it is in service and we have seen some good improvement in link there. We were restricted to based on sidings to about 6,500 feet on that corridor. So it's that type of investment that we will continue across there about 12,000 feet. So moving forward, we have identified locations to continue those types of investments. But as you relieve the pressure on the corridor that we just did, then you now find that you're meeting up against some other impacts on other corridor. So that's where we'll be looking and are looking in the process of assessing and or building to continue to improving train length.
Cindy Sanborn: So I think as I said before we had a pretty extraordinary year this year, which you’re referring to which is part of our views on how our business mix has changed with a less reliance upon coal. And so there are some structural takeout that we put in place that can’t repeat because it is structural around the coal markets. But going forward we have lapsed for this year some of our train link initiatives. But as I mentioned in the last question we see opportunities going forward, we see productivity available to us that we traditionally have around streamlining again around our core network, which is part of our network of tomorrow. But I think run rate wise looking into 2017 it would be more of a $150 million offsetting inflation kind of number to face off of after having such a strong year this year. But we don’t stop thinking about ways to improve our efficiencies we understand that as our business mix changes, have to make our merchandise and intermodal our service products more profitable and from a cost -- and the operating department has a huge lever we have to pull on the cost side to make that happen. So we’re going to continue to look for those opportunities and drive it forward and I will say adding to that that we also are going to serve our customers effectively to provide a very good service for them that allows Fredrik to grow the business and price the business.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah I should add we do see capability of adding growth in pretty much any market without adding cost back one for one. So we do see great leverage there.
Cindy Sanborn: I mean, I think there is no -- everything on the table has been for as long as I've worked here. And we are continuing to make sure that there is any opportunity we have we're going to take advantage of. So I think to your point it may seem not as strong as this year, but our objectives are to not just look at 2017 by itself, but also continuing into the future and drive operating margins on the cost side. And we're coming off a strong year. We think we can offset inflation next year, but we are not going to leave any opportunity out there on the cost side.
Cindy Sanborn: Well I think we are going to serve our coal customers well. And that is Fredrick and I work and our teams work on that to make sure that we are available and capable of providing service to our coal customers. As things changed within the coal field even more than they already have, we will take the steps that we need to take to structurally change along with those changes. So we are prepared to continue to look there, but it's a profitable business for us and we intend to stay in that business where the customers are for as long as they are there.
Cindy Sanborn: Hi, Cherilyn thanks. I think one of the better examples would be our longer train initiatives so looking at density of trains and being able to operate the same number of cars with in fewer chunks. I think we also are utilizing technology to help us as well and being able to automate processes. So those are probably two of the bigger examples I could give you.
Cindy Sanborn: Yeah, I don't think there is anything specific that would cause you to want to put different values and for the different quarters. It will be pretty much across the board even.
Frank Lonegro: Hey, Danny it's Frank. We try to do this some insight into Q4 on a reported against a reported basis, so flat to slightly down to try to give you a sense of some normal seasonality in the business quarter-over-quarter, as well as perhaps a little bit of conservatism around what the impacts of the hurricane are ultimately going to be. So we try to give you some clarity there. And I think what you're going to continue to see us do, as Cindy mentioned is continue to focus on a great service product and the productivity as well as strong pricing for the value of the service we provide. So the thesis will remain the same going forward. So I think we will try to give you some sense of where we'll end up the quarter and obviously that gives you some implication for the year and thinking about next year as well.
Frank Lonegro: Right so really three parts there I'll tackle the financial piece of the hurricane and kick it over to Cindy and let her talk about the hurricane impacts and then obviously Fredrick on the intermodal side. We're still early in the process of understanding the impact of the hurricane. Cindy will talk about where we are operationally. We do have something modelled in there, but it's really just an early estimate until we get everything back up and running. And we do the tally and we really don't have a good number for you this morning. We'll be out in early November and we'll certainly have all of the things tied up by then and we'll give you sense of the impact then. But let me let Cindy talk about the operational piece.
Frank Lonegro: And Ken one other thing on CapEx, what Cindy is referring to is absolutely what we're going to do going forward it's a reallocation of capital within that longer term guidance that we've spoken about previously. So as you go into 2017 the things that are strategically aligned in terms of the network of the tomorrow highly automated railroads, service excellence, et cetera. Those are going to be within the compliance of the normal capital process. And as you size that next year I wouldn't think of that as being incremental investment versus reallocated investment within that portfolio.
Frank Lonegro: Sure, hey Chris, Frank. So, on the 2.7, that is what we call our managed capital number, as part of that you’ll have two things in there, you’ll have the $300 million that we pulled forward from the seller financing of next year into this year and paying off locomotives as delivered. The other piece which will show up in other financing activities so not in the property additions line will be $300 million for paying off engines that we took delivery of last year. So, your 2.7 is again, we’re trying to be very transparent with you in terms of the capital dollars that we’re spending this year, although you do have some geography differences on the cash flow statement. In terms of 2017, when you think about where we are, we are looking very hard at infrastructure and equipment given the environment that we’re in and given the network of tomorrow strategy that we have. What we have been talking about is normalized five or ten year view in retrospect for CapEx we generally spend somewhere between 12% and 15% of that capital portfolio on return seeking investments. But we’re looking forward to doing on a going forward basis is to increase that allocation to more like 20% or 25% of the capital portfolio. So, not looking to necessarily increase capital based on the strategy, really looking to reallocate to make sure that we’re focused on the things that are going to drive the value in the future.
Frank Lonegro: Sure. It’s part of the balanced deployment of capital certainly the primary focus of capital is going to be to reinvest in the business for a reliable railroad in accretive type investments. Secondarily would be the dividend piece and obviously we are looking hard at that since we took a break this year on the dividend, but we’re going to look hard at that next year. And then looking at where we are on operating cash flow next year and sizing buyback program that generally we talk to you about in the end of the first quarter of the given year. So, I think that order is important for the investors to keep in mind, and realizing that the environment that we are in now is perhaps quite a bit different than the environment that we were in 2015 when we increased the dividend by $0.02 and announced the two year $2 billion program that will complete by April of next year.
Frank Lonegro: When you look at what we’ve done on the cost side, certainly that sets up incremental margins that are probably better than what they have been historically, but as I’ve alluded to in the answer to the earlier question it really depends on how the business comes back. If it comes back in areas where you’re adding a box car on to an existing train, an intermodal container on to an existing train, an auto rack on to an existing train that’s really where you’re going to get the incremental margins and the operating leverage that you’re referring to if it’s something that’s on the box side of the business, which is going to be a new train start. The incremental margins are going to essentially be what the absolute margins are in that business by and large. So, I do think we’ve set ourselves up for a good run as the economic improves and as volumes comes back especially on the class side of the business.
Frank Lonegro: Yeah, there is a few things on the sequential side to think through given that we have got some incremental bulk business on the export side, the grain side and the automotive side; we have got additional engines in freight cars in the mix relative to third quarter. So, clearly that’s going to impact MS&O line on the materials and supply side. We are expecting normal seasonality in terms of normal winter, we didn’t see necessarily as much of that last year, but we’re expecting this year just given what we understand the winter to hold, there is a normal seasonal shift between the third quarter and the fourth quarter as we stop the construction season as it gets too cold and too icy to work up North. So we do have that and then there’s normally on the technology side as annual hardware software maintenance contracts come due so we have that just in terms of seasonality. And then we’re usually a little less fuel efficient as we get into the fourth quarter and we’re going to pull on everything as you’ve seen us do already this year, but as we set up a more normal fourth quarter that’s how we see it going. The other thing to think through is a lot of the hurricane side expenses to the extent that hit the OpEx line are going to hit here. So we got a little bit of piece in there. And then when you look at the productivity as we’ve targeted about $400 million it implies about a $60 million run rate for the quarter and that’s a little less than what we have seen in the third quarter. So you add all that up and it’s going to be about flat on a year-over-year basis.
Frank Lonegro: And make sure just in terms of sort of raw orders of magnitude the 3,900 or so positions that we were down year-over-year, the majority of those and this is both the efficiency side as well as the volume variable side come out of the train and engine mechanical and the op support side of the business, but engineering, intermodal, G&A are also down year-over-year I mean we are down across the board in terms of resources on a year-over-year basis. And I think you are going to continue with perhaps the exception of technology as we really go into the highly automated railroad part of our strategy, I mean pretty much every group is trying to be as lean as they can.
Frank Lonegro: Yeah I think with the expenses that we have taken out in the scheduled network and sort of across the board that obviously sets us up for incremental margins that are healthy and perhaps a little bit better than they have been in the past. So, yes, this is the answer to the question.
Frank Lonegro: I think you are flat on volume and don’t have any mix impacts associated with it, it’s really going to be what we’ve been able to do in the past which is we’ll continue to offset inflation with productivity, we’ll continue to have value pricing that will fall to the bottom-line and the combination of those two things. We’ll provide margin expansion on a year-over-year in the environment that you mentioned.
Frank Lonegro: Yeah I think on the inflation side we have been in a little bit of a muted environment here in the last couple of years. When you start thinking about the inflation more broadly, as well as GDP and IDP potentially going up there could be a little bit of a pressure on the upside, there is a little bit of nuance in the second half of the year before they were infringe inflation that you’re picking up on which is wage accruals that came up starting in the middle of the year. So there’s that in there rather than a sort of a core external inflation run rate that’s out there. But I think what you’re hearing from us is regardless of what inflation is we’re going to do our level best to more than offset that with productivity. So I think having something in that 150, 175 range for inflation next year is probably a good start in place and we’ll offset that with productivity.
Fredrik Eliasson: And then in terms of the intermodal question we are continuing to get some price in intermodal obviously not as much as we have in the past because of the excess capacity that's out in the marketplace that is offset by what we're seeing on a fuel side. But we are also seeing some positive mix in the portfolio. Part of that is some of the short haul business that has shifted over. So overall we're pretty pleased with the performance we’ve seen from an RPU perspective in intermodal business.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure so in terms of overall same store sale pricing we're obviously very transparent. What we're doing there each and every quarter you'll have an opportunity to see that in the fourth quarter. There is clearly more difficult sale environment and it's been there for a period of time as we see a significant amount of excess capacity. Our focus continues to be to price the value that we provide our customer to be able to continue to reinvest. We have an improved service product year-over-year that is very helpful. And what we are trying to do is to sell through this trough so to speak and sale that kind of the long-term access to a network and the capacity that we have. Specifically to export coal, I think we've been very transparent over the last couple of year that as the market has gone tougher since 2012 we have been taking our prices down to obviously optimize our own portfolio, but also to help strategically with some of the producers. We do have the ability to touch those contracts on essentially quarterly basis or some of those are index. And so with the uptick and the benchmark that we've seen here which obviously gives us an opportunity to leverage that uptick which is good news.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure so clearly the hot summer has been helpful the cooling degree days has been very helpful especially in the South we’ve seen significant reduction in the inventory levels, I think in the South in terms of days burn we’re down to from 150 a year ago to somewhere around 100 now. And even in North we have come down a little bit, I would say though overall that they’re probably still slightly above where they would like for them to be, in certain places they are less, certain places they are more, but they’re probably still a little bit above where they would like it for them to be. But it is good news that we’re starting to see that and also to your point about natural gas prices they have come up a little bit, that’s also helpful. But generally though we do need to see those natural gas prices closer to 350 or above to make really meaningful impact and we’re excited where we’re heading we’ll have a much better view I think as we get into the fourth quarter and early next year in terms of what coal will do for 2017 not just on the domestic side, but also on the export side.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah I mean Brandon we're confident in our ability to get to the mid-60s operating ratio. The timing of that is going to depend on the rate of decline in coal obviously. But continuing to focus on value pricing for the service product that we provide to our customers continuing to have productivity offset inflation. I mean you do get margin expansion by doing that year-over-year.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure this is Fredrick, so what we're seeing and have been seeing is a continued shift towards more East Coast internationally intermodal coming in versus West Coast. And as a result the ports are clearly making investment not just Savannah, but other ports as well. And we are as well to make sure we can serve that. And that is attractive business that we want to get more of. And as we see additional investments come online we'll have an opportunity. In the Savannah case we certainly have grown our business significantly there already. And we expect to continue to see that going forward. But that is true for the other ports as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure in terms of the inventory levels we use Pyra data so in the North we went from about 95 days of burn, at this time last year we’re down to 90 now and in the South 150 down to 102. So significant improvement, but as I said earlier still above what I would consider target level at this time of the year. But this target has obviously changed little bit more little more difficult these days because it depends on lot of where the utility is in the dispatch order, et cetera. To your question about met obviously it’s come down significantly and I don’t have a number that I think we’ve shared before, but it is a significant adjustment and you’ve seen that play out in our RPU line since really since 2012. And as we now sit here and we’ve seen the benchmark go up to 200 from 90 to 50 I think it was in the third quarter that is an opportunity for us to leverage. And our contract have evolved overtime to be essentially quarterly or based on an index that is tied to the benchmark.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well as I said in the past we have used the targeted days burn somewhere around 55 in the North, 70 in the South. However I do think that I could be a little bit misleading these days because of the fact that utilities are situated very differently in terms of where they are in the dispatch order. It was easier to give those target levels in the past when you were the base load. Now it varies really by utility-by-utility, but the good news is we made significant in-roads especially in the South and we’re getting closer to a more normalized level and there are utilities and we’ve seen this year over the last three months that clearly are below where they want to be, but we still have several utilities that are significantly above.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah so if you look at where we were here this quarter we had about 58% of our business either came from Illinois Basin or Powder River Basis. We saw a pretty significant shift towards Illinois basin within that number. And we have said publically that when it is 350 or above that part of our portfolio so 58% of portfolio is essentially in the money. And that will allow for a significant increased utilization of those plants. Now there is a lot of other factors that plays into that. Clearly whether the plants are located makes a big difference. As you all know that the natural gas prices are 350 is Henry Hub price. It is very different in certain parts of our service territory. But as a general rule I still think that holds pretty well in terms of indication over the plants that we serve become more competitive.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure, I mean it is clear that we've had a tough market for an extended period of time now in terms of excess capacity. And it does impact not just intermodal business, but certain markets within our merchandise business as well. Generally shorter haul also generally lower contributory traffic that are more susceptible to being switched over to truck. As the market turns and it will turn we see new orders of truck of Class A trucks have come down significantly 30% 40% year-over-year , year-to-date. We know ELDs will be coming in by sometime in the second half of next year. And if the economy continues to expand and unemployment stays low that should lead to a much better environment as we get into late ‘17 and that will be helpful. So our challenge to our team right now is to sell that improved service product that we have sell through this kind of trough and sell the long-term access to our network that allows us to continue to reinvest in our business.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I think absolutely. I think that if you look at long period of time if you take out the coal business you just look at the correlation between IDP in our merchandise business it has correlated pretty well where they probably with a slightly underperformed IDP over an extended period of time several decades. As I think about 2017, right now and obviously we are in the middle of our planning season and getting a lot of feedback for our customer, if you take out our coal business and also the crude-by-rail business which is energy related, if you take that out and we look at the rest of the portfolio our merchandise and our intermodal business we feel pretty good about what the portfolio can do here after a very tough period of time. And then we have pretty good confident that based on the economic indicators we’re seeing right now based on the feedback from the customer that we can return to more normalized growth environment next year in our non-energy businesses. We will have a much better sense of the energy businesses as we get through the fourth quarter, but we are encouraged by what we are seeing in terms of our initial planning assumptions right now.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure, so, obviously auto has been at a pretty high level here this year in terms of production I think the latest estimate that I've seen is about 79 in terms of production. We're more closely tied to production and the sales. And next year the latest estimate that I have is a slight increase to about 18 million vehicles and so that's helpful. We have onboard some new customers this year that has helped. And the contribution of that traffic is very attractive. And it has been great journey for the automotive market overall coming out of recession. But it is probably fair to say that at the moment it looks like we're hitting that high watermark so to speak. We don’t see necessarily coming down significantly from that. We think we're going to move more inline what we're currently seeing. But obviously we're being nimble there as well and to adjust our resource level whether it's up or down. But right now the best estimate is for relatively flat environment for 2017.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well I guess the only directional comment that I would say is that it looks like by the end of this year over a five year period we would have lost about $2 billion of coal revenue. And this year alone probably in excess of $0.5 billion. So based on what we're seeing right now, we think next year's decline will be significantly less than that. But beyond that, I really do think I want to stick with what I said earlier which is that we'll have update for you when we do the fourth quarter earnings call both on a domestic side and on the export side. Because I think I think we'll be in a much better position as we are in the process of gathering our information from the utilities the 40 to 50 utilities that we serve. And I think that's the best way to give you guidance is to take the input that we get from them. So that it's a lot more accurate than trying to speculate at this point.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I think that's probably directional what I'm trying to say. I think that clearly the fact that natural gas prices are come up is helpful, it is still not at 350. Inventory levels are still above what they should be. And we only have about 1 million tons or so that probably will come out next year in terms of plant closure. So that number is getting a lot smaller. But nevertheless I think as we look at the crystal ball right now, that is probably a safe place to be. But as I said a cold winter natural gas prices move up above the 350 mark. And that picture can change very rapidly.
Fredrik Eliasson: We've historically given you the breakdown in the two categories that we have merchandise and intermodal combined in all end. I think we'll stay at that level. Pricing is a critical part for us in order to continue to reinvest in the business and especially in the intermodal since we put so much of our incremental capital towards intermodal. So being able to have the traffic at contributory levels we continue to push prices is a critical part of that strategy. And we are getting positive price exactly where it is. I think we'll keep those buckets that we have in place today.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure, so this is Fredrik again. We have seen the shift for an extended period of time, that we see more of our international cargo coming in on the East Coast porch. We have not seen a significant change in the amount of volume coming in since the Panama Canal got widened. What we are seeing that there are some bigger vessels coming in, but generally it is not necessarily adding capacity. They are reconfiguring the strengths, there are fewer vessels and we’re also seeing some realignment with vessels that before came through the Suez Canal that is now coming through the Panama Canal instead. But we are -- so there’s not significant change, but the pattern has been there for a long time and we do expect that pattern to continue that we will be more and more of that volume come through the East Coast porch.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, I mean it really is supply and demand picture so if you have ELDs and other regulatory constraints put pressure on the supply side clearly additional growth in economy is also helpful. And if you remove one or two of those it’s going to prolong the period where we see this excess capacity. So we’re obviously following this very closely and hoping for an economy that picks up more than we currently expect that could be very helpful both in terms of our volume initiatives, but also in terms of pricing.
