Jim Foote: Great, Kevin. Thanks a lot. Concluding with slide 15, we entered the year projecting volume growth in excess of GDP and still expect to achieve this target. We will continue to attract demand throughout the year and based on the combination of the strengthening economic outlook and our focus on converting additional volumes off the highway, we now expect to achieve double-digit full year revenue growth. We will drive incremental operating leverage by efficiently absorbing this growth, and we'll diligently monitor our train plan to address resources as needed to provide our customers with high-quality service. Our entire company is aligned to capture this growth opportunity. And as always, our focus is first and foremost on our customers and finding creative ways to help customers meet their own growth targets this year. Now, is the time to capitalize all the work we have done to transform our network. Thank you. And now I'll turn it back to Bill for questions. And as you may have noted, Mark is unable to join the call again today. He continues to deal with a non-COVID personal health issue, but remains engaged in the business. The rest of the team will do the best to answer any marketing questions you may have.
Jim Foote: In the intermodal area, as I said, we are back to our best industry-leading performance, I think, in terms of intermodal, in terms of our velocity is already up, but again what we look at very closely is the trip plan compliance number, which takes everything into consideration. It doesn't do any good if you get to train across at a super high speed and then it sits at the terminal and can't get yard and you can't get the box off and the customer doesn't get it when he needs it. So, everything has to come together, and that's what's reflected in this trip plan number. And in intermodal, there's zero cushion. It's not like, yes, we met the trip plan, but give or take a couple of hours. In intermodal, it’s zero time. So, we're back into the 90, 90-plus on-time performance in our trip plans in intermodal today, which is we were doing a little bit better than that a year ago in January, late the year before. And I expect that number to continue to creep up quickly in the second quarter if we catch a break and don't have some other kind of crazy weather events or something else. And then in the carload business, where -- again, our numbers are in this kind of mid-60% on-time -- the trip plan performance range, and that relates to about 30% a couple of years ago. And we want to get that number back into the mid-80% range where it was, and my challenge there is to Jamie is to get it done sooner than later. I'd like to see our velocity and dwell numbers get back to where they were kind of by the end of the second quarter, if possible. And then the trip plan numbers will start to come together as the year progresses. That puts the operating guys under a lot of pressure and -- but again, we're just getting back to where we are because once we're back to where we were, we're going to get better from there.
Jim Foote: Well, we've certainly looked at -- thanks, Tom. We certainly had an opportunity now over the, my guess is the last month or whatever it's been to kind of have a understanding of the CP proposal. We've had a manner of hours to absorb the CN proposal. And other than what we've, kind of, filed with the regulator concern -- expressing our thoughts on the -- so far, just on the procedural aspects of the CP transaction. I'm going to have to reserve comment about what I think in particular to either one of those transactions, until I had a time to see what they put forth and see what we think the impacts of whatever they put forth to the regulator in terms of why they think their transaction is a good deal. You've known me for a long time, Tom, I've been around this industry forever now. It seems like and started out in the days when the industry was, some would say, collapsed, if not near bankruptcy facing the prospects of nationalization. And over that period of time, since deregulation, the industry has transformed itself back into a strong vibrant industry, and most of that would be associated or attributed to the consolidations that have happened and the efficiencies that have come from that and the dramatic reinvestment and service improvement that has come to the industry as a result of those consolidations, all of which were approved by regulators to make sure that they were in the public interest and good for the customers. So, I have a view of what I think is -- if it's good for the customer, if it improves the quality of service for the customer, and it's in the public interest, I'm clearly say, hey, let's take a look at it and figure out what it all means. But in all circumstances, the devil is in the details of any transaction. And so until I get an opportunity to review any proposals, but I just have to reserve comment on the transactions themselves.
Jim Foote: As I said, I think it's been a tremendous benefit to the shipping community, what's taken place to transform the North American rail network.
Jim Foote: No, I can't speculate on what's going to happen 10 or 15 years. I'm trying to figure out what happened 10 or 15 hours ago. So, as I said, there's been -- I think that, in my opinion, it has been the transformation of the North American rail network into what it is today has been a positive for the shipping community. And I think that's the key thing that the regulators look at, and I'm sure the regulators are going to do another thorough review of this transaction and see what happens.
Jim Foote: Well, certainly, there's an ongoing dialogue right now about the merits of end-to-end transactions. And historically speaking, railroad consolidations that were viewed as end-to-end and didn't reduce competition, or did not reduce optionality to the shipping community were viewed as -- viewed favorably. And I don't know that there has been any change in philosophy on that point. So like I said, we'll all see how this begins to play out. We're in the early stages as everyone keeps being reminded of a long process, in some cases, maybe a month, and in some cases hours. So we'll see how it unfolds. But again, the overreaching, overriding principles, I think, are applicable today.
Jim Foote: Well, yes, in the intermodal business, yes, I mean we're setting records in terms of our volumes. And this is -- that's after a couple of years earlier of reengineering the intermodal network, and which positioned us to be a bigger participant in this transformation to the e-commerce business model that so many people are adopting. So because we fixed the railroad, because we improved the service and because we've done all these things, we're able to participate in this where I don't think we would have been able to do that so effectively in the past and it shows in our numbers. And I don't see that changing. If people want to move more boxes and buy more things online, we want to be more and more and more involved in that supply chain. And we'll continue to work in that area to the best that we can. The other area where we’re constantly focusing on truck conversions is in the merchandise side of the business. And that's taking metals and plastics and steel and cardboard and you name it, that today, we move in a boxcar, and the same shipper and the same plant in many circumstances is load and truck out the other side of their production facility. And that just takes us more and more time of getting involved, working with the customer. And we continue to see -- we continue to win business in those areas. And again, that's because our service equivalent to what they're getting in a truck. And so we have to get back to where we were in terms of -- and that's reliability is trip plan compliance. We have to get back to where we were and then get even better. And the better we get in that area and the more focused we are and that will continue to grow that -- those conversion opportunities as well.
Jim Foote: Conversations in those areas are, yes. We're becoming more and more relevant in the supply chain. We're becoming recognized as being more reliable. And a lot of other factors are aligning as well is bigger -- our bigger customers want to do more and more things to become more environmentally friendly, we can help them with the reduction in our carbon footprint, so ESG plays in our favor, fuel efficiency plays in our favor. All of this, our willingness to do things differently than the way we have done it in the past are -- we're showing good results.
Jim Foote: Well, maybe to one -- in one -- it started with the proposed CN/BN merger. And I just happen to be sitting in the room when it was put on hold and a moratorium was put in place and all these rules fell into place. So, I have some sort of knowledge about how and why those rules were changed. And at that point in time, the ruling body felt that the -- an acquisition of the KCS didn't merit some speculative array of new ideas before they would approve it. And the regulatory body has had 20-some-years to change the rules that they wanted to change the rules and they didn’t. So along comes a transaction and I kind of view the law is the law. And that's what we said. We don't see any circumstances that would merit a change from what was decided back in the day for the reasons it was decided.
Jim Foote: Well, yes, you can answer the question in a different way, but you're going to get the same answer. As I said to the extent that the rail networks work together and however you go about that in creating a better product for the customer. And then mergers eliminate the bottleneck in between that it speeds things up and makes the service product a lot better and more truck like. But that's not my job, that's my opinion. It's not my job to rule upon the merits of any transaction based upon the facts, and I'm sure the regulator will do a very thorough analysis and determine, again, as I said before, whether or not -- it's not anticompetitive and it's in the public interest.
Jim Foote: Yes. Normally, one person in -- one person who is managing the supply chain the conveyor belt is better than having a one conveyor belt and having somebody take it off the conveyor belt and put the box onto the next conveyor belt for somebody else to run it. Normally, that seamlessness results in a smoother supply chain. And again, like I said, that's my opinion. But then somebody else has to look at it and say, Dave think it's a good idea.
Jim Foote: Well, I think it's a number of factors. Again, in January, when we were trying to take a view out for the next 12 months, I said that it was difficult to predict. And that my crystal ball was a little fuzzy, trying to determine about at that point in time, COVID cases were out of control. At that point in time, there was just a speculation about what was going to happen with the chip shortages. And so then -- and a number of people were forecasting GDP growth of X, Y and Z. Was there going to be a stimulus package? Was there not going to be a stimulus package? Was there going to be an infrastructure bill? Was there not going to be an infrastructure bill? And then you added into my crystal ball effect that it turned into more of a snow globe in February. Well, some of that smoke has cleared and people have taken their -- most people have taken their forecasts for growth this year up. And we're starting to now see it, feel it, have conversations with real-life customers about what they think is going to happen for the second half of the year. So that's what I what I mean by having more clarity in terms of trying to me tell the management team here at CSX, how to plan forecast and how we're going to run the business for the rest of the year.
Jim Foote: Well, again, let's focus on the intermodal side of the business. In 2017, we took off -- we demarketed about 8% of the intermodal business. In 2018, we demarketed about another 8% of the intermodal business. We then went into an industrial recession in a global pandemic. And throughout all of that, we're now producing phenomenal record volume levels for CSX. So not sure what you missed. On the merchandise side of the business, we're doing a really good job there. As I said, we're starting to convert business from the highway, which involves really no financial investment. It involves an investment on our part to make a commitment to the customer that we're going to provide them with truck-like reliable service, which we're now doing. And we're converting this. So I'm very -- obviously, I'd like to turn around 50 years of decline in the railroad industry in a couple of weeks and spending a couple of billion dollars, but I don't think that's possible.
Jim Foote: Well, 20% would have been kind of like on a terminal specific basis, really on the western side of the railroad where we had kind of a cluster. Clearly, we don't have 20% of our workforce off sick. I think the number of employees who have contracted the virus is so far -- is around 13%. I think that's the right number. Yes, around 3%. Clearly, we had a spike. We had a peak just like everybody sells in the US coming out of Christmas. They gradually declined. Kind of going into March, the numbers were really, really low. I was feeling really, really optimistic. Everybody here in Jacksonville got their shots. And now the cases are spiking back up just like they are every place else. So, we're watching it. But again, it's a much -- in total of the workforce, it's kind of around the national average. We're a good indicator of -- we're at or slightly below the average -- national average for infection rates, which I think is fantastic when you think that all of our employees are out there and have been out there since the very beginning of all of this, ended January 2020 working -- going to work every single day. And we have less than the national average of infection rate, that's phenomenal work by our employees of taking care of themselves and their coworkers.
Jim Foote: Well, I think that what's different, first of all, is a mindset, a common focus amongst all of the railroads in North America in terms of wanting to move our customers' products more efficiently, effectively and then adjusting your workforce, so that it thinks differently, is more nimble, it's responsive to customer needs and wants to grow the business. So, I think, we have changed to a large degree, one positive that comes out of adopting a different business model is a completely different mindset amongst your workforce. We've got a long ways to go there. But -- and we're not afraid to how do we make sure that we don't get ourselves in a situation where we can't handle peaks in shipping volume. We were talking about at the end of last year, four months ago about hiring, because we want to make sure we're in a position to run our -- move our customers' freight in June, July and August. Nobody -- no other railroad guy would even talk like that before. They would, oh, God, we're not going to hire. We've got to lay off people. Things are bad. We got to lay off more people. We got to cut the workforce. We've got to do -- we’ve got a furlough. We've got to park locomotives. Well, then the business would have surged back, and you wouldn't have been able to handle it. So, I think, we do a better job now as an industry of trying to look out in the future to make sure that we're in a position to be able to handle the peaks and valleys. I mean, think about what we went through in the last year. Just take the auto business as an example. Forecasted car sales are going to be very, very strong. We're going into January. Three months later, I looked on the morning report about how much auto traffic we were moving in, it was zero. And then we thought, well, this will never start back up. This is going to be a very slow startup. How are we going to handle this? And the next thing we know, we get a call saying all the manufacturers are going back to restart their plants three shifts a day. We were able to move, respond and be able to serve that customer segment in a manner that had very, very little disruption. We all geared up into January of this year figuring, all right, it's going to be another great year. And then guess what? All the plants are shut down again, because they can't get a computer chip. So throughout the peaks and valleys, we've been able to move and be nimble and take care of that very, very important customer base for us. And it's no different than take one of our very, very important intermodal customers that ship in boxes for the peak season. Well, the peak season started about three months earlier than peak season and then never stopped. So we've been there. Our terminals have been open now 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, moving as much as we can, record volumes. And so, we think differently and we respond differently.
Jim Foote: Well, that's a very good question. In terms of what it is that CSX has controlled over, I would say very little. We have train capacity. We have a very good service product. Our terminals are fluid. We can handle more volume and we can do that. In terms of the environment in which we're trying to be able to do all these things, there's not an area that I can look at. It's not in disruption or is a mess, whether its steamships backed up at the ports, West Coast, East Coast, sideways and the Suez, whether there's driver shortages, whether there's chassis shortages, whether there's box shortages. The entire global supply chain is stressed that I think everybody in the industry in all of the railroad at all of our major channel partners are doing an amazing job of trying to keep up with things and meet the needs of the consuming public when you're seeing these big changes in buying and shipping habits.
Jim Foote: I think, again, I think we're doing -- I think we're doing a really good job. I think that the industry on a whole is clearly up, and that's despite, as I said, all of the supply chain being really under a lot of pressure in some absolutely horrible weather conditions across the continent in the middle the middle of a pandemic.
Jim Foote: Well, again, we're part we're part of a chain. We're a link in the chain. And it's easier to move. It's easier to move the chain when it's not kinked and there's no problems in it and everything is working smooth. So I think that all of us would be -- could move more. Listen, the port guys don't want to --they don’t want to put boxes on the ground, because they don’t have a chassis, because they don’t have a truck to dray it, because they can't -- the railroads are backed up, because the railroads don't want to deal with somebody putting the box on the ground because of this. We all would like things to be smoother, and we would all benefit from this. And I think that right now, if you added up all the pluses and minuses, rail versus truck, I think the rail comes out on top. People want to -- people will talk -- people start talking about autonomous trucks and that's the solution and how do we do this and how do we run more and how do we become more energy efficient and how do we do -- I say put it on the rail. We'll just take 200 of those trucks, and we'll take it across country with a crew of two, and save you 75% in terms of your emissions and your fuel spend. So we're there. We're ready. We're growing, like I said, we're setting records. And hopefully, we can get in the position where we just continue to set record after record after record after record. But it all takes -- we got the capacity. We have the ability. We just got to keep getting in there and fighting every single day to get as much freight as we possibly can.
Jim Foote: Thank you, everyone, for calling in today. I really appreciate your good questions and look forward to talking to you all soon. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Jamie Boychuk: Yes. No, absolutely. Ken, we're -- what we're seeing right now is, every week, as it stands, about 10 or 12 employees on the network that are qualifying as conductors, but we've really bumped up our classes. As Jim has mentioned, just over the past couple of months, we're training anywhere from 60 to 90 new conductors depending on the month, every two weeks, there's a new course, making sure that we follow all the protocol with those required within this COVID environment. And really, we're positioning the employees in areas where we need them. We still have furloughed employees around the company that aren't willing to leave the locations where they're at. And in our industry, when we hire somebody, you hire them for a certain location. You offer transfers, moves, temporary or permanent, but it's up to the employee to make those decisions. So we will continue to hire, as we said last quarter, 400, 500 folks here throughout the year. But really, we're going to hit that, I would say, as we enter into the second half. And we'll continue to hire if we see the business levels come to the point that we think they will, and we'll just keep adding those resources. So we've got a great position that really puts us in that spot where we're looking at growth.
Jamie Boychuk: Some of that's definitely related towards winter weather, though, in this quarter. It was a very difficult quarter, as Jim had mentioned here with the polar vortex and the rest of it. So, you're going to see those numbers come down.
Jamie Boychuk: Yes. In terms of the quarter, late in the quarter, we probably experienced a little bit more fuel surcharge lag than we were expecting late in that quarter. Also, probably a little bit of after effects of the weather kind of creeped into the last couple of weeks of March as well. And then finally, as we saw the prospects for additional volume acceleration in the back half and even into the second quarter, Jamie was proactive in pulling out assets to get ready for that volume. So we saw probably a little bit extra cost there, which we thought was the right thing to do given everything we're seeing out there. So that's probably the difference between what Jim talked about at the conference and what we ultimately saw this quarter. A lot of moving parts this quarter, obviously, with the impacts of the winter storms and then the revenue. Quite frankly after January, we were looking at a very, very good quarter. And then obviously, February hit us hard, and March was digging ourselves out of it. In terms of incremental margins, look, as we've said last quarter and the previous quarters, as we get volume growth and revenue growth, we anticipate dropping that through at a positive incremental margins. So it will matter the pace of growth that we see. And if we continue to beat our expectations, I would expect OR to continue to beat our current estimates as well. So it's somewhat dependent on the strength of the revenue growth this year, which we obviously expect some strong performance. And if it continues to get better, you'll see the leverage in the model as well.
Jamie Boychuk: Yes. I mean, look, we -- where we can, we'll run intermodal with freight together and then in other areas where intermodal continues to grow. I still have room on the tail end of intermodal trains. Very few of my intermodal trains, as it stands, are sold out. We have cars and storage that we're able to pull out, and we continue to pull out as we see the need. Growth has been very strong, as Jim has mentioned. And our terminals are in fantastic shape. Scott Marsh and his team that take care of the intermodal side of the business, have done an incredible job turning the assets when they arrive. And we continue -- fully expect to continue to see that productivity get better as we move forward.
Jamie Boychuk: Just one thing to add on that is, I think we're really proud of the team with respect to what Jim had mentioned. We stayed open 24/7 through the polar vortex and everything else that happened out there. We were one of the only rails that never shut any gates. We were there for our customers. We supplied the service that we said we would, and we expect to be able to do that as we continue to move forward.
Jamie Boychuk: And when you take a look at the driver shortage that's out there, a lot of the driver shortage is coming on the long-haul truckers. A lot of those truckers that like the long haul and wanted to move across the country, less and less of those are available. And when you look at drayage, when we bring it into town and we have someone who can dray it across town and go to bed every single night and be with their families, that seems to be the trend of what the new truck driver is out there, which again gives rail that advantage.
Kevin Boone: Hey, Ken, the only other thing I would add is, while we're going to add some employees that we saw over time at a quite high level in the first quarter, and we would expect that number to come down over time as a hiring, so largely offsetting some of the incremental costs there.
Kevin Boone: Yes. We're going to lap -- on the fuel surcharge, we'll lap that headwind this quarter. So we'll start -- we'll see that, kind of, tick away starting in the second quarter. We'll see some positive RPU growth, as you guys look at it, starting second quarter. Coal will be more favorable as we lap easier comps from last year, really across the group. I will say, we were looking at this yesterday, is pricing renewals are above our average price. So we are seeing some acceleration there, which is good and would be expected in a tight trucking environment. And we're really looking ahead to more inflation potentially. So those are discussions that we'll continue to have with the customer. But I would expect the pricing environment to improve.
Kevin Boone: Well, we gave a revenue number. I don't know if we're going to parse it down into specific volume. I think you can assume that both, when we move into the back half of the year, will be -- start to be positive and more positive, certainly, in the second half of the year when you think about RPUs, just based on some of the comps that we're lapping from prior year. So, clearly, second quarter volume will accelerate significantly, given the COVID impact. Third quarter, you're kind of lapping some COVID impact as well. In fourth quarter, we started to see some recovery, particularly in the intermodal business. So from a pace, I would expect, obviously, second quarter to be the highest growth quarter. Third quarter probably follows that and then in the fourth quarter, it's probably a little bit more up in the air. We'll see how much the economy continues to accelerate from here. But the easiest comp is the second quarter, second easiest is probably third quarter. And -- but we still expect second half growth to be pretty robust from where we see it today.
Kevin Boone: I mean, clearly, volume will be, just based on what we saw last year, will be the bigger component of our revenue growth for the year, this year.
Kevin Boone: Yes. I mean, first of all, as I was explaining before, I think the magnitude of the revenue growth is a factor here, right? The more revenue growth that we potentially project here, the better the incremental margins. That's just basic math on that side. So we are very positive on the outlook. Well, as the network improves, that will drop through. And I don't think anything has changed from what we saw in the first quarter, what we said for the full year in terms of our ability to convert revenue into margin -- into operating income. We're not going to probably get in the game of getting a point target because things are still fluid from a revenue perspective, another point or two in revenue growth above and beyond what we have expect today. We'll see more benefit to where we ultimately land on the OR, so..
Kevin Boone: Yes, that's exactly right. There's fixed cost inflation that you have to offset every year, particularly on the labor side. And then we're probably seeing -- although inflation remains low on the material side, seeing some signs of that ticking up as well. So, once you offset all of the inflation with further growth, then you'll see a more meaningful impact of the next point of growth above and beyond that -- 
