Michael Ward: Thank you, Fredrik. As we discussed this morning CSX experienced substantial demand across nearly our entire portfolio and delivered record financial results for the quarter. Going forward, we see a strong economic environment that is expected to continue and operations that are stable and expected to gradually improve with the actions we are taking. What's even more exciting is that in a reshaped energy environment and with intermodal and merchandise an ever growing part of our portfolio, the core earnings strength of this company is apparent and attractive. To those reasons we continue to expect double-digit earnings growth and margin expansion beginning in 2015. Now we'll be glad to take your questions.
Michael Ward: Good morning, John.John Larkin – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen and thanks for taking my question. I had a question related to the surge in volume on the northern part of the network and how much of that was originating and terminating on CSX and how much of that is being delivered to you, or you are delivering to the Western railroads, where you’ve had perhaps even more congestion promise, particularly the BNSF.
Michael Ward: Yeah, this is Michael. I think you are quite right. We've heard as well. We've not seen the proposals, nobody really has yet, but we have heard as you have that 30 miles an hour is one of the options are considering. We think that would be -- severely limit our ability to provide reliable freight service to our customers and to support the timely passengers add communal service. So there is all kinds of corollary impacts of this and I would hope as we look at this with the federal government, we can show them the modeling of how disastrous that could be to the entire fluidity of the U.S. rail system as well as the adverse impact that will have as trucks deliver on to the highway system. So our view is that it would be very bad, but our view is also that cooler heads will prevail when they see the facts behind it.
Michael Ward: Actually we are quite excited about the potential for the new car design as well as the retrofits to the existing cars and I know that is part of the proposed rule making. As you know, as a router, we've done a number of things to improve our already very good safety records to make it even more safe and we think the next big movement to make it even better is for a stronger car or new builds as well as retrofit to existing cars.
Michael Ward: Let me try a little bit and so if we just look at our domestic portfolio Jeff, so if I had to say, in general are those rates heading up where the answer is yes. So on the two thirds it's not on its variable, those rates are moving up. On the one third that is fixed variable, the base there is a minimum and a maximum, that base is moving up of where they are in that range can have a fairly significant impact on overall RPU and coal. So all that has an upper bias, but the fixed variable make it confusing where they are in that scale that's allowed in the contract.
Michael Ward: Good morning, Jason.Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: Good morning, guys. Real quickly, when you think about sort of the impacts of the service levels, obviously you talked about on the cost side, do you think you left any money on the table on the intermodal product in terms of your ability to take prices up, especially on the tighter curve market.
Michael Ward: Well, I tell our team that we are always leaving money on the table. So I mean I don't know what you want me to say, yes.Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: Okay. That's fair enough. And…
Michael Ward: In terms of really the locomotives, I think you are referring to predominantly?Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: Locomotives and even in terms of headcount, how should we start thinking about that because some of them seems like you're just trying to extend some people and put off their retirements a little bit.
Michael Ward: Well everyone, thank you for your attention. We'll see you next quarter. Operator This concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation in today’s call. You may now disconnect your line.
Oscar Munoz: Yes Rob, this is Oscar. I think all you say is generally correct. I just would re-highlight what we talked about before is we do have a lot of plans to add to resources and are in constant communication with our customers across all areas. Now assuming our demand remains as strong as we expect, which we do, the recovery will be gradual as we work through the challenges especially across the north. I can't provide a specific timeframe at this point for a lot of different reasons, but the recovery will not be necessarily linear. And so that said, as you’ve seen in this quarter, even with this additional operating cost that we're seeing, our incremental margins are improving. So there is a lot of value and good things to look forward to.
Oscar Munoz: Yes Ken, as you might expect, we have pretty much pulled out every playbook and every plan in the playbook over the course of time. Service performance has such a large interrelated issues that we talk a lot about power and talk a lot about crews, but infrastructure is important in some of this growth in the Northern tier has caused a little bit of congestion. We feel very confident in our process and we do have a really good playbook and feel really it is -- we are focusing on service and safety keeping in constant contact with our customers and getting this business moved. It's costing us a little bit and that cost will decline, but there is in a whole lot else to be done than what we've already outlined as doing.Ken Hoexter – Bank of America: Appreciate the time, thanks.
Oscar Munoz: Yeah, I think we've already bifurcated the volume oriented cost in that $30 million unfortunately is all related to sort of service impacts. I break that out between crew, cost, leased horsepower hours and the car hire that we're having to work through in those categories and that's roughly ran us above $10 million a month kind of split between the three components.
Oscar Munoz: Our plan is to decelerate. I am not sure how you are using that term. Our hope would be to reduce that cost as the additional crews and power come on.
Oscar Munoz: Now the numbers you’ve been seeing in the last couple of weeks represent year-over-year comparison and July, which is normally a very down time of the year for us and fortunately has been a very positive time of the year for us. So that's a reason that you're seeing the numbers that you’ve seen in the last two weeks, but I think Fredrik's number of 6% to 7% going forward for the back half of the year is pretty strong.
Oscar Munoz: The main factor was that the Transcon part of that door-to-door business is what declined and it carries a very high RPU. The Eastern core part of that business remained reasonably robust just as it requires higher RPU, as does Transcon.
Oscar Munoz: Absolutely and we are in active communication and conversations with almost every other carrier to do exactly that and we have some great options around that, that I think make sense both from a service perspective and also frankly economically as we see longer term growth coming through that same corridor.John Larkin – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Got it. Thanks very much.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I think overall I think right now what we are seeing here over the last month or so, is in that mid single digit range that we're seeing volume growth. So I think that's probably good place to start.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. So about half of it is related to rolling stock that we think we will be able to put in revenue generation next year and about half of it is in infrastructure around the northern tier of our network and obviously as we put that into effect throughout the fall, that should generate incremental fluidity in that part of our network.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, this is Fredrik. I think the key thing for us that we follow is the spread between our cash and our pricing and so as Clarence indicated, we think that the pricing environment is favorable, is getting more favorable we are going to push price, but it's a spread that is the most important part of this thing and it is assumed that we will get inflation plus pricing as we think about next year and double-digit earnings growth.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yeah, obviously you're right. Volume environments look different and the mix of business is different, but the outcome in 2011 was positive as we added the resource, we got the fluidity back in at work and we got to a better place and that's essentially what we're trying to do here as well. In terms of the incremental margins, we said longer term, we need to be in that 50% and above range and we expect that that will continue. We'll see here in the second half especially in the third quarter as we're cycling the liquidated damages and continue to have network performance rated cost. It might not get all the way there, but longer term, our view is we should clearly especially in this sort of a robust environment being over 50% in terms of incremental margins.
Fredrik Eliasson: The guidance we've given is that going forward we think it's going to be a little bit more balanced between volume inflation plus pricing and productivity than perhaps it's been in the last decade. We like to think that a large part of our business can grow faster in the economy as a whole because of opportunities and the secular trends that we are seeing, but more specific than that, I think it's really hard to beat because it really depends on individual years and what sectors are doing well, but clearly we feel that the volume environment is much more robust going forward than it's been in the last decade after having gone through obviously the housing collapse, the recession that we saw and now this energy transition that we've seen over the last few years. So we think the volume environment is going to be much more constructive going forward than it's been in the past.
Fredrik Eliasson: I mean that the fixed variable, we'll have to see. We obviously have cash in terms of how much the utilities can grow within this current rate structure. So as we go through this year, we will see what the impact is next year, but clearly right now, it's a big negative, but as part of the way that we look at this and we think that's the right strategic move on our part to make sure that we incentivize additional volumes. And as we go through next year, it might be a little bit different. That's where they cycle some of these large gains. So I don't think that's going to be as big of a drive next year as it was this year at least.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think that based on the current volume assumptions that we have, that continues to be robust. I think the answer is yes, I don't think it's going to be significant because I think the operating leverage is going to be especially as we get the network fluidity back, I think there is an opportunity to see great leverage there.Jason Seidl – Cowen & Company: Well fantastic gentlemen, I appreciate the time as always.
Fredrik Eliasson: That's correct Ben. I think it's absolutely the right way to look at.Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Good. Thank you.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, well we said as a fair remark was that until we see meaningful improvement in the network fluidity and velocity, it is reasonable to assume that that run rate of about $10 million or so a period of $30 million a quarter is the right place to think about it.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, I am not saying that. I am just saying right now from what we're seeing, we're seeing if it doesn’t improve, it's the right place to be in terms of thinking about what the incremental cost will be. If we see meaningful improvement here during the summer months, which is a possibility that that demand is a little bit lower during the summer as we go through the period here until Labor Day, there is an opportunity that we can see meaningful improvement and the cost can come down, but that's yet to be seen.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think you'll see intermodal is a little bit more competitive and tracking a little lower than that level that's in there right now.
Clarence Gooden: Winter Haven is progressing along as we expect it to be. Most of the volume in Winter Haven now has moved out of our Orlando facility, which is part of the SunRail deal we had done earlier several years ago with the State of Florida. So it will be several years before we reach capacity -- full capacity in Winter Haven. Valley Fair which will open up in the early fourth quarter, late third quarter we are in the process right now seeing just how big that market total is going to be on day one when we open, we expect we will be running initially a train in and a train out a day.
Clarence Gooden: Bill, I think we're a long way from where we should be on the tightness on capacity from just a sheer standpoint of how much we can handle. Remember that today we are essentially at 2007 volume levels. The problem that we have when the surge came fast and quick and furious on us and that's what's dipped our hand here. So we have plenty of capacity to meet the demand of our customers and our common carrier obligation now.
Clarence Gooden: I think that the deceleration that you saw particularly on the merchandize side on a year-over-year basis was a result of a weakness in the economy that we had had in the previous years and some duration lingering effects of that contracts that were in place. Going forward I think all modes of transportation have an opportunity to price up, price up significantly, particularly in this type of economic environment. When you couple that with what is happening in 2014 and you look at the projections for 2015, we are in a very robust pricing market in virtually all modes of transportation. So up is the way the direction looks to me.
Clarence Gooden: Ken, I think 2015 for domestic utility coal is still going to be a robust year for multiple reasons. One, the stock piles now are way down. Two, as long as gas stays particularly for Illinois Basin above $3.50 for the Southeast, it makes coal competitive in the mix. Three, is that we still don't know if we are going to have what will the winter of 2014's effect is going in. Four, I think the utilities are tended to lean more now to having sufficient stock piles rather than having insufficient stock piles to meet their customer's demand.Ken Hoexter – Bank of America: That's good. So you are still seeing the outlook for growth as you move forward, not falling back to the continued annual declines.
Clarence Gooden: Jeff, this is Clarence. If export coal didn’t exist, what is going on with the yield on the domestic coal? Well, I don't think export coal has any direct impact at all on what the yield is on our domestic coal as it currently exists. Our yield is very positive on our domestic coal. It is -- actually it's improving in our domestic coal business that's coming along. The fixed variable contracts and the nature of them have been proved very positive to us. They cover a good percentage of our contracts now, especially in our Southern utility markets. There is coal that we are now moving and hauling that we would not have moved in haul have we not had the fixed variable contracts with the caps and obviously to help control how much that moves if that's right that we are handling now that we would not have handled. I don't know if that helps or not.
Clarence Gooden: Well, it's going to reverse, its four million tons not seven and we don't see that number changing. It appears to be what it is and we think the other plants that remain open will burn at higher burn rates and it will be a non-event number essentially for us. Number two was export rates for next year too early to tell. We'll revisit that in the fourth quarter…
Clarence Gooden: Volumes, it's still too early to tell. We'll know more about that in the fourth quarter and your first question was what on the…
Clarence Gooden: Cherilyn, this is Clarence. I think it's difficult to segment into those three areas, but I would tell you this. Our customers told us that they shipped earlier this year significantly earlier in anticipation of ILWU work stoppages on the West Coast. So all the ships out of Asia were fully profiled coming to the West Coast and via the canal in order to avoid that. So that certainly had an impact. There were some impact due to winter weather and we expect to see that international traffic in the low single digits going forward.
Clarence Gooden: Well obviously there is expansions going all along the East Coast as we speak. They are predominantly in the Philadelphia area. Some are in the New Jersey areas where we are seeing the current expansions. We have two customers that are looking at expanding in New Jersey area rather than for obvious reason, so I won't mention their names, but that's where you are seeing the expansions occur.
Clarence Gooden: Well, right now we are averaging around for 2014 plus or minus 20 trains per week. We also could see some slight increase in that as we go forward. There is a finite capacity, number, both as you know from what the Bakken can produce and from what the refiners can consume.
Clarence Gooden: It's relatively small percent of door to door is of our overall pricing if that's what your question is.
Clarence Gooden: No, I wouldn’t infer that at all. I would say that our intermodal pricing was somewhere in the range of around 2% little bit above that.
Clarence Gooden: Well, the margin mix continues in terms of favoring more intermodal, but because of the work that we've done over the last few years to improve the profitability of that business segment, it is now at par with the rest of our merchandize business. This quarter we saw an increase in some of our coal business, which is a welcome sign. So that's certainly helpful too and so as we think about the future and the guidance we have in place, I think we have the right mix thoughts there and I think we are in all our businesses profitable and we would like to grow all our business as much as we possibly can going forward. So we are somewhat indifferent to the mix that we are seeing.
