Michael Ward: Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. Last evening, we were pleased to report record third quarter results, supported by an economy that continues to improve and another strong performance by our employees. Third quarter earnings per share were $1.08, up 48% from the same period last year. Revenues increased 16% to nearly $2.7 billion with approximately two-thirds of that increase coming from higher volumes. We adopted higher traffic levels profitably as our employees continued to improve safety and efficiency while delivering reliable service to our customers. The combination of higher revenues and continued productivity resulted in a 39% increase in operating income from the prior period and a 490 basis point improvement in our operating ratio to 69.1, a significant milestone for the company. This continued strong performance allows us to return value to our shareholders and we remain committed to delivering that value through our balanced approach. You will recall that on September 29, CSX Board of Directors announced an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend on the company's common stock. This marked the eighth increase during the past five years. By the end of the first quarter of 2011, we also expect to complete the repurchase of nearly $650 million worth of shares, representing the remaining balance under the $3 billion buyback plan announced in March of 2008. And finally, we are increasing our capital spending in 2010 from the previously announced $1.7 billion to approximately $1.8 billion for projects that will create competitive advantage for our customers, efficiently grow the business, create jobs and deliver shareholder value. The leaders with me today are proud of what CSX is accomplishing and we are confident that we are doing the right things to create even more value for our customers and investors. With that, let me turn it over to Clarence for an overview of our topline performance in the quarter.
Michael Ward: Well thank you, Oscar. For the past several years, CSX employees have been sharply focused on serving customers while delivering strong financial results by our share holders. As our markets continue to rebound, we're sticking to our game plan. And our excellent results in the third quarter reflect that commitment. We see even greater opportunity for CSX as the country relies more and more on environmentally friendly railroads to handle its trade. Just last month, the Federal Railway Administration highlighted the incredible efficiencies freight railroads have produced since the Staggers Act was enacted thirty years ago and the savings that have been passed on to shippers. Not surprisingly, hundreds of transportation experts and stakeholders who were consulted for the FRA report concluded that the freight system must not be harmed as a national rail policy is implemented. Thirty years ago freight railroads were bankrupt, and lacked the investment to operate safely, efficiently or reliably. Today they are healthy enterprises that are investing record levels of capital into their networks, helping drive the nation's economic recovery, and employing more than 150,000 people with excellent pay and benefits. Our customers and their customers have been the real winners as average adjusted rail rates have declined by half since the passage of the Staggers Act in 1980. In today's economy, the nation should embrace these benefits. Policymakers should make certain that future legislative and regulatory actions do not in any way recreate the dysfunction of the pre-Staggers years. We are committed to working to maintain a balanced regulatory environment that lets us create competitive advantage for our customers, good jobs for hardworking Americans and value for our shareholders. A steady improvement in the economy will give us an even greater opportunity to demonstrate outstanding results and to further deploy our capital to enhance our network and reward shareholders. We believe CSX delivers terrific value for investors. We provide a critical service to a wide range of customers. We have a cultural and a track record of results, and we are ideally positioned in the growing marketplace. With that, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Michael Ward: I guess Gary, I would point to 2009 where our volumes were down 15%. And we got not only our normal productivity, but additional extraordinary productivity. So I think we've shown that in a down period we can drive the productivity and in an up period we can drive the productivity, and we will continue to do so.
Michael Ward: I would think, if we look at it a little bit, as you know, in our industry at age 60 with 30 years of service, one can retire, and many of our employees choose that option. So we expect probably attrition in the 6% to 7% range over the next several years. And obviously, we'll have to hire some of that back, but not fully, because Dave's going to continue to improve productivity and find better ways to run. So we're going to have strong attrition, do some strong hiring. This year actually, we're going to end up hiring about 2,000 people to replace that attrition. And next year, we may be more in the range of 3,000. So we do have a changing work force.
Michael Ward: Well, Rob, I think if we look at it, obviously we're very pleased with the results here. And as you know, we continue to have a balanced approach. We took up our dividend; we're increasing our buyback or completing our buybacks really. And we think investing in the business is pretty important. So we've told the policymakers all along as we make more, we'll invest more. Because there is a great future for our industry and for our company, and we have the cash flows to support it. On the broader aspect around potential regulation, we really do believe that policymakers are going to understand the importance of the railroads to this economy. Because if we are, in effect, hindered in our ability to invest, we're going to stop building, it'll stop job creation, it will be negative for the environment and really take away the competitive edge that some American companies have. Because we do have the best freight system in the world, great rail system in the world. So we have, when it's all said and done, the policymakers will understand that. So this is just consistent with what we've been doing all along which is, as we earn more, we invest more, and we return to our shareholders.
Clarence Gooden: Well, first question there on peak intermodal season, we actually saw it started in a traditional timeframe. This year, it started in August, stayed strong in September. Continued strong in October and traditionally, Scott, as you know it tails off towards thanksgiving. And then our premium intermodal services start to kick in for their fall peak from thanksgiving into Christmas. So, we see that moving along those lines very well. As you know, we don't give particular information out on a single customer other than this case to say that customers decline, we would have been in double digits in our domestic intermodal growth.
Clarence Gooden: We expect economy to have good slow steady growth in 2011. And we expect our pricing will remain above rail inflation.
Clarence Gooden: Again, we are in the process putting together the 2011 plan at a very high level. Stockpiles will begin to build in the shorter period as we're going through now. Having said that, it's going to be weather dependent on what happens in 2011 and we hope for a cold winter.
Clarence Gooden: Scott, it varies from utility-to-utility based upon their philosophy, is the first point. The second point in there is, is that if you look at where the stockpiles are currently, they're really at about 2008, late 2007 levels. And the third factor that comes in is the contractual commitments that the utilities had to take and to receive coal.
Clarence Gooden: I think the answer would be that, by and large, the broad base would be like a higher level of inventories that they had had in the middle of the decade.
Clarence Gooden: Bill, it's very negligible number on legacy pricing left and most of that's in out years, 2012, 2013. And we have about 75% of our pricing for next year locked up at this point, which is about typical for this time of the year.
Clarence Gooden: Well, in the fourth quarter we don't expect it to have a lot of material impact on what our utility coal is going to be, again because of the contractual commitments that our utilities have as well as the fact that the burn in our region is up. Now having said that going forward is going to be dependent on how much natural gas will replace the baseload coal.
Clarence Gooden: We are seeing that as we bring on additional business there, we still want to stick with about 15% to 20% more additional capacity available for productivity in our existing train network. And we're seeing that we can absorb these additional volumes very easily.
Clarence Gooden: First off, we were able this year to get pricing in both our international business as well as in our core business. And what we look at with the longer term contracts on our international traffic is the overall value it can bring not only to our sale, but to our customers. And with the network improvements we're making in our infrastructure, the National Gateway, for example being one, our Northwest Ohio terminal facility which we'll have completed in the first quarter of next year is giving us opportunities to get into markets that are very profitable to us, very attractive to us. And a density that is being created there has produced very strong economic results for us. So the bottomline for us is we feel very positive of that direction that intermodal is moving in.
Clarence Gooden: Certainly, Cherilyn. We are looking closely at our starts and how we add additional service as customers grow their business and have needs for additional service. So we're looking at a very granular level and a very responsive level to particular customer needs, and that allows us to contain, especially in the local and the yard network where we serve customers on a carload basis, as well as contain those starts within the additional capacity we have within our existing local and yard network. So you see the results of that in the measurements.
Clarence Gooden: I think it could be extremely a big and important market for us, because what Northwest Ohio will allow us to do eastbound is overhead Chicago with much bigger and longer trains going into Northwest Ohio. And then we can serve both the entire Ohio valley, the Upper Midwest over to the mid-Atlantic and into the New England areas out of that. And conversely, on the reverse side of that as we come out of those same areas going back west, it allows us to consolidate freight back at the Northwest Ohio terminal and then overhead the Chicago lanes which will improve both in terms of capacity utilization as well as longer and better trains.
Clarence Gooden: On the cars that we have stored, we have about 2000 box cars that are still in the storage. But they are mostly Class C box cars which would be good for brick loading and bulk type loading. All of our Class As are out and being utilized. And the same is true in our multi-level fleet. There are a couple of thousand cars in the automotive fleet stored, but they tend to be bi-level cars as opposed to tri-level cars that are all in use. Then we have some gones and coal metal cars still under storage, but not as many as they were. That's driven mainly by the fact that steel capacity utilization's in the low to mid-70s. And the biggest number of cars we have still in the storage is centerbeam lumber cars as a result of the construction business being down. I guess the second part of your question was what are our car needs going forward.
Clarence Gooden: We're looking at replenishing some of our coal fleet in the near term. We're making some plans right now to go back and do some rework on our automotive cars. We're acquiring some box cars through TTX's national fleet to help us improve in our Class A box car side of the house. That's principally and preponderantly where those numbers are. And our jumbo covered hoppers, we're adding in a new 286 short wheelbase capacity covered hoppers.
Clarence Gooden: Yes Walter, before we do a forecast of the type that you're seeing here on an internal basis, we canvas all of our customers to see what they see in the short term as well as longer term. And the customer base we're dealing with has been very positive to us in the growth and just in all of those segments that we've mentioned there. As you know the automotive market is still strong for us. Our intermodal business is strong for us right now. In fact last week in our intermodal business we almost had a record week; we were very close in terms of volume in doing that. And we're still very optimistic in both our export coal and our utility coal.
Clarence Gooden: Well there were three primary drivers that drove the positive revenue per unit not coal. First and principal was in our pricing itself. Second was in our favorable mix both with long haul southern utility coal as well as in our expert coal which carries one of our higher rates. And the third was our fuel recovery, although that was to a lesser extent.
Clarence Gooden: We have three major markets that we are serving right now in a very broad sense now, the very high level. And they are the Ukraine, China and Brazil.
Clarence Gooden: I don't know the percentages of the top in my head. Brazil will probably end up being one of the larger though.
Clarence Gooden: A couple of factors in there. Number one, as I mentioned, our coal is going to three major markets. So China is not the only driver in that market is number one. And number two is that we base this forecast at this time on the vessel lineup that's lined up to come in the (forced) projection of the shippers on when the vessels will arrive.
Oscar Munoz: First, on the fuel efficiency, that is correct. It's a little bit of the old equipment coming on board. But let me answer the broader question of incremental margin and what if that continues? The answers absolutely, unequivocally, yes. We'll be able to maintain that strong over the near term. And we'll provide kind of a longer term view early next year. But again, strong showing for us.
Oscar Munoz: Well, we're always trying to build on our great results as you know, and in this quarter it's certainly consistent with that. And so in the near term, we'll continue to focus on the fundamentals that have been driving us. And we're not going really project too much of a ratio. But having said that, longer-term, this railroad can and will operate below 70% on a consistent basis.
Oscar Munoz: On the intermodal side, it's a sort of broad-based investment from facilities, from yard expansions, from technology, from containers. So it's across those areas. We are not purchasing any new locomotives this year, 2010. We will purchase about 50 of them next year.
Oscar Munoz: Those are a lot of questions. So let me stick with the broad-based question which is, what is contributing to our strong cost management that's there.
Oscar Munoz: This will sound trite, but it is a growing and great culture around running a great sound, efficient and safe business. And we've been doing that for a long period of time. And starting with Tony and continuing with David Brown, the culture around these cross-functional initiatives that David Brown mentioned in his talk, the levels of work that are going on, buying, areas of efficiency and asset utilization along with productivity are just throughout our entire system, and they are finding a ton of places to go find cost. And that just continues everyday and it's just a culture that we have. And that's something that's new over the last few years for this company. That's the fundamental driver.
Oscar Munoz: And then even as a further reminder, back to 2008, before the financial meltdown, we gave you guidance of sub-70 by the end of 2010. And we said then very specifically that it was not necessarily predicated on lots of volume growth. And so it's certainly part of the equation, and we love to have it. And we love to grow our business organically. But cost management and the culture is all about being efficient and productive, regardless.
Oscar Munoz: You are correct. There is a bit of delay across a couple of different areas with the development of the actual software and applications that are required for this. At this point in time we will make up the time; the mandate is out there, the deadline is out there, and we're focused on spending the money in that appropriate fashion. But, yes, in the near term, there's a little bit of delay.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, thanks Jason, and thank you for noticing that. We are very pleased with the safety trends that we do continue to improve. As you know, we do that adjustment process that you refer to twice a year, excellent, being in this fourth quarter, and that is currently being reviewed by our third party actuaries. So we'll provide an update on that as we finish through that in the fourth quarter call.
Oscar Munoz: Again, that would be a layman's assumption, but actuaries are what they are. But yes, I think what we focus on is the safety trends improving. That's the most important thing. The accounting will take care of itself.
Oscar Munoz: As you know, our capital deployment over the last few years has been sort of sourced by two things, our strong operating cash flow and of course our even stronger balance sheet. So I think as we go forward, we'll continue that same approach and always stay in investment grade. So we'll always look at all those options.
Oscar Munoz: No. Nothing in particular. We actually increased expense in there because of incentive comp. And so that's I guess a reserve adjustment. But we're negative.
