Michael J. Ward: Well, thank you, Oscar. Over the past several months, our business has stood out as part of the American economy that is really working. We're delivering competitive advantages for American business, higher investment, attractive new jobs and outstanding financial results. That's what's supposed to happen. We're doing all of these things while helping to solve some of the nation's most pressing problems, including air pollution and overcrowded highways. And unlike other modes of transportation, we're paying our own way. CSX's success helps to prove that the current laws and regulations that govern freight railroads are working. We are meeting the goals of U.S. transportation policy, which are to enhance infrastructure, create jobs, spur investment and promote American competitiveness. At just a moment, the government is looking for ways to build the potential for U.S. businesses to grow and succeed, a change in the economic regulation of freight railroads would be a mistake. When June [ph] globally, U.S. railroads haul more freight, more economically for its customers than any rail system on the planet. This is a major competitive advantage for American corporations we serve. As with any business, our efforts to achieve our vision begin and end with our customers. We must do everything we can to help them grow, and we are highly focused on making that happen. In the near term, that includes ensuring we have resources in place. For the longer term, it means taking substantial steps to better align our resources and infrastructure with the needs of our customers. And of course, none of this happens without great employees. I want you to know that we continue to be very proud of their efforts. They are the cornerstone of everything we intend to achieve with our customers now and in the future and the reason we have confidence in the financial guidance we have shared with you. With that, we'd like to now open up for your questions.
Michael J. Ward: Okay, first on the NIT League. We see that NIT League proposal as an open access recommendation that wrongly tries to replace public interest standards with formulas, and it's a clear attempt to change the rules to gain an unfair advantage for those customers. That proposal's nothing new, Scott. As with other open access proposals, there is no reliable evidence supporting this one, and no mention the impact would have on rail operations or infrastructure investment. We really do believe that any final resolutions beyond this scope is [indiscernible] should come through Congress and that the policymakers will decide that we need to continue to invest in the infrastructure, especially as you alluded to, with the potential Transportation Bill out there restricting some of the spending on highways, it's even more important that railroads continue their infrastructure investment going forward. So it's our belief that while that proposal's out there, it's not in the public interest and should not be enacted. On the PTC, I'm sorry I forgot about that one. There is some discussion of potentially extending that. We would not oppose that. We think it would allow more orderly implementation of PTC. But at this time, it's just a proposal. So we are proceeding as if the law, as it exists today to be deployed by 2015, is still the target and we are deploying on that basis. Should they decide an extension does make sense, obviously, we would change that implementation plan.
Michael J. Ward: Let me address that. I think you're quite correct, it's not on the CSX management. I think the industry in general has said if there's regulations that hinder our ability to earn adequate returns, we have to back off on those investments, and we will because that will be our obligations to our shareholders. That being said, I do believe that when this is all said and done, that the decision will be made not to injure our ability to make this critical investments. Obviously, reducing that fee from 20,000 [ph] down to 350,000 [ph], I think, could have some impact. But what we're finding, if you look at our large customer base, high 90s a percent of the time, we were able to sit down with our customers, come to an agreement as to what a fair price for the great service we're providing is, and very few of them end up at the STB and the ones that do, in many cases through the mediation process that's provided by the STB, able to come up with solutions that satisfy both parties. So our view is that we will continue to be able to work with our customer base and that while that fee is down, will not increase tremendously the number of cases that are being filed there.
Michael J. Ward: I think it would be very dangerous, and you may recall my testimony when that question was asked, it was on my view we would not be willing to participate in a pilot program like that. I think the adverse effects on our operation's network fluidity, the collateral impacts on others and our ability to invest would be highly detrimental to the competitiveness of American businesses that we serve. And our view is that such a pilot program would not be a good wise decision.
Michael J. Ward: One thing that hurt that, I guess, David is the intermodal growing as it is and while it's very profitable business, the GTMs per gallon on Intermodal is going to be less than it is for Coal business. So the mix does get in there as well, John.
Clarence W. Gooden: Ken, I'll answer the first one, and David will address the second one. With the environmental pressure that you've talked about on our coal fire utilities, as we've said before, we think the impact is going to be on about 15% to 20% of our capacity that's served by CSX. Now the fact is that much of this capacity is already idled, some of the smaller and older plants that are without scrubbers, so from a volume standpoint, it will have a relatively minimal impact.
Clarence W. Gooden: Tom, this is Clarence. We feel very positive about our economy going forward. I'll give you a couple of 3 indicators of that. First, our export coal. We think will stay very strong and robust, both on a year-over-year basis and as we told you going forward in the range of 42 million to 45 million tons. Secondly, our Intermodal business is strong, both with highway conversions and international freight. We expect a shorter peak this year, meaning it will start later in the year, but we expect a very strong peak there. And then when you look at automobile production, the average age of a car in the United States now is in excess of 10 years. So we think that auto production, particularly in the second half of the year will be stronger than it was in the first half of the year, both due to demand and due to the impact of the Japanese tsunami going away. So -- and finally, I would characterize in the agricultural sector, we expect both heavy fertilizer shipments this fall as well as some of the, as you know, the record grain crops that are coming in. So we think all of that forbodes a good economy.
Clarence W. Gooden: On the utility markets, Tom, you're correct, there has been weakness in those utility markets. The main factor driving that is natural gas prices. Having said that, the natural gas units that are on CSX are operating at capacity. So if these hot days and hot nights continue as it's going now, the utility stockpiles will start to come down. And although that may not impact as much in the third and the fourth quarter, I think it says a lot for what will happen in 2012 in that utility market. Secondly, given what we know has been booked and/or our plans to ship more export coal in the third and fourth quarters, we expect to be very strong, and we feel very positive about it.
Clarence W. Gooden: And coke and iron ore has also been very strong for us this year, and we expect in the second half, it will continue to be strong.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, Scott, I don't think there's any question that the Australian flood issues were a positive impact on American coals this year. Having said that, on a worldwide basis, as you know, the United States is essentially a swing player in that export coal market. As we talk with our customers and our exporters about it, we expect 2012 to be a very strong export year. I don't want to go out on a limb and say that it's going to be as strong as this year, but I would tell you that all indications are that it will be.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, it's the spread between the 2, but obviously, the fourth quarter will be stronger than the third quarter because we've just experienced the model changeover and downtime in the auto network.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, Chris, let me say this to you. Our pricing was strong and positive in all of our lines of business, all of our lines of business. Export coal was very strong, but we covered rail inflation in the other -- more than covered rail inflation in the other lines of our businesses this quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Okay let me see if I can remember all that. Well #1 is that the increase in coal shipments is on existing customer base. #2 is the tariff increases that were announced July, effective July 1st of 3%, will have minimum impact because a relatively small percentage of our business moves on the tariffs, the remaining part is under contract. And the second question was what -- take or pay. We do have a percentage of our Export business that has liquidated damages in it, but we don't expect that to have any impact at all in the third or fourth quarters.
Clarence W. Gooden: The major groups that got impacted by weather directly was Plastics. We had one of the largest plastics manufacturing plants in the United States was idle for several weeks as a result of the tornado in Alabama. And then to the point that David made earlier, things slowed down over the Chicago Gateway because of the impact of flooding but the traffic itself continued to move. The ag business that we referred to as a result of the low stockpiles of feed grains that are available, particularly in the Southeast. In fact, the local crops are gone and so we have to bring the feed in from longer distances.
Clarence W. Gooden: It's the latter. We expect a more normal start. If you look at the piers data and some of the Journal of Commerce data on the Trans-Pacific trade in particular, you're seeing a slowing in that business and a decline in the rate structures and that -- but the positive thing is, is those inventories we spoke of earlier in the dialogue that we had shows those inventories are still at historically low levels, and so they'll have to be replenished before the Christmas season comes in, so we expect a more -- a later start in that season.
Clarence W. Gooden: I would divide our capacity in intermodal into 3 areas: One would obviously be on the domestic side of the business, the domestic container fleet. And we are in a very positive situation in our domestic containers, both with ourselves and with our partner in the UMAX program, the Union Pacific. So we feel very good about where that capacity is. Given the capacity and particularly the additional OD pairs that Northwest Ohio has presented for us, we have just a very robust terminal capacity across our network now. And with the expansions that we're doing in places like Louisville, like Columbus, like Charlotte and some of the other terminals around our system, we feel very positive about how that's going. And then as David mentioned, in the train network, we continue to have capacity available in our intermodal network on the train side. So of the 3 major components that are going to drive the capacity in intermodal, they're all positive and moving up.
Clarence W. Gooden: On the domestic side? I don't have a percentage off the top of my head, but I will tell you that on the domestic side of our business in the second quarter, the spot pricing helped to drive the increase in the yield.
Clarence W. Gooden: I don't believe so, particularly on the domestic side of the equipment, Jason. And when you look at the capacity, not only that CSX and UP is putting in with the UMAX programs if you look at the capacities at Swift and the capacity that JB Hunt and other companies are putting in for the containers, domestic container side of business which if you recall was the primary problem, if you will, last year in the fourth quarter. I don't think you'll see a repeat of that. And certainly, the car fleet is adequate to do that. And as David mentioned earlier, we have both flexibility on the existing trains to double stack and to fill up, and if necessary, we could run some extra sections of trains to do it. So it's a good problem to have.
Clarence W. Gooden: I think we said at the Investor's Day at Northwest Ohio in May that our capacity last year was in the 30 million to 40 million-ton range 2010 and 2011 it had moved up to the 45 million to 50 million-ton range. And beyond that we have plans that are scalable with investments to increase that capacity. Further, there's private companies now that are working in places such as Charleston, such as Philadelphia, to increase export capacity there, so it's a positive story.
Clarence W. Gooden: One is, is we picked up a new account last year that we haven't lapped that growth in it. As a result, we think of our Northwest Ohio facility. And that has shown growth. Our steamship partners themselves have shown growth in their marketplaces that we've been able to enjoy. And then third going forward, we expect that international part of our portfolio to continue to grow, and as you will recall in May again at our Investor's Conference, we announced that we'll be onboarding Maersk in the first quarter of next year and that will bring significant volumes to us.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well that net number is 3,600 in the coal cars and the other 200 there in high-capacity, jumbo covered hoppers, and some of it will result in a net increase. Most of it is to replace fallouts. It also gives us this -- one of the analysts asked earlier increased capacity utilization, if you will. We can simply haul more coal in the same footprint.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, for competitive reasons, I don't want to give you an exact breakdown of what growth was in either one of those areas, but I would tell you that the international, in general, grew both because of new customers and because of existing lines growing at a rate that was slightly higher than domestic.
Clarence W. Gooden: Matt, I don't know about the other rails. Where we saw some sequential softness mainly was in our international traffic. And as I mentioned to you earlier, to one of the analysts, was the Trans-Pacific trade has shown some weakness recently, both in terms of volume, as well as in terms of rates on the water itself. So that's what we've seen. The domestic side of the business is with highway conversions and with highway fuel costs the way they are now is actually showing a positive for us.
David A. Brown: Okay. Ken, and also as far as our service levels are concerned, really, we have progressively worked on improving our service levels. And when we look at additional equipment being brought online, we averaged about 209,000 cars online during the second quarter. And when we look at where we would be if we were congested, that number will be more up around 240,000 cars online on a sustained basis. And in fact, in recent weeks, we've had some of our record lowest cars online days in history. So we're not seeing congestion being contributed to by any additional equipment. We're actually very fluid, although, again our measures are somewhat below where we expect them to be in our historic highs. Overall, measures are moving back to those high levels now in July, and we expect to be very fluid as we go into the third quarter and continue to be able to perform for our customers as expected.
David A. Brown: Yes, Brandon. It's a combination of factors. Of course, we are hiring, first of all, to cover attrition, which is pretty substantial not just for us but across our industry. I did mention we bring on 450 incremental additional conductors in the second half of the year, and that's for more volume to handle the business growth we've seen. We were challenged late first quarter and into the second quarter around some weather events, numerous different types of events from winter storms to the, of course, there's flooding that's impacted our gateways, interchanges between the Western railroads and the Eastern railroads, and we had fires in the Southeast. I mean, we could list a number of things that have made us a little bit more -- a little bit slower in our overall velocity, a little sluggish in some areas and it does require more resources to -- when you have that situation to persevere to that situation and return to the high level of performance we experienced in the past, and it's really kind of a combination of all those factors that are leading the way. We had a hiring plan that was, I think, a very good plan that started last August. It was at full speed in the fourth quarter. It delivered additional employees as we needed them, and although we've added additional employees to that, it's to support the growth that Clarence talked about.
David A. Brown: I think we will scale our hiring in the future to accomplish that. Again, we have attrition requirements in the next several years that are going to require continuing to hire, and we have a very good team that looks at and predicts exactly what we need when we need people as we scale our hiring for volume growth. And I think we're going to be very close to staying right where we need to be in terms of hiring. So we have the right number of people and we certainly don't want to overhire, resulting in having resources that are not efficient and productive.
David A. Brown: Okay, Scott, yes, this is David. We certainly were impacted. In a lot of ways, it's frustrating and it's even annoying when you have the succession of events that require a lot of effort to keep the railroad as fluid as possible and then a lot of attention to it for recoverability. But with the financial impact was fairly insignificant, as you can see from a 69.3% operating ratio on a record quarter, there are impacts. We tried to mitigate those as much as possible. It does affect our customers, and we do hear from them about that and work with them to understand exactly how we're going to maintain a level of service, it's higher originations, higher arrivals. We've seen velocity return this month, and 4% year-over-year slower railroad is not a good thing, but it's not horrible, and it's certainly something that we can -- with the great operating team we have in the field, we can -- they're working very hard to return that to the higher levels and we're seeing that succeed.
David A. Brown: Right, so you have these events occur and one particular example is we saw the supply chain decisions that are made by our customers influence how traffic flows, and so we did see grain traffic flowing over to Chicago Gateway that we didn't plan to have over that gateway. It wasn't part of what we expected, and that does require additional resources especially cruise, and so we redoubled our efforts around that to make sure we can keep that traffic flowing, but it does create some tightness on our resource base through those specific quarters that are affected, and we just work to resolve that.
David A. Brown: Sure, John. We maintain capacity in our train network by how we adjust our One Plan. So as we adapt to volume growth and add additional trains or change the trains in different lanes to size our business, which we try to maintain about 10% to 15% capacity in our merchandise network, and intermodal is running about 15% to 20% capacity available for additional business. So again, it's sort of a fluid approach that we are always evaluating our train service offerings, our One Plan and making certain that we keep available capacity in the train network. As far as terminals are concerned, as we see -- as you see dwell improving and you see our throughput improving, our cars online staying reasonably low, in fact, at record low levels in some cases, that has created capacity in our terminals, and we are in the process now of doing an intensive evaluation of all of our terminals, their current utilization rates, their current efficiency rates, productivity and evaluating exactly how much capacity we have in each terminal for volume growth. We're seeing that to be substantial in most areas. Where we see tightness in terminal capacity, we have within our capital plan, plans to invest in the near term, and that's part of the capital that number $2.2 billion includes capital for capacity growth and including our -- all of our terminals where we have those needs as well as in our line of road areas where our corridors for handling trains where we see that we have tightness in capacity, we're investing now for the future.
David A. Brown: Sure, Walter, this is David. Just to talk -- start talking about service levels again, and I kind of reiterate a little bit that I'm very confident in our plan. I think we have a very good plan to size our resources for the volume we're expecting to have come online for -- at the level of service that we expect to achieve. I think we're seeing now that restored now. We're having several good weeks in terms all the conditions around what we're doing. So we're seeing those service levels return. And that same sort of diligent planning is a critical factor toward mitigating any long-term or future risk around volumes and growth projections, and I feel very comfortable and confident in our team in accomplishing that successfully. I think Oscar's going to talk about the risk side.
David A. Brown: We have returned a lot of our old units that were stored in the downturn back to service. We're actually adding, and within that 250, there are about 50 -- there are exactly 50 new locomotives. The balance the other 200 are primarily leases that we're working on some lease arrangements that will give us something flexibility into the future. And we have begun a rebuild program for 3,000-horsepower locomotives. So we'll bring a handful of those into our fleet before the end of the year, and that will continue into the future also.
David A. Brown: I think we will, as we bring leased locomotives into our fleet, they tend to be a little bit less fuel-efficient. It's also there's a mix component so coal is a very locomotive horsepower-intensive [ph] commodity. We liked -- so we like that, but it does require more horsepower to move unit coal trains versus other train types so mix is part of that and the overall fuel efficiency of our fleet is a component as well. We try to mitigate that, and we have been successful in mitigating that in the past through just using technology and education for our locomotive engineers, so they do a better job of being fuel conservative about how they move trains. So there's a lot of sort of moving parts in that we believe will help us stay in a very level state and improving in the future in fuel economy.
Oscar Munoz: The way to think about it is, first of all, our long-term guidance has been in the $130 million to $150 million just to make sure. I think as we make the necessary investments in the business for this year, I think we'll probably fall short of that $130 million, probably in the $80 million to $100 million. And again, it's an important investment that we need to make for the long-term growth we see second half growth and the service requirement. And again having said that, we do expect that high 60s operating ratio for the full year. So it's all embedded in our guidance.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, I think the way David's outlined it is that you should, for the back half of the year, expect a slight or similar view of the expenses being just -- x fuel being slightly above our volume growth.
Oscar Munoz: Yes, Chris. Rather than giving you a specific direction on that, I think the incremental margins will remain very strong over the back half of the year, impacted by all those items, both on the-plus and minus side. But we'll just stay with strong for now.
Oscar Munoz: And if we haven't mentioned that a few times, yes. The high 60s for the full year is still very much in place.
Oscar Munoz: The extra week does have an impact on that. But I think as we generally talk about our business with you, it's on a similar basis. But be aware that there is an extra week in that last quarter. But when we talk about our business operations exceeding GDP and IDP, that's what we mean on a real comparable basis.
Oscar Munoz: And Scott, this is Oscar on your kind of second part of the question with regards with that -- those items, that volume is perishable or not. Actually, a good deal of it can transfer over, and we'll move some of it in the third and fourth quarters if need be.
Oscar Munoz: John, I'll take a shot at that. I just said, our friends at Global Insight also had actuals around 4.6% for last year. So not a significant change from where we finished last year, and yes, clearly, labor is a big proportion of that.
Oscar Munoz: And the health and welfare, which is as you know is close to double digits increases over the last couple of years.
Oscar Munoz: I think it drops a little bit, sort of in the 4%, slightly below 4%, but I'd have to check that directly when I last looked at it. Somebody's telling me 3.7%.
Oscar Munoz: Cherilyn, it's Oscar. We're receiving some of them and have been over the course of the year. The bulk of the recent announcement obviously will come over the course of this back half of the year and early next year.
Oscar Munoz: And given that confidence, but to your point on risk management, clearly, in our projections, we do always establish a bit of a contingency in the back half number-wise, so we do have a little cushion as you called it to make sure that we do get to the numbers that we promised our investors and shareholders.
Oscar Munoz: Well, in our projections from a geography on our P&L, it's just an expense item that is determined by a combination of risk assessment on both those fronts, volume revenue and productivity. So it's a number we sort of compute and put in.
Oscar Munoz: Peter, it's Oscar. Just the premise that you state with regards to January and our projections and that only bad things have happened since, it's just a little quick note. As we project and give guidance for the full year, there's always a level of I think earlier person asked about a cushion, we build in some general cushion in our long-term numbers. So some of the things that happen to our business in the course of the year are expected. We do sort of account for them and build that into the guidance that we provide you. So it's not as drastic a change as you might think. And yes, export coal certainly has been helpful. Intermodal growth has been helpful. The back half economic views in our markets we serve seem stronger in the back half of the year. All those are driving upsides to the cost inputs that we generally tend to expect, but not entirely.
