Michael Jon Ward: Well, thank you, Fredrik. Well, 2012 represents another challenging year, yet one in which our team expects to deliver excellent results. As we outlined in this morning's presentation, utility coal is our biggest headwind and it will be even a greater factor in the second quarter. In response, we will continue to maximize opportunities in all other markets that are solid to growing, as Clarence outlined, while keeping our focus on safety, service and productivity. This team remains vigilant and confident. We are aware of the obstacles, we know what we need to do to progress forward and we again expect to achieve year-over-year earnings growth in 2012. Our confidence is reinforced by the resiliency that this team has demonstrated while delivering record financial results in 5 of the past 6 years. We accomplished this through the housing collapse, the biggest global recession in the last half-century and a significant decline in our utility coal business. CSX is a healthy growing company that responds well to challenges. We enter the future with a robust industry outlook, a diverse mix of product markets, a well-positioned transportation network and a track record for success. Our first quarter performance was the fast start we were looking for, and our employees will remain highly focused in the months and years ahead. We thank them for being key to our success. And at this time, we look forward to answering your questions.
Michael Jon Ward: But, Bill, this is Michael, you're referring to it as take or pay. Most of our contracts, it's not officially take or pay. You have to pay the full price if you don't move it. There's usually a liquidated damages amount that's less than what the rate would be.
Michael Jon Ward: This is Michael. I think what I'd say, Rob, is a lot of the line haul movement from the mining areas to the utility itself uses lines that we use for Intermodal, merchandise that are common lines. The only place we've had the issue you're alluding to is perhaps in the coal field themselves. And as Clarence said, at the utilities, it's just a little loop track there. That's not a big deal. So it'll be mainly in the coal mining areas. We do see good vibrancy in the export market longer-term, which I think will help support that infrastructure. So but to Clarence's earlier comment, it's probably too early in this evolution to really get specific. There will be dialogues between us and the utility companies of how we ensure that they have the capacity they need, but that we also have the predictability that we need. And that's yet to be worked out.
Michael Jon Ward: I think we are forecasting on a full-year basis. We're trying to stay out of forecasting on quarter-by-quarter basis.
Michael Jon Ward: Yes. It is going to the toughest quarter. And we're going to be seeing a little bit more favorability in the second half as we lap some of those resource additions and most of the work. The coal headwind will moderate, but the comment is really about the full year.
Michael Jon Ward: This is Mike, Cherilyn. I guess when we look at it, we do, when we were going to grow to 65%, there was really 3 components: The pricing above inflation, which we're still very confident about, growing our business and the productivity of $130 million to $140 million per year. So as we look at it now, we're still going to be getting that $130 million, $140 million. We'll strive for more because, obviously, the coal dragging down some probably implies or impels us to think a little bit more on the productivity side, but the growth element is still pretty critical. And we're very excited about what we're seeing in our Intermodal business especially. We've been growing that domestic Intermodal 6% to 7% for the last 6 or 7 years. And we think the conditions in the highway trucking is going to continue to fuel that. So I'd say the basic thematics we laid out in our earnings release are still there, as Fredrik alluded to earlier, it's just a little bit more challenging with some of the loss of that utility coal business. So it's still going to be about the great service Oscar and his team are going to provide for us. And as he alluded to, and I think is very true, better service is cheaper. So we think the discipline around that will help us grow the business, as well as produce the cost efficiencies we need.
Michael Jon Ward: Yes. So on the utility coal side, most of our capital -- there's very little capital that actually goes into the car side for utility coal. So on -- and then if you look at our overall spend and coupling that with Clarence's comment that 90% of the business is doing well, there is some shifting occurring, on the maintenance side perhaps, but it really isn't that much of a difference. And Export Coal still remains very strong. So there isn't a lot of changing going on. Yes, almost all of that utility coal moves in privately owned equipment.
Michael Jon Ward: Peter, this is Michael, and you're tied into Central App. I think we think more of our total coal portfolio. The Illinois Basin and the Pittsburgh Seam Coal's are growing in prominence because of their cost characteristics. So we think we will see some shifting, have been seeing shifting from cap to Central App over to Illinois Basin and to the Pittsburgh 8 Seam over the last several years. We expect that to continue. As to the end use by the utility companies, I think that's more of what Fredrik was referring to. We think that will stabilize at some point because there will be the need for the generating capacity to meet the electrical demands. So a lot of the fall we're seeing right now has been largely these plants that were built in the '50s and '60s that were going to go out, in our view, by 2014 or '15 anyway. It's just been accelerated by the weak demand due to the weather and the natural gas prices. So I think you're right, it was envisioned, it's happened a little quicker, but I think there's going to be a strong base of regular business out there just to meet the electrical demands in the Eastern half of the United States. And Clarence, I don't know if you have anything you'd like to add to that.
Michael Jon Ward: Some might not be able to make the minimums, and you're quite right, Matt, it would be a next year issue should they not make the minimums.
Michael Jon Ward: But there will be some changes in those relationships. We just -- it's too early to know what they are, Matt, as we discussed earlier.
Michael Jon Ward: But it's not a huge model, just difference of Central App versus Illinois Basin, it's not huge. If you get up into the Pittsburgh 8 Seam coming into the Southwest -- or Southeast, it's a big difference, not a big difference on the Illinois Basin, Jeff.
Clarence W. Gooden: Oh. Right now, there was no impact in this quarter on the liquidated damages. Usually, the way that process works is liquidated damages, if they are in fact applicable, apply in the following year for the year which the shortfalls were not met.
Clarence W. Gooden: No. Ken, we're basing it on several factors. Number one is what our customers have told us that they expect to ship and receive. Number two is electrical demand, as we mentioned earlier, still down in the East from where it has historically been. Third reason is, is that our comps on a year-over-year basis are just more difficult in the second quarter than they are in the third and the fourth quarter.
Clarence W. Gooden: Yes. It's close to that. We should be down somewhere around -- it'll be close to what it was in the first quarter. Just a little, not a lot.
Clarence W. Gooden: We saw both. The train lengths did, in fact, improve, and then into a couple of OD pairs, specific OD pairs, we had additional train starts.
Clarence W. Gooden: Okay. On the first question, the split between the thermal and the metallurgical for us in the first quarter was almost 50-50. And the how do you view pricing in the midterm here, obviously, the metallurgical prices will start to mitigate some over the next few months, as you saw the fact that we took our tariff rates already down as we're trying to price to the market. The thermal rates have historically carried a lower transportation cost, as well as a lower coal price, in the marketplace. So you'll see that mix change impact our same-store sales pricing in the coal business as we move forward. Then on your third question there, which is how do we look at utility coal prices going forward, we're going to price to the marketplace in those utility markets going forward. And as that market develops over time, we'll be able to give you a clearer picture.
Clarence W. Gooden: The frac sand market is very robust now, and it's becoming even, in the near term, better for CSX in our franchise because a lot of the drilling is moving to Western Pennsylvania and the Eastern Ohio. That's a positive move for us. In fact, we added fracs and cars to our fleet last year and again this year. We've moved some crude by rail. We have some contracts in place to move some more crude by rail. I wish it was as big on us as it is the western carriers, but it's not. And we think it's a future market, though, that will develop nicely for us.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, you'll see a couple of things with the pricing. One is that the metallurgical coal will not have the same pricing characteristics this year that it had last year. And you can read that real simple. It will be cheaper rates for the metallurgical coal. The thermal coal is mostly all under contract, under an annual contract, and has already been priced and it's in place.
Clarence W. Gooden: Okay. I'll answer the second question first. I can't discuss publicly any of our provisions in our contracts with our customers as to how the rates change and move up or down. I can tell you that if this is, in fact, a secular change in the natural gas, that the railroads and the utilities will have to sit down because what we can't do is build a church for Easter Sunday, if you'll pardon the cliché. And we've got to be able to resource -- Oscar has to be able to resource his operations here to some practical level in order to handle this. So I think that will end up being a common ground reach between the carriers, the coal suppliers and the utilities as we move forward.
Clarence W. Gooden: I'm not sure I have an opinion on that. Most of those track structures that the utilities have essentially are loop tracks designed to unload the coal with belts. So I'm not sure where you're heading.
Clarence W. Gooden: John, this is Clarence. Just to elaborate on the question you asked Fredrik. Our business this year -- this quarter, although the volume was only up 1% in total, if you take coal out of that mix, our business was up 6%. And if you look at that first slide that we had in my presentation, 90% of all of our business is either stable or growing. So the way I look at the second quarter other than coal is, I'd look at it very positively.
Clarence W. Gooden: Cherilyn, this is Clarence Gooden, it's interesting you'd ask that question because we discussed that this morning and had some prep. And that is that the number that we used last year was 45 million to 50 million tons in capacity. And what has happened is, is our people who've been handling this coal have gotten more experienced, as the dumpers and stuff now have been replaced and the maintenance and all has been caught up with that, a lot of that capacity was idle. We feel very comfortable in that range.
Clarence W. Gooden: No, I agree with you, Michael. And plus, I'm not so sure that natural gas is going to stay at $1.95, where it is now, because I don't think the gas companies can afford to allow that to happen and justify the drilling.
Clarence W. Gooden: Peter, I'd like to address your comment about the markets and the jitteriness. I mean, if we just step back as we look at our company here, so if we go back to 2006, then our domestic utility, about 1/3 of that business has went away over that 5- to 6-year period. And during that period, we basically, through the diversity and the strength of our overall markets we serve, we've been able to produce record years 5 out of 6 years with that dramatic decline in the utility coal. And right now, as I think Clarence said earlier, it's earning about 10% of our portfolio. So I think somewhat there may be an overconcern about that because we have been experiencing this for half a decade and still been able to produce records year after year.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, Matt, that's difficult for me to give you a finite number on. I would tell you that, as we said, we expect the second quarter is going to be -- look a lot like the first, maybe a little worse in the headwinds there, that's number one. Number two, that we're working with all of the utilities where they have minimums in there. The utilities, themselves, are trying to take the minimums they can. They don't want to pay liquidated damages any more than anyone else, so are the coal companies. So I don't know if that helps you.
Clarence W. Gooden: We have had very little negative feedback or pushback from any of the utilities that we work with. Now having said that, we've had a couple of utilities that's called that understand that with the way things are going in their particular situation, that they may be looking at some potential liquidated damages. And what they've said is, Hey, let's stand out here and try to work together and solve our problems. And it's been all very positive. Now how's that going to impact the 3, 4, 5 years from now? To your point, I've been doing this a long time and I don't -- my crystal ball gets cloudy when I get out there 3, 4 years.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, if I were speculating on that, I would say that to the point Michael made earlier, which is most of the plants that got throttled back here in the near-term were already plants that would -- that the CSAPR rules would've effectively taken out between now and 2015. To the second point that Michael also made earlier is you've got to have a certain amount of baseload coal just to beat the demand. If we have a hot summer here, and I think one of our other analysts just mentioned to predict the summer weather is crazy, and I have to agree with him, but if we have a hot summer here the -- it changes some of the dispatch that you will see the utilities have.
Clarence W. Gooden: That was a metallurgical tariff, and if you'll recall, we had taken that tariff up 2 or 3 times in the last few years when the boom happened in the metallurgical coal. And I don't have the number right here in front of me, but I know with discussions with our coal folks last week that the amount that we've taken down, the tariff is still greater, is still greater than what the tariff rate was when we started taking it up.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, as you probably are aware, the ILA had a very significant policy speech out at the Pacific Maritime Conference about 2 or 3 weeks ago, in which they had at least alluded to possible work stoppages on the East Coast. What our customers have told us that they're doing is evaluating any of the East Coast ports of call that they have to build contingency plans to divert some of that business to the West Coast. And in either event, CSX will still haul our share of that business.
Clarence W. Gooden: Well, we had already seen over the last several years, as Michael spoke to earlier, the Illinois Basin coal starting to grow. We had several utilities that had already switched over to the Illinois Basin coal. It's got lower cost mining characteristics. It's got higher BTU content. And given the fact that the power plants now are all essentially scrubbed, the sulfur content is of little consequence there. And so and in those rate structures, the longer length to haul out the Illinois Basin versus some of the Central App locations is more favorable to us in our rate and pricing.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, I think -- this is Fredrik. I think first of all, in the first quarter, there was really no impact of that. And if there would be liquidated damages going forward, and I think that's on a customer-by-customer basis, that we will sit down and talk to that customer, it would really not show up in the line also. It would be show up in other revenue. And at this point, as we look out for the next few quarters, we don't see a material impact of that.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Well, as we said, obviously, there's a big number here in the first quarter. We expect it to moderate in the second and then kind of level out in the fourth on incentive comp, specifically. Now cost per employee has some other factors in it as well, which we talked about as well, which is that the health and welfare cost is a little bit lower this year than it was last year and that's helping. The unemployment tax rate is lower this year than last year as well.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes, I think that's the right place to be thinking about it, as flat. Obviously, we will adjust up and down depending on the demand levels. But right now, our crystal ball is saying that we're in a pretty good place.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: No, I don't think that changes cause. I think we've been consistent, around 16% to 17%. Then for the next few years, that looks like the right place to be.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes. If you look at the overall target of getting 65, as Michael indicated and I indicated in my comments, it's obviously more difficult now than it was a year ago. There are certain pillars that needs to be achieved in order to get there. And clearly, utility coal has to stabilize at some point. We don't know when that is, if that is sometime later this year or early 2013, but it has to stabilize. We can't have this headwind along the way. That obviously doesn't work. Where that specifically is, I think, I don't think we're in a position to say, but it has to stabilize. And then you look at the other components on the top line side, we do need a robust economic recovery that continues in line of what we've seen here. We need our continued inflation plus pricing, and you probably need Export Coal to stay as robust as we're seeing it here right now. And then on the productivity side, as Mike alluded to before, we need to continue to see that 130 plus in order to get there. So we need to hit on all cylinders in order to still achieve that number.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes. We're looking at record levels, operating income, EBITDA, earnings per share, and, yes, that would include that $19 million as it will continue in the second and third quarter, and then moderate out in the fourth quarter.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: Yes. That is correct. If you look back at last year, we were in a different trajectory that point. So we had significant amount of incentive comp in the first half. And then as the economy slowed down and we did some of the resource additions in the second half, we reversed some of the incentive comp last year in the second half. And so the comparisons will be easier as you get to the second half of this year. So we expect it to moderate in the second quarter and then once you get to the second half, probably flat year-over-year.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: That's correct. We took advantage of what we saw was very attractive rates to the marketplace and prefunded what otherwise would've been funded the next several years. So at this point, we don't see any additional funding required.
Fredrik J. Eliasson: On the inflation, a couple of things there that we talked about. First of all, we have some new contracts with our union members, and we have a little bit better cost share in the health and welfare side that is helping us. Then, we also have lower contribution year-over-year into the unemployment fund, the railroad unemployment fund, which is also helping. In terms of how we compare to the global insight, our forecast, over time, we should be pretty close. There could be some variations quarter by quarter but over time, it should be very, very close.
Oscar Munoz: This is Oscar. Not on Intermodal, but we still have plenty of capacity there. I mean, I think the merge in the Intermodal world, we have 10% to 15% capacity on these areas. So we'll continue to put a lot of the volume that we're getting on to that network. The extra starts was due to new markets for our new customer.
Oscar Munoz: Chris, I've forgotten how to do all that math. It's amazing how quickly it changes, Chris. We are well on path and feel very comfortable about 130-plus number. We're not yet prepared to give a full number with regards to that, but we'll probably do that here in the next couple of quarters. And with regards to the operating ratio performance, I mean, it's always been a big factor in that incremental margin. And I don't want to take any particular number on that one, but it's -- the important part is over the course of the year, our productivity efforts are well -- started very well and will continue for the rest of the year.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. So the coal asset reduction is an incremental piece. The 130 productivity is an ongoing initiative that we have in the company. And as business conditions allow, we'll take more of that cost management aspect. So it will be incremental to our 130. And I think your question was asked before in a couple of different manners to try to ascertain what the actual number was in the first quarter. It was significant as that we've made great progress to the number we have for the year. I'm not quite ready to share the full year number just yet.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. That's, gosh, it's been a great quarter for the industry with regards to that, and we'll take it. Trying to quantify that is a little bit more difficult. We tend to be better at quantifying the impact when we hit adverse conditions. But let me tell you how I've kind of looked at it to, in essence, assure myself that we've actually run better. If you take the sequential view from the fourth quarter of last year to this quarter, it was roughly the same kind of quarter, roughly same level of workload, roughly same number of resources and roughly, to some degree, the same kind of weather pattern. And the quarter-over-quarter sequential improvement in those are, as our charge talked about, on those trend lines actually improved. So there was definite improvement, sequentially. The mild weather helped both quarters, so, but it's hard to quantify specifically.
Oscar Munoz: Definitely. That's how I look at it. If you look at the sequential numbers, again, roughly the same kind of quarter, that's where I get. That's where I've been able to make that statement.
Oscar Munoz: In terms of just the lag piece first, we did have a little bit of a negative lag in the first quarter. We had even a greater lag last year in the first quarter. In terms of fuel efficiency, as you saw, we had a little deterioration there, but that's predominantly due to the fact that we have more locomotives on our property here in the first quarter. And the same thing was true in the fourth quarter. So that's really the reason for the degradation in the efficiency numbers.
Oscar Munoz: Ben, it's Oscar. Clearly, while there are very specific needs for a specific utility customer that we don't see a large forecast for, we are clearly moderating. But I think to Fred's point, it's not as significant you think given the fungibility of our track network that we use and the fact that we are growing our business in all the other aspects besides that.
Oscar Munoz: Well, I think, there's a -- as we said, the second quarter because of the 2 factors that we mentioned in the presentation, first of all, the fact that utility coal continues to be very weak and you couple that with where the export tariff changes that we made and the pricing impact on that, and we haven't lapped the resource additions that we made in the second half of last year, that is what makes that quarter as challenging as it is.
