Michael Ward: Thank you, Fredrik. As you’ve heard this morning this first quarter was certainly more challenging than most. And again I thank our employees and customers for their perseverance and patience over these past few months. As I look ahead, we have the right people and resources in place. And we’re working hard to return our network to the high levels of service and reliability that we have consistently produced for our customers while remaining a leader in one of the nation’s safest industries. With that as a foundation, I’m confident in the company’s ability to deliver modest growth for the full year 2014 and become more effective serving broad markets that will put the company in a position to sustain positive earnings momentum over the long haul. In that regard, we are particularly optimistic about the opportunities and plans to support increases in the intermodal and merchandise markets. Put another way, the underlying strength of our network and team coupled with a more stable domestic coal environment and a growing economy gives us confidence that in 2015 and beyond, CSX should again sustain margin expansion and double-digits earning growth. With that, we’re pleased to take your questions.
Michael Ward: Ken, it is Michael. The other thing I’d add to that is obviously with that demand which I think we’re doing a reasonable job of handling, it does slow your ability to recover. And I think the other thing I would point out, the Chicago as you know is a key interchange. And I think all the major carriers have issues around Chicago and those will take time to work through. And it does have a cascading impact on the rest of the network. So, we will continue to improve. I think the reason we used gradual several times, because we don’t think this is going to snap back immediately and that’s [to] try to make people understand that.
Michael Ward: Well, we used our reengaging one plan, we still use the one plan to run our railroad, but I’m not overly concerned. I think the demand levels we’re seeing out there we can handle, we will work through. So I don’t see that as a major risk. I think it really adds more like as Oscar said, it’s an opportunity for us to help regain some of that lost earnings in the first quarter.
Michael Ward: Well, as Fred alluded to one, obviously the coal is a high margin business and our portfolio has changed. But we’re very optimistic, if we look at our intermodal and merchandise growth, it is good margin business. And we think as we go forward, if you look at our value creation we drove in the decade prior to this, it was about two-thirds price and one-third productivity. As we look at the company going forward, we still see strong value creation opportunities that are being more balanced, not exactly a third; a third; a third, but it’s going to be continued productivity, continued pricing above rail inflation and adding the element of growth. The intermodal margins are very nice now that we have basically double stack economics and the density of lanes and the other business we’re growing the crude by rail, the growth in our other merchandise businesses are all good margin businesses that will help drive us to that mid 60s operating ratio long-term.
Michael Ward: Well, we do need the coal to stabilize and we think we’re getting fairly close to that point now. This cold winter, the early blessing of this cold winter is a big drawdown to the stockpiles. Actually as Clarence alluded to, the demand in the north is very strong and actually the stockpiles are below where they ideally would like to have them. And the overhang we’ve been living within the south for the last couple of years, about three quarters of that was eliminated here. So, we really do see that domestic is very strong…
Michael Ward: Yes Jeff, this is Michael. So, on the export of 7/11 which is the [met leave] proposal as you’re well aware, we did testify at the March 26th hearing opposing that proposal, because it basically provides no public benefit at all. The early possible beneficiaries -- and you may recall there is a study commissioned by the STB a number of years ago by the Christensen Group is that very few shippers would benefit to the detriment of everyone else and we think that’s still true. It would degrade service, it would introduce uncertainty in the marketplace, disrupt our plans for growth and capital investments, strain prior investments. And if you think about it, our witness Cressey Brown that day at the hearing did say that you could introduce a perpetual winter like we’ve just seen because you’ve been putting unnatural moves in there. So, we’re hopeful that the STB in its wisdom will not do anything to disrupt what is working quite well today for our customers. On the side of the revenue adequacy piece, we actually welcome that examination. As you know, that’s an issue that’s I think right for examination in that, no time of the past [leveraging] but anywhere close to revenue adequacy. Some of us are approaching that, but those issues around what is sustained revenue adequacy, how many years do you have to be doing it through a business cycle, what is the appropriate criteria. And we really welcomed that examination to try to bring better clarity to what will happen as the railroads continue to grow in their financial health. And you’d like to bring a question of replacement cost into that equation, because we do have to replace old assets with new dower. So, we think that’s really right one and we’re glad that they call for it.
Michael Ward: Two things; one, you’re certainly correct that we need to put some better infrastructure and that is the create project which we’re in the process of working and there is money from the railroads, from the state of Illinois and federal money to improve the fluidity in Chicago. But I will remind you though, friendly we looked at the statistics in Chicago going back to I think it was 1871, they kept records from then. Normally you can have a cold winter or you can a snowy winter, you’d rarely have both. This was the third snowiest winter in Chicago, the third coldest winter in Chicago. I think they had 32 snow days, they closed schools in Chicago, which is really rare. So, this is an extraordinarily tough winter that exacerbated some of the natural challenges in Chicago. So yes, as an industry we are putting more capital in there, but I think we do need to put the context of how severe this winter was when we think of what happened this year.
Michael Ward: Well, quite frankly the railroad piece, the money for the railroad elements of it because create not only helps the rail freight infrastructure; it also helps the commuters, it also helps the interface at [gray] crossings and those sorts of things. The money related to the rail freight infrastructure is being provided by the rails today. The federal and state money for the other aspects, the commuter and the interface, crossings et cetera is coming a little bit slower just because of some of the budget challenges in those states comparatively. So, that’s moving at a slower pace, but the freight piece is moving forward faster.
Michael Ward: Yes Cherilyn, this is Michael. We acquired the Elliston sub of this Canadian National in our swap ratio. When they acquired the EJ&E, they didn’t need that route any more. So, we acquired that from them and we are currently once this weather is broken we are making improvements to that route to allow additional fluidity in the Chicago area.
Michael Ward: But I would add to that, the economy is forecast to grow let’s call roughly 3%. We think our merchandise and intermodal business we can grow faster than that rate as we did last year, we will do this year as well. So we will be some amount above what that economy is doing with the great service product we’ve been providing. So, we do need to temper down a little bit, because it is pent-up demand, but it’s also a strong demand in the base business.
Michael Ward: David, this is Michael. One, I think what I think is the slower operating margin growth; I don’t know that I’d necessary agree to that base premise. I mean if we look at our business and strip out the effect of the loss of that coal business over the last couple of years, we are in the high single to low double-digits growth on the other businesses, and once we get through this transition, we will produce that kind of growth. Now to do that we have to make the investments necessary to support it, so that 16% to 17% of revenues that we’ve held with the last few years, we still think that is the appropriate level. We do need to make strategic investments in our intermodal as we’re going to capture that growth opportunity, we think there are 9 million truckloads out there that we can go after and we have to make the investments necessary to do so. So we still think the 16 to 17 is the appropriate level and it will produce value for our shareholders as we grow the business and the margins.
Michael Ward: No, because of lots of lower revenue doesn’t mean it’s a lower margin. So if we look at the margins on the intermodal business it’s as good as our other margins for our merchandise businesses. So, as good margin business it’s lower RPU, but what we get paid for doing is producing margin not necessarily revenue per unit. So we think it’s good business and we’ll lower the overall RPU, but we’ll increase our profitability, which is what we really need to do.
Michael Ward: Well one of the things that we are seeing as a result of the expansion in the oil and the gas industry is a lot of the development is happening in the Marcellus area with fractionators either located on CSX or on the short lines that be into CSX. We have 5 new fractionating facilities located on. So each one of those are producing between 15 and 20 cars a day of byproducts of the gas industry that are coming on to CSX. That’s positive for us. We have 2 new ethylene crackers that have been announced on CSX as a result of that. So those tend to be for lack better phrase, [annuities] going forward for us on CSX. So you are seeing a lot of developments in those areas. In the last I guess 18 months we have seen a lot of activity in general in industrial development as economies begin to expand with new industries on CSX. I think last year we announced almost $1.5 billion, $2 billion worth of new industries that are locating on CSX. So you are seeing a lot of economic activity now as economy is getting to expand.
Michael Ward: So we’re putting infrastructure in because we do think that Illinois Basin is going to be a continual growing market for us.
Michael Ward: Okay. Our export coal business is priced on quarterly basis. So our ability to leverage and to response to the marketplace, we would be able to do so on a quarterly basis.
Michael Ward: Well, everyone thank you for your attendance, interest in the company. And we’ll talk to you again next quarter.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. So, just take a different year, so first of all, we said modest earnings growth for 2014. And while we feel strong and have good confidence in what we see for 2015 as the year by itself, we’re pretty bullish about the macro factors that we’re seeing, we’re pretty bullish about the fact as we get the network running better again, but 2015 by itself will be very strong year. The question is, will it be strong enough to make up for the fact that we’re only making modest gains this year. And that’s left to be seen. Clearly the domestic market on the coal side has gone stronger over the last few months. But at the same time, we continue to see the export coal market deteriorate. So it’s a little hard at this point to be too bullish about that part of the market. And so, instead of getting into individual component, what I have said throughout the quarter has been, so I am overseeing things right now for 2015, we are going to need some help as we think about this thing from a bottoms up perspective. And that help in coming different forms are going to come in terms of export market firming up, a little bit more domestic coal, little bit better pricing, more productivity, we just don’t know. But overall 2015 by itself would be very strong year and it’s just not sure it’s going to be as strong enough to make up for the modest earnings growth we are seeing here in 2014.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think the same thing holds true there in order to get to that sub 70 offering ratio, we are going to also need some help from where we are seeing things today. It doesn’t mean we can’t get there, we certainly going to -- we certainly target it, we are trying to get there but we are going to need some help from where we are seeing things today.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. I would say that probably flattish is a good way to think about the second quarter. I think we feel very good about the top-line. I think that you have still those things to cycle that you talked about real estate gains based on that what I said earlier liquidated damage probably down a little bit in the second quarter as well. And then we will have some lingering cost there for a period of time because of the fact that our network is not running as well, but offsetting that is a more vibrant top-line especially in the coal side and we expect it. So I think flattish is probably good place in the second quarter and then from there, we have to produce earnings growth for the rest of the year to get into that modest earnings growth for the year.
Fredrik Eliasson: I would think that based on what you’ve seen here in the last few weeks where volumes are up double-digit that that would be a good assumption.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. So obviously it was a noisy quarter in terms of the ins and outs. But I think you are right, if you do adjust for the real estate gains in both the years, you adjust for the fact that you did have weather impact here, and you will see that you had modest earnings growth year-over-year. And now that’s an even factor in also the fact that we had taken our export rate down quite significantly. So once you adjust for all these things, we as I said in my previous answers, the core earnings growth of our company and margin expansion is still very healthy, we’re just dealing with a lot of factors right now that we have to cycle through. And as we get through this, real estate gains will be behind us here as we get through the second quarter where the tail end I think of what we reasonably can do on the export side; and the rest of the business is doing good; coal on the domestic side is coming back. We feel we’re going to return back to normal incremental margins going forward. But it’s just a lot of noise right now that prevents us from coming down to the bottom line.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, we had a -- this is a state legislative tax change that impacted our earnings by $0.02 here in this quarter that made effective tax rate 34%. If you just ask for that, we were right at 37.6%. So, our guidance has always been somewhere around 38%, that’s very conservative place to be and then we think that we should be the place going forward as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: So maybe David will talk about it later, but there is -- nothing has changed in terms of our overall tax and we would like to of course have a lower tax rate. But nothing is imminent around that.
Fredrik Eliasson: Sure. And I won’t say we have abandoned it, what we said is that we need some help from where we see things today. As we do a bottoms up view of thing, we are going to need some help and that help can come from different places, it doesn’t have to be from export coal, but particular to that while Clarence up, you are right, our export coal market has done better than we’ve thought from a volume perspective, as you also heard, we will continue to make adjustments on the right side to make sure we optimize our bottom line and of course try to do what we can to keep the U.S. producers in the business. At these low levels in terms of underlying commodity prices, it is unknown to us or it’s difficult for us to predict, how long this would be able to sustain, how long will the producers be able to be competitive in marketplace. So until we see some sort of an uptick there, it’s hard to be too bullish on 2015 in terms of what our overall volumes will do. But it's not defined to that, if we can as I said earlier get help from other places as well in terms of more price, more productivity, the economy is doing well. And so we continue to target, we continue to think that that's where we want to be. At the same time, one of the things that we try to do as a company is to be very transparent about how we see things and that's really I think pretty consistent with the two public appearance I had in the quarter in terms of saying what we need in order to be able to get there. We certainly haven't given up volume, we certainly haven't abandoned it.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes, we think about pulling the three levers that we have, price, volume, productivity, so we do a long-term modeling. We still feel comfortable that we will be able to get that mid 60s level, obviously it’s taken longer than we expected for that, because of the fact that we have lost $800 million from coal revenue in two years alone here and we still have some headwinds, we're facing this year. But even at the current levels as we model things out, we will get there overtime, it’s just look at longer than we had anticipated originally.
Fredrik Eliasson: No, no, we expect growth in the mid to high single-digits for the rest of this year in 2014 in domestic coal.
Fredrik Eliasson: 2 to 3 years, right now you’re right; it’s running just slightly above 50% in both of those markets. So, we expect to see growth continuing in both, particularly in the Illinois Basin coals.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. Thank you, Ken. I appreciate that. So, the gradual recovery is based upon exactly the volume that we are seeing, so both backlog as well as the increased demand and again, our balance between productivity and ensuring superior service levels. And so we’re making sure that everyone understands that we -- our balance is geared towards our customer. And the volume that we’re seeing today is if you think of our sort of annual peak periods weeks 9 through week 23 is kind of at the peak of it. So right now we’re probably in the highest point of workload we’re going to have in the course of the year and we’re slightly improving. So we feel pretty confident around that. Now given that fact we’re bringing on some more locomotives, we continue to bring crews out of training and of course doing the hiring if required. But now the volume is a very welcome event for us after a couple of years of being in relatively dry.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. Just to add to that that Brandon also, in terms of the underlying core earnings power of our company over the last two years, it’s been pretty strong. I mean we’re still thinking of double-digit earnings range. The issue has been $800 million of coal revenue that has gone away. And in this year we are still seeing some headwinds in coal, which is why we only feel that we are going to have modest earnings growth. But we are pretty confident as I said once we get through this transition that we are going to return to the more normalized earnings growth going forward.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. Hi Scott, it's Oscar. Seeing the operations no longer the financial guy can always use a little more capital here and there. But generally we had adequate level of resources; it’s just that the winter conditions were harsher than in a long, long period of time, which created a little bit of a log jam. I think there is a high level of learnings we’ve had operationally that we’ll obviously include, but we went into the year, into the start of the year with low locomotives, we’ve done a lot of the work on the plan of road over the course of time. And so from a long-term perspective, there are places that we will strategically sort of review with the coming thing, but nothing immediately evident that would have been that helpful. Chicago land terminal, which as you know is the interchange between all of the different railroads that’s where the [create] project is really making a lot of that investment. And I think continuing that is probably the biggest investment the industry can make to make that fluidity in that location better.
Oscar Munoz: I think a lot of that is pent-up demand, but at the same time though we still feel that the economy, as I said in prepared remarks, continues to be very vibrant and we are also seeing our coal business now finally is picking up. So the underlying volume trend is also very positive, but there is no doubt that there is a fair amount of that double-digit volume growth that is related to just catching up of things we didn’t move in the first quarter.
Oscar Munoz: I think what we have said is that, that is one market that we are concerned about in terms of how long we can see the sort of positive volume despite having the underlying commodity markets as weak as they are, but we haven’t given a specific number in terms of what we are assuming for 2015.
Oscar Munoz: Well, in terms of the mid 60s, we’ve talked about earlier on the call today. And we -- because of the fact that we’ve lost so much momentum in the $800 million of coal revenue that’s gone away, it has been pushed out longer than we have originally anticipated, we are going to have to get there little differently than our original plans, but we are still confident and as we look at our long-term modeling, as we look at our pricing, productivity and volume opportunities that we will get there, we are not going to put a timeframe on it today, but clearly that we need to be long term in order to be able to reinvest in the business the way we wanted to be able to do.
Clarence Gooden: Ken this is Clarence. I think you will see the coal RPUs will be very similar to what you saw in the first quarter. Our utility north business was up about 22% in the first quarter and that tends to carry a lower RPU; our southern utility was down about 6% in the first quarter and our rates on our export coal as we mentioned were slightly down. So that mix that particular mix will tend to carry through here in the second quarter, so you will see something very similar on the RPU going forward.
Clarence Gooden: Well, it’s a little too soon Chris to sort of see what this export coal business going to do. Frankly it’s a lot stronger this first quarter than I anticipated that it would be. So, we are sticking with sort of mid 30s throughout the year. We have got in the second quarter right now about 80% of what we project for the quarter is tied up under contracts. And that’s obviously subject to market conditions. We think we have hit pretty much the bottom of where the global price of coal is going to be. The thermal is very low right now in Europe; the metallurgical prices are very low over in Queensland right now. So, as we move towards the middle of the year, we expect to see a more firming in the rate structure, and we can tell you a little bit more towards the middle of the year what it looks like. But right now, we are sticking pretty much to the mid 30 ton, mid 30s in the export market.
Clarence Gooden: Well Rob, this is Clarence. We expect that our growth in coal continues in through 2015. In fact the growth for the rest of this year in utility coal will be in the mid to the high single digits as a lot of those plants that Fredrik has talked about is that will be closed in those years in terms of tons, the other plants that will remain open will simply run harder to absorb those tonnage.
Clarence Gooden: Well as I said earlier on the mix side, the [plus point] preponderantly in the mix, the utility coal which carries a much lower rate than those, the northern utility coal which carries a much lower rate than the southern utility coal is up about 22% this year. The southern utility coal which carries a considerably higher rate due to the much longer length of haul was down about 6% then when you put it in the export coal which we said has been slightly down in terms of rates. Those three combinations that put down have led to the lower RPU, very little of that has been driven at all by the fixed variable charges in our coal rates. So, that’s the principle preponderant drive.
Clarence Gooden: Not really, it was a single account in the north that the customers put up more competitive bid and involved the one-time issue. So, we really haven’t had many opportunities in that area at all.
Clarence Gooden: Very little is driving our domestic gain in that area, most of it has been a result of a burn in the northern utilities and their stockpile depletion.
Clarence Gooden: Two answers, it was definitely and specifically weather related, it was definitely a mix, it was in our door-to-door product, it had almost 2.5% impact, it was in the spot market where we couldn't price because of the weather-related issues this quarter. The other pricing, the other areas was positive. Yes, we are seeing a firming in the spot market with truck capacity tightening up in the U.S. in just about every regional area that we serve. So, you are seeing a more firming in the truck pricing.
Clarence Gooden: Walter I guess someone was to hint me up (inaudible) what are you really guiding? I’m guiding that this market is very volatile that has a $120 a ton in Queensland, you will get there, your guess is as good as mine, it is extremely volatile. With thermal coal sale in Europe between $75 and $79 a ton, some of the things we’ve seen in the first quarter really defy what has been historical norm. It’s highly speculative, we’ve worked with our producers to try to stay in the marketplace right now and it’s just too soon for us to bid on. So we’ve got a fairly clear line of sight of what the next two, three months look like, but to tell you what the third and fourth quarter looks like is just going way out in the [lamp].
Clarence Gooden: Well, you saw core inflation was around 1.4% from global insight. When you took coal out of the mix, we were about 2.6% that was down from what it was a year ago, which was around 3.3% in the merchandise and the intermodal markets. So, we are pricing above rail inflation in our basic markets. The coal markets are being mainly impacted and influenced what's happening in the global coal market. So I would tell you that we are seeing stability in our general freight, in our general merchandise markets. As we are seeing capacity demands as just witnessed by the previous questions, we think that will firm up through the year as we go forward from where we are today. Depending on what happens to these coal markets, we think we have seen the near bottom start to approach in global markets in coal. So, the trend should be upward in the future in there.
