Fredrik Eliasson: Sure, Ken. So, well obviously now we have a detailed plan after we have reviewed it with our board that is behind this guidance. Clearly, as you know, seldom does long-term plan exactly end up as the way that you expect them to when you put them in place. So we are going to have to continue to be flexible and adapt, just like we have over the last couple years to produce these sort of results through whatever economic environment that we are seeing. I would say, overall, underlying those assumptions, is essentially a flat coal environment versus what we are seeing basically between export and domestic an overall flat environment. On the overall economy, I would say the same thing we are going to see slowly a recovering economy. Nothing more than what we have seen here over the last year or so. You couple that with continued inflation plus pricing and the productivity focus that we have shown here over the last two years, that is really the foundation for our long-term guidance. So we know that we are going to continue to be flexible and adapt to whatever environment we have and then continue to push the same sort of leverage that we have over the last few years.
Fredrik Eliasson: Over this period of time, between domestic and export, clearly there could be periods where one is up but one is down but overall, I would say that our view is that between the two it will be flattish during this period of time
Fredrik Eliasson: Thomas, you know that our prioritization is pretty straight forward. First it's about investing in our business. Second is the dividend and third is our share repurchase program. And based on available cash flow that we have, we think we are going to have coupled with some use of our balance sheet within the context of improving credit profile. That's how we determine the amount of share buyback that we will do. When we look at the next few years, we see two things that is impacting the sizing of the program specifically, first of all is the fact that our PTC spending is ramping up a little bit more and that is impacting the size of the program and then second we are also are seeing the reversal starting to happen, because the last couple of years for bonus depreciation. So, bonus depreciation has been a wonderful tailwind for the last couple years in terms of free cash flow and we are now getting to the point where we are starting to see that minimizing the impact of the positive impact of that. In fact as we get into '14 and '15 are going to see the negative impact from that, so that is considered in that sizing of that program.
Fredrik Eliasson: Scott, in regards to coal and what expectations are, I outlined earlier that we think that it's going to be flattish overall, clearly, from where we are here in 2013 and the guidance we have provided. But we also said seldom do the plans actually work out exactly that you expect. So we are going to continue to be flexible and if one of those markets are a little bit weaker, we will have to find other opportunities either on the top line or on the cost side to try to offset that.
Fredrik Eliasson: So here, in the first quarter incentive comp headwind was about $7 million year-over-year. And as outlined in my comments, we think it's going to be about 15 in the second quarter to reset the targets and we now have the broader application of the bonuses to include a larger portion of our union employees as well. As we look at the second half, they will be probably little bit more than that, probably closer to the 20 on average.
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Fredrik. I think that we have seen the vast majority of the liquidated damage that we expect for the year in the first quarter, so I wouldn't expect to or there's no need to really build in a lot more after this. We will certainly update you and being transparent as we do get them going forward just as we have in the past.
Fredrik Eliasson: Yes. I think that's the best place. If you look back over the last few years that seems to be the place where it normal normalizes.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, we are going to continue to make sure that we approach it the same way we have approached it the last couple years in regards to the balanced approach and we are going to size the share repurchase program based on whatever free cash flow that we have available including using whatever debt capacity we have and clearly as you know we also had to go into the year a significant amount of pre-funding done on our balance sheet because of taking advantage of some attractive rates last fall. So our cash balances are relatively high going into the year.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think you should really just think about it from the relationship between deferred taxes and our GAAP taxes. So it doesn’t really impact whatever you see on the P&L side. It really does impacts the ability to continue to defer some of our taxes.
Fredrik Eliasson: I think as you've seen here over the last few years, we continue to have great success in intermodal conversion in intermodal space and we certainly expect that during this period as well.
Fredrik Eliasson: Well, I do think that you're right. I think that as we continue to grow that business we do see a economies of scale that is going to be helpful. At the same time though, intermodal also is the toughest part of the business because of pricing. So you are very much dependent on making sure that you create that leverage as you move forward. As we said, intermodal is a profitable business to us. It is with par with most of our merchandise market and we want to grow as much as we possibly can. So we are excited about the opportunity. We are excited by the 9 million loads and we are going to continue to grow that market at a faster rate than the overall economy.
Fredrik Eliasson: This is Fredrik. We are going to continue to make sure that we are responsive to whatever market conditions we are seeing. So in a flattish environment, we expect our headcount to remain flattish. Obviously, we are going to see what we can do on the productivity side but then if we see a ramp up in volume here in the second and third and fourth quarter we are going to see some adjustments to our headcount but hopefully not a one-to-one ratio.
Clarence Gooden: Well, thanks, Brandon. We have about four different facilities right now in the East that we have the capability of serving directly, and we are currently doing that through the average of about seven and nine trains a week. The limiting factor on what the long-term growth of that will be as you are aware is the production capabilities, particularly in the Bakken in the eastern market. So it's, for us is going to be driven by what the production capabilities are, not by what the demand is.
Clarence Gooden: Chris, we are looking for those coal yields to be flat on a basis going forward and that's subject to any fluctuation that we could have in the fuel surcharge application that’s' coming in.
Clarence Gooden: I think it's the latter. It provides us support against any further downward movement. Those prices that it's just been announced at Queensland, an effort by the producers to push the rates up what actually settles in the market traditionally has been slightly lower number.
Clarence Gooden: The comps in the second quarter are actually better, because we had a terrible second quarter last year in domestic coal. The third and fourth quarters tend to even out a little bit more.
Clarence Gooden: In the North, we've seen some response to the gas prices, particularly where Powder River basin and Northern Appalachian coals are being used. In the South, the inventory levels are still at persistently high levels, and so that's going to be determined mainly by the weather and by the price of natural gas, but we expect those stockpiles to stay fairly high throughout the year.
Clarence Gooden: It's the latter that the year-over-year comps are growing a little bit more challenging as we go forward. It is a fact that the API 2 index numbers as you are aware come down, but we think they are starting to stabilize and actually the forward curve on the API 2 through the second, third, fourth quarters and through 2014 is actually increasing.
Clarence Gooden: Well not all, but a [part of is] [ph] of the thermal exports, particularly in to Europe, are tied to the API 2 index. Our rates don't go up as fast nor do they go down as fast as the API 2 index does. A large percentage of our contracts would be on a take-or-pay basis although there is a certain amount of those thermal contracts that are on a spot market basis.
Clarence Gooden: Well, we have the highway initiative called highway to rail conversion, in which we go out with a specialized sales force that we have to the beneficial cargo owners and through our other intermediary channels and we discuss with him our profits, our opportunities. We have an optimizer that can take their freight and determine what is best suited for either long-term, short-term, rail - term being to find the distance. So we are doing that initiative. We are opening up new markets, the Montréal market that we discussed on the call, will be we think a very lucrative market for us on the domestic side serving over 7 million people. Our expansion at Fairburn has been indicative of what we see happening in our domestic growth. We will be opening a new terminal in Winter Haven, Florida, here before long that will expand further in that central and lower central Florida market which is very fast-growing. We have got new construction happening now in Baltimore, as we speak. We have expansions in Columbus that we just completed. New terminal in Louisville, Kentucky that we just completed, which I am pleased to announce is almost at capacity and has been wildly successful for us. So a combination of all those factors leads us to believe that we are going to have a good continued growth in our intermodal market.
Clarence Gooden: I don’t remember saying anything about the sequestration. We haven't seen any impact from it that I am aware of.
Clarence Gooden: Our military shipments have been down. This is second, almost third year in row, that our military shipments have been down. They are mainly being impacted, on a year-over-year basis, by the war material that we were sending overseas. Unfortunately because of the, say fortunately, it depends on your perspective, but from mine, as an American, bringing down our troops abroad has been a positive thing for the country and but negatively impacted our numbers. 
Clarence Gooden: Tom, first, good morning. It is good to talk with you. Number two is, we are not having seven to nine a day. Its seven to nine a week.
Clarence Gooden: Well, first I think it's great to see that the rail industry in general is doing well. That's a positive thing for all of us. If you look in the East, what you will essentially see between the two carriers is that we have some issues in our coal franchise versus NS and their intermodal growth rates have been higher than ours. As I outlined to you earlier, we have terminal expansions in place. We will have over 90% of our network doublestack cleared here very soon. So we feel very positive about what our growth rates are. I think with the 9 million truckload opportunity in the East, there is a lot of business out there for everybody.
Clarence Gooden: Okay, Scott, I will go first and Fredrik will go second. On the export tons, as we mentioned earlier, we expect it still to be about 40 million. We told you originally, that the split will be about 50-50. It came in this quarter about 57-43. As we forecast throughout the year, we expect it to be somewhere in the 50-50 range, if its anything it could tend towards being more favorable to the met.
Clarence Gooden: I would tell you, first off on the brent and WTI and the Bakken spreads that are all pretty tightening up. That’s a commodity-based number that’s going to do what its going to do on a worldwide global basis. So its just very difficult to predict that that’s going to be. On the profit margins for the crude, it is very profitable for us. It's probably not what a lot of people think. Its not coal, if that's the question that you're asking but it is a very profitable part of our business for us.
Clarence Gooden: Well, the met obviously goes at a higher rate than the thermal does, pricing right? Because the commodity type and what demand in the marketplace in there. As you know, we've seen downward pressure on both and I would say that downward pressure has been equally between the two markets just at a different level.
Clarence Gooden: Now, it's not going more direct marketing, but is going more direct to the customers themselves. We do that jointly with our intermediaries, but we want to make sure that the bit ultimate beneficial cargo owners are very cognizant of what our capabilities are, or values that we could offer to those customers and how we can best serve them and in what markets.
Clarence Gooden: So far we have not seen any additional pickup for the drill count and sales. We are seeing an increase in the amount frac sand that we are moving into the Marcellus.
Clarence Gooden: Well, John, one, we see it as a major opportunity for us. We do a lot of business today in and out of Mexico, both container riseable as well as a boxcar freight and automotive businesses in and out of the Mexico. I haven’t really thought about it terms of comparables but as crude by rail, the Mexican market, for us, is a very large market and I hope that crude by rail grows as fast as Mexico has.
Clarence Gooden: Anthony, this is Clarence. We don’t have any other commodities that we specifically tied in other lines of business. We specifically have tied to commodity prices. And on the crude pricing it will not follow the spreads.
Clarence Gooden: Well, I think that clearly the liquidated damages that we have in context today are different than they were a few years ago when we essentially had both min and max as sort of in contrast and that the liquidated damages today are a lot smaller than they used to be. I think that's a trend that we expect to continue going forward as well.
Clarence Gooden: We think it gives CSX a competitive advantage. We have ground storage at all three of our major exporting terminals that allows our customers to blend the coal if they have the coal there available for immediate loading as well as the asset utilization.
Oscar Munoz: Absolutely. I mean if you think of the way we've been getting at these numbers, I mean we get them through asset utilization, technology improvements, resource planning sort of dynamic communication tools that allow us to sort of literally use a lot less resources in the critical first and last mile with our customers and we think there is ample opportunity there within our existing structure regardless of what happens in the macro environment, so that our future view on our productivity targets is very solid and will continue.
Oscar Munoz: Yes. This is Oscar, Ben. I think it's a mixture of several things. Our southern utility coal normal longer haul is where our volume declined or as you think that would be shrinking, but we've got increases in export coal in Newport News, which is affecting that mix, we've got a high percentage of stuff coming from the Illinois basin which has a little bit longer haul and then in the Northeast where we are growing we have lesser declines in the Northeast in the mid-Atlantic utilities which kind of contribute to the longer haul. So, mix of all of those factors it's just traffic mix. It's nothing more sort of broader oriented development.
Oscar Munoz: Well, I am not going to get into quarterly guidance but based on what we said here earlier, we had about $52 million between the liquidated damages and the close agreement associated with the conveyance of our formerly owned subsidiary that impacted us favorably this quarter. So if you adjust for that, you get to a different run rate and then as you have seen, I guess, a little bit in regards to what you are alluding to, the seasonality is perhaps not as strong as it has been in the past, but there is still seasonality especially in the second quarter and the third quarter. We know third quarter with the automotive shut down and some of the coal holidays and so forth. So there is still seasonality there but I do think you need to change the starting point and once you do that I think it makes more sense versus the historical pattern.
Jason Seidl - Cowen Securities: A couple of questions. I guess I will focus on the pricing side. One, you obviously mentioned a little bit of weakness on the export side. I don’t think that’s of any surprise. I don’t know if you could split out some comments between thermal and met. Two, just to clarify one of the question, I think Bill asked about some of the pricing dynamic in the East. It just doesn't seem, at least from your results, that there is any aggressive pricing between you and the NS going along right now. I just wanted to make sure that that is the case.
Jason Seidl - Cowen Securities: I am saying aggressive, are you guys getting more one aggressive with trying to steal freight from one and other. I think that was sort of the crux of those questions.
Jason Seidl - Cowen Securities: Met versus thermal in terms of export pricing, I mean, you talked about pricing in general. I was wondering if you could parse out both of them.
