Michelle Spolver: Thank you, John. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on this conference call to discuss Fortinet's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2014. With me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO and Drew Del Matto, CFO. In terms of the structure of the call, Drew will begin with a review of our operating results before turning the call over to Ken to provide additional perspective on our business and product advantages. Drew will then conclude with some thoughts on our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2014 before we open up the call for questions. As a reminder, today we are holding two calls. For those who have additional and more detailed questions, we'll hold a second conference call at 3:30 PM Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our Investor Relations Web site and will be accessible as detailed in our earnings release. Before we begin, first let me read the disclaimer. And please note some of the comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings; in particular, the risk factors described in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial during this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on Slides 15 and 16 of the presentation that accompanies today's remarks. Please refer to the Investor Relations section of our Web site at investor.fortinet.com for important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago and the slides that accompany today's remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our Web site. Note that, we routinely post information on our Web site and we encourage you to make use of that resource. With that, let me now turn the call over to Drew.
Michelle Spolver: No, Sterling it’s Michelle. No, because I think going back even if you went through a year prior to now we still had very-very fast competitive solution that would meet their performance requirements. It really-really is about new customers' better sales execution and having a very strong competitive respect. I think it’s probably a little bit less about that the new products than the sales execution.
Michelle Spolver: Yes unfortunately. We don’t have a staff there it’s something we would like to have. But I mean we are seeing both. We gave some highlights of very large deals in six-seven figure deals that were brand new customers. So we are seeing both. Unfortunately I don’t have the breakdown percentagewise newer versus existing. We are seeing more business with new customers than we have in the past.
Michelle Spolver: We did, yes. So it was Q4 and also in Q1, we had two big retail deals which took product gross margins down a bit. They were large deals but they had a high concentration of low end devices. So a lot of times the mix of deals during the quarter will affect the gross margins. We saw bit of an uptick this quarter with 1% -- we had a 1% gain.
Michelle Spolver: So Erik, we're talking about it. Not every model will have it. Basically it's halfway through the FortiGate models that will have the NP6 processor in it. We're not giving out a number in terms of how much, because one is it does take some time to have those products ramp with our customer base and we are definitely seeing more of a contribution from the 3700D and the 1500D than we are, because those were announced a few quarters in advance of -- say it was announced in July. So it does take some time. What we did say I think last quarter with that and this quarter that the ramp up for those two products have been exceptionally high. So higher contribution than we would normally see from new products in that duration of time since introduced but we're not giving the actual percentage out. 
Michelle Spolver: It’s not all that rapid. I mean Ken, I don’t know if you want to into this. It’s not like we are cutting customers off and for a while we'll have those products so that there is a smoother transition.
Michelle Spolver: Not materially. There is still a material to the overall portion of our revenue. So still less than 10%. Good traction on certain points which we highlighted, you may see in terms of if and when not becomes larger than 10%. But I think we did call out some of the products that we saw greater growth. 
Michelle Spolver: Yes, the competitors we see across our business are still the same. So it’s Junifer. We feel lot of Junifer, Check Point, Cisco and Palo Alto, especially in the enterprise in the U.S. 
Michelle Spolver: Yes, if you look at overall gross margins product mix is a big contributor to that. We gave a couple of examples of prior quarters where it effected overall gross margins because product gross margins are lower. So we’re not forecasting -- we’re not guiding to 2015. Product mix comes into play. So that would be one of the bigger factor.
Michelle Spolver: We don’t break out and report of revenue for sub-region. Obviously the biggest issue there for overall America's revenue is U.S. We talked about we had good performance across our business and across regions and that would include Latin America.
Michelle Spolver: Let me clarify in what Ken had said is that we are talking about the fact that other vendors have pointed to some softness in service provider. Those vendors don’t have as much diversity in their service provider business as we do. And we’re calling out that two thirds of our business -- approximately two thirds of the business that we do is service provider -- is for them to use our gear to deploy revenue generating managed security services. The other third is using our systems internal to the network. The competitive advantage that we have there, which is the last part of your question is the significant performance advantage that we have. It’s obviously performance is very critical when you’re running in very, very fast type carrier networks. That’s our advantage there. We didn’t necessarily say that wasn’t performing as we liked. I think what we did is acknowledge that really when the service provider that have taken sort of and had it not been across our business, taking sort of a pause in purchasing would be because they’re really looking at designing next generation future networks. It’s a small portion of our overall service provider account base. So it’s the first point that we’re making. And that we do not see that across our service provider business. And we generally feel pretty much okay with that effect of the business.
Michelle Spolver: What Ken was saying is that a brand new customer would probably buy the brand new product. What ends up happening when you have large multiphase enterprise deployments, it could be, it’s not a big change or big disruption but they would have already tested the older version of the product? Its part of a multiphase rollout and it’s already sort of been determined and that they would like to continue to go with the products that they purchased originally. So if it’s an upgrade to a Firewall and they say okay we reached our -- the old product has reached an end of life. Of course they are going to buy a new product or if it’s a brand new customer, many times they would buy a new product. But there any large any company doing business with large enterprises is that many times it’s a multi-year rollout or multi-phase rollout where they want consistency in terms of using the same products that they originally purchased. 
Michelle Spolver: No, it’s an independent -- we offer it in two different ways. So the FortiSandbox appliance, you do not need to be a Fortinet customer and the advantage of that, of being a Fortinet customer, because when you’re integrating the firewall together with an APT device but if you don’t you don’t need to be. It’s a standalone appliance. We also offer cloud based APT services that work with our FortiGate devices. So obviously need to be a Fortinet customer or buy the FortiGate device using the cloud based APT service.
Michelle Spolver: Well, the report only came out a couple of weeks ago. I think we feel good about it. We take obviously -- as Ken said we take testing very serious. NSS lab is a very respectable lab out there in terms of independent third party testing. We’re excited about it. Obviously it helps us from a sales and marketing perspective but I think the test came out couple of weeks ago.
Michelle Spolver: Thank you everybody. I know we went a little over here. So thanks for staying on the line. We have a follow up call. If there are any other follow up questions feel free to dial in at 3.30 and the calling information is within our press release issued today. And Ken, Drew and I will be here to take questions.
Drew Del Matto: Thank you, Ken. And I want to finish with some commentary on our general outlook going forward, as well as provide some guidance for the fourth quarter and the full year 2014. Fortinet has a strong market opportunity and our strategy has been to invest, to capture market share and accelerate growth. Throughout 2014, our financial results and key sales metrics have shown that our strategy is working. Our growth has accelerated substantially specifically during the first nine months of 2014. Billings have increased 29% year-over-year compared to 11% during the same period in 2013. In addition, we are being invited into more RFPs winning significantly more high value large enterprise deals and have further differentiated ourselves from competitors on the product front. We believe in our strategy and as a result we plan to continue our strategy as we see similar growth opportunities due to our belief that it will yield additional returns over the long-term. That being said, we are not blinded by macro-headwinds that may occur and also realize balancing our ability to drive growth while showing operating leverage is important. We have the flexibility to adjust investments if and when it makes sense. With that as background, let me now provide specific guidance metrics for the remainder of 2014 starting with the fourth quarter which can be seen on Slide 14. As a reminder, all of the guidance constitutes forward-looking statements subject to Michelle's cautions at the start of this call. We expect billings to be in the range of $245 million to $250 million up approximately 18% year-over-year at the midpoint and representing growth of approximately 2 times market analyst forecasts from IDC and Gartner. It is important to note that our Q4 billings growth rate is not indicative of a deceleration of our business but due to a more difficult comparison to the fourth quarter of last year. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $206 million to $211 million also up 18% year-over-year at the midpoint. Please recall that in addition to the more difficult comparison, last year’s Q4 included a $2.2 million benefit related to the sale of a patent. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be approximately 70% to 71%. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 16% reflecting continued investments to drive growth. And finally, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.14 per share based on an expected diluted share account in the range of $170 million to $172 million fully diluted shares. In terms of 2014 we are raising our full year estimates for billings and revenue. This updated forecast takes into account the over performance in Q3 as well as our increased expectations for Q4 driven by the ongoing benefits and increased sales capacity and improved marketing as well as the momentum of our differentiated solutions. As a result, we currently expect billings to be in the range of $859 million to $864 million up approximately 26% year-over-year at the midpoint. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $752 million to $757 million up 23% year-over-year at the midpoint. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be approximately 71% which is at the top-end of our prior guidance range. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 16% again reflecting our continued growth investments but still within our prior guidance range. And finally, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of approximately $0.47 per share to $0.48 per share based on an expected diluted share account in the range of $169 million to $170 million fully diluted shares. We are in the early stages of our 2015 planning process and remain focused on growth with responsible investments. We plan to provide further details on our longer term outlook during our fourth quarter earnings call in January.  In closing, I'd like to thank Fortinet employees, partners, customers and shareholders for their continued confidence and support. With that Ken, Michelle and I will now take your questions. Operator, you may start the Q&A.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, we saw nice growth Gray we are not really because it’s hard to give guidance at this point we think we will talk more about guidance next year but I think we were pretty happy with the products they really release kind of mid quarter in the U.S. I think in September end and Europe but we definitely saw some traction it is reflected in the product mix.
Drew Del Matto: Sure Gray, I mean we were very pleased with our advanced persistent threat solution. Again we feel that it compares favorably certainly to our competitors as it integrates with the firewall and we’re able to do deep flow antimalware and antispam at the same time so, we feel like we have a competitive advantage and certainly I think the fact that we perform extremely well in the NSS Labs results has become a big selling feature for us and you could see that kind of reflected in the 3,000 customers that are now using the product.
Drew Del Matto: Thanks Matthew, I’ll start with the expense side. We are seeing success with our strategy right now. Our strategy is to gain share and monetize our customers over the long-term really to get the scope and scale benefits of margin over the long-term by acquiring customers today. So, we’re going to continue that strategy and I think that explains why the margins are directed the way they are for next quarter. And your second question was again on…
Drew Del Matto: You’re talking about I think you are asking if there is more multi-years in there. I don’t think we haven’t seen any real change in that profile Brent. And third question, I do think part of what creates some of that growth is really just the fact that we’re focused on pricing on the support side of the equation. That’s very important for us to hold that part of the equation. I mean obviously you want to hold it all around. But that’s the gift that keeps on getting overtime and so we’re very focused on that, is a good way to expand margin if you think about the calculus of land expand and then a lot of focus on the renew at a high price.
Drew Del Matto: Yes Q3 is an interesting quarter because you have a big vacation month in the middle. I think a lot of -- I think we were very focused on getting as much done as we can before people left for the beach so to speak. And we were successful in doing that. I also I think linearity come up on certainly the last call if not before. But it’s been an improving trend overall. So I would say that continued. That being said, I think it’s also a larger, if you look at it and compare it to Q2, there is a larger balance of I think support billings that actually happened during the quarter. And so those tend to be more linear in nature anyway.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I think Melissa just to add on. Well again there is two dimensions to that vertical; one is the managed service provider piece. And that looks fine. I think as far as the internal networking part, that’s where if there is any where it’s a bit flattish so to speak, we probably be that side of the business. About two-thirds of our business with the carriers tends to be on the mSFP front.
Drew Del Matto: I think we’re doing a better job, I think our products are really hitting the mark on the enterprise space. Our investments in sales and marketing there have been very focused on enterprise. The people we’re attracting have been people with deep enterprise experience. For example I think I mentioned this in the script for our billings more than doubled over last year in the UK and we brought in a new team over the last six months to nine months and they just executed extremely well, the products are good. And I think they are really finding a way to go-to-market and grow the business over there, and I do think we see that broadly across Europe as well. So amazingly enough given some of the economic headwinds in Eastern Europe it’s almost counterintuitive but they have done a very nice job. And I think and a lot of it just goes really to having the right products, making the right investments and the right people and they are executing extremely well.
Drew Del Matto: No there wasn’t. As you said we bill in dollars which I think is a big piece of it. The partners tend to kind of we have a tight calendar could be favorable one and less favorable or going the other way another. They seem to be either be offsetting of the partners or just doing it pretty well. And again most of the headwind on the euro happened later in the quarter, quite frankly.
Drew Del Matto: Sterling, I would just add, I mean, again qualitatively more than getting into kind of exact detail on the quantitative side. We are clearly gaining share. So if the market is growing 7% to 9% or 7% to 8% and we are growing several multiples of that then clearly we are getting new customer wins which I think really kind of answers the question. There is obviously a basic customer, our 200,000 customers where we are being successful. But you know what new people coming on-board they bring new relationships. Our investments are very focused on acquiring new customers building scale in the company and that seems to be exactly where we are executing very well.
Drew Del Matto: Look our focus is on gaining market share, which we are doing. And that really explains why we are different than and in 2010-2009. We have a different -- we’ve change the ramp of the business or accelerated the growth in the business over the last year and that takes a bit of forward investment. Over time, as you build scale in terms of the number of customers that you acquire, you can broaden the scope of what you sold them with the scope of our product set or broad product set and that ultimately is how you expand margin in these customers. It costs more to acquire customers is what I’m trying to say versus expand in a customer. We know the dials. We feel like [indiscernible]. We see the growth slowing down. So we have the opportunity to expand margin when needed but for now our profile is really to kind of continue to invest again and beyond that not giving -- we’re going and giving get guidance out through Q4. So it would be difficult to get beyond that.
Drew Del Matto: So and just to add a little bit there, again it’s really people in marketing and so Ken talked about the people. We increased our sales capacity. We’ve building actually or built an inside sales team and we also have some marketing people and then also in marketing we're really kind of doing messaging, events and lead generation if you will. And so that’s really kind of where the spend is and then if you look at -- I think you asked a question about is it different as you across the globe and it is a bit different. If you think of the U.S. you can kind of go into five verticals and know where the bulk of the spending in the U.S. is -- financial services, healthcare, federal, et cetera. Then in going abroad, it gets a little bit different, where it become more challenge driven but I think developed world, it tends to be more vertical focused, for instance the UK is probably similar to U.S. in the sense there are clearly verticals there. I think the same and some of the big three countries in Europe. But then as you get into the more developing economies it just tends to be more channel driven as the verticals probably aren’t as well defined and the market themselves are emerging.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I think it’s a blend of those things, which probably doesn’t help you break it down exactly like that but clearly, if we didn’t have the people and the marketing investments on board, we wouldn’t be experiencing this growth and I think that goes back to the earlier question of why margin -- our margin profile has changed from the past? But beginning of the year we clearly saw an opportunity to grow either not only with the new products but the security space, I know anybody on this call probably doesn’t need to hear from me but it’s obviously a hot space right now. So all those things I believe go together and we happen to have the right products at the right time but if we didn’t have the messaging out there, if we didn’t have the people, if we didn’t have the channel reach, we wouldn’t be as successful. And I think the best illustration of that quantitatively is just growing faster than the market as a whole and we’re clearly growing at a multiple faster than the 7% to 9% in the Gartner and IDT.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, and I would say that a couple other things just to point out. It’s early in the product cycle of a variety of things. And just to show you kind of the mix of marketing, sales and product, think of APT, severe persistent threat. I think we mentioned we have 3,000 customers. It’s hard to ignore the NSS test results from I think back in April or March where we performed very well and one of our competitors didn’t perform as well. And getting that marketing message out there was very important to us, arming our sales people with that message. But ultimately I needed to have the sales capacity to kind of help them spread that word. And then I would also just add that look we’re only -- we’re nine months in really into kind of this investment cycle, maybe a year. And there still is I believe performance gains to come out of the people that have been onboard in the last six to nine months so to speak. And so I don’t think it ends imminently. And we still continue to see opportunity. And if you look at the emerging products APT, one we pointed out, AWS was another, some of these projects; they’re really just getting started. It is our hope anyway.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I would just say this. We’ll be glad to share discrete guidance in January for longer term guidance spend. But we continue to see investment opportunity for now. That being said, we’re going to be very responsible, very focused on where we see maturing markets. And as you said, if the comps come into play but for right now, certainly the near term outlook is we feel good.
Drew Del Matto: Look I think this is very early. It's interesting that because to actually figure that out, you're also kind of thinking about how the other products are going to grow, right? Because it’s all relative right at the mix. But I think what we're seeing right now, we fell very good about versus what our original expectations. And so they seem to be growing very nicely. 
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I think if you look at our -- [indiscernible] read the script but I think that’s pretty consistent with what we mentioned in the script. Those the name [indiscernible]. 
Drew Del Matto: I don’t think so. I think, and I'm going to point you back to the census on our website. Because I think the way I read that and I think we even said this in the past, that you have kind of two things happening. One I think its, security becomes a priority. But I think the way most companies are going to look at it is it’s such a critical priority in terms of brand that it probably gets a little bit of -- probably gets more scrutiny than it used to be. It gets pushed into the boardroom. You can pretty much be sure that in any Company doing much business online, that there is going to be board level scrutiny in review with those types of projects and so I think in one sense, clearly all the headline events drive demand and I think it puts a lot of focus on it and probably prioritizes these types of projects over other things. But then on the kind of headwind side, almost is the fact that it probably goes through more levels of review than normal. And so that being said, it's is to growing market and it’s really kind of hard to predict how that goes, probably at the mid-level maybe a little faster. I think as you go up in terms of how technology focused or how much online they are, it'd probably go the other way.
Drew Del Matto: The subscription fees growing as a percent of sales? Yes, it is. If you look at the differed balance I think that’s a good indicator kind of the growth of differed because that’s where most of it goes since it's recognized ratably.
Drew Del Matto: If you look at that trend I think that would be helpful to think through that and again yes, I think as we build subscription -- as we build customers, we’re very focused on subscription side as I mentioned earlier, not only in terms of attach rates but ensuring we get solid pricing there to monetize the customer over the long term.
Drew Del Matto: There could be other factors. So I would just kind of stick to what we’ve given for the rest of Q4 and we can talk about ’15 in January.
Drew Del Matto: Jonathan, fair question, we really haven’t changed our strategy there. Obviously we’re always thinking about activities that make -- strategic opportunities that may make sense for us. I can’t point out to anything really eminent on that front. And as I mentioned, I think we have $128 million left under the buyback. The board gave us another year on that. So we have $128 million left under that and really no change in approach there as well.
Drew Del Matto: I think the easy way to think about it is first of all we have a firewall right. So we offer a broader, more integrated and higher performance APT protection because we can actually integrate with firewall. I think is the first point. A competitive advantage in integrating sandboxing with the firewall, flow based antimalware and anti-spam technologies to provide a unified comprehensive defense for advance persistent threats. I think the way customers think about it or what it really does is optimizes both the security effectiveness and network performance at the same time. And that was illustrated -- we keep pointing back to the NSS lab results back in March or April. But I think that’s the highlight of that upper right quadrant if you will, if you’re familiar with what I'm -- if you remember that, Tas. Yes, so I think that’s the way to think about, kind of integrate it -- the sandboxing with the firewall, flow based antimalware and anti-spam technologies which provide unified comprehensive defense for APTs.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I think its helpful going forward. I would expect that to the extent there were deals in the pipeline I'm sure it didn’t hurt. But probably really the -- it doesn’t really I think sink into the calculus until the fourth quarter or so.
Ken Xie: The 300D-500D we see a lot of response from market is much better performance compared to the old 300C-500C. So especially we see enterprise starting to deploy like I said inside their internal network to do the segmentation. So that’s where 300-500 and also the Web sales are working firewall within enterprise to separate department, the server, the user it is a larger platform we see very growth there.
Ken Xie: Also, in end of July we also announced the FortiGate 5000 it is terabit firewall platform it’s a lower hanging product it’s probably the only one in the space can achieve healthier performance but not high-end units have a much longer sales cycle compared to the 300D-500D, so that’s we see a lot of testing but it is still early in the process.
Ken Xie: Another key factor while integrated is a FortiGate system. So a lot of existing customers, they lack the solution they kind of walk for guarded not only can detect other intrusion but also can prevent attack. So that solution combined with FortiGate sensing for the FortiAP and the FortiWeb also looking well together.
Ken Xie: Yes, I can comment now is I have to deeper relation, deeper in vertical space it is maybe different. So in the high-end service provider on the datacenter side we see way ahead of competitor both on a product like we announced the 3810D 100 gig port and also the 5000 terabit firewall we’re ahead of competitor already like we are shipping chassis platform 5000 for 10 years compares them above competitors just announced already this year. So we don’t see they come close to what we have but also in this space a lot of provider evaluate wants the new solution for the mobile security especially the other the LTEs smarter need additional protocol they need also much bigger concurrent connection and also a supporting multiple like iTV for these things a lot of differences. So we’re ahead of competitor, we participate a while it’s a lot of testing going on right now. In enterprise we see, we starting gaining a lot of market share right now. It’s also come from our performance and also improved in marketing sales execution there. One thing we found out, we have a huge advantage compared to competitors really secure inside enterprise which they call while do we call the segregation gateway of internal firewall of different name. Basically, traditionally, using the network switch to connect all the internal company and they have a board to use firewall to secure to outside. But now because the mobile device the auto call approach, they need to secure inside enterprise right now so that’s where the FortiGate with the FortiASIC starting to replacing some of the traditional switch inside enterprise. So we see there is a huge opportunity because the performance, the cost, the functions really more important compared to the board of firewall security. So that’s why we started to gain a lot of share. The newly launched middle range with NP6 has seen advantage there. I certainly have to say the competitors starting to falling apart and also with our system chip solutions, we are starting to see much more advantage, both on the cost and the performance and we have not seen much competition in the SMB space.
Ken Xie: I think we do gave 22% come from service provider. I think like I said first we are more diversified in the service provider globally and we also see like lot of service provider in the early stage try to evaluate how to do the mobile security LTE protection there. And so that’s where with the new product we launched whether the new 5000D and also the 1700D, but we see a lot of our testing evaluation because kind of a new solution, new architecture. So that’s a lot of thing going on. But we don’t see some other companies these sort of segmenting in some area. We see kind of a quite exciting space as a lot of potential.
Ken Xie: I think you can see Q3 we add 186 people and the majority in the sales and also marketing. So that’s definitely added a lot of sales capacity but also they take some time to ramp up. So it would have taken a couple of quarters to sometimes even to a year that depend on a vertical space. And also we starting to invest more in the marketing -- more in U.S. marketing. We have a new marketing VP, Ian Ewan [ph]. She is also starting to ramp up the lot of a leading branding and also a lot of a marketing activity there. So that also would benefit us in the long term, I think all this international theories can give us market better position going forward, almost $1 billion cash on hand and receive a lot of cash flow I think - - last quarter it was about 51 million free cash in. So we feel keeping investing a growth will position the company better going forward.
Ken Xie: Although this - on the product cycle side I think it’s -- we continue keeping investing in the innovation -- come up with new product and also new technology. So we are pretty much the only network security company. We invest both in the hardware ASIC level, the system level and sulfur level compared to most of competitor only have a sulfur engineer capability. So that’s where we can see the benefit we got from the ASIC chip, whether the MP6 or within a [indiscernible] chip in the FortiASIC is network processor chip within MP6, which is half the high and middle range [indiscernible] by the chip. And we also have the ISO system on a chip which will address the SMB low end market and plus we have a quantum processor, pretty much all of FortiGate also leverage that. I think always chip probably, each generation take about two to three years to come up with chips. So we have all three chips. So we keeping going on -- keeping produce a better technology. At the same time we also leverage technology from the general purpose CPU, that other network processor, also the network chip like the 100 gig quad and also the other CPU, the technology that we have. So that’s where we keeping refresh broad product line to address the total solution in the network security space. So I don’t view particular chip or product to have a big impact but continue on the innovation and then on the new technology what drive us better and better, compared with the competitors. So that’s where the few high end products lost. We’re way ahead of competitors and starting refreshing more and also opened up the opportunities, whether in the service provider address mobile security or inside enterprise to secure the internal segregation solution. I think we see more opportunity because the technology we have and also the new product we have. But that thing will not stop. So every quarter you may see like a few new product come out, addressing different areas, more dependent on, is a continued innovation both on a chip level and the system level and also in the sulfur level.
Ken Xie: Yes, it take a couple of years to free sale our product. The way we naming a product, we try to keeping the same number and just different in the last letter. So is D replaced to C. So the customer can easily see how they can upgrade to the new product. A lot of customers, [indiscernible] these kind of products, the life cycle will only take about four years or five years. So if we are to have some old products, some consumer may keeping the employee the same product within their enterprise. So that’s how far we keep supporting that. But also new product, just reported the most loss every 18 months 24 months, the speed doubled and also has more computing power there and also some more function and more strong how we interface. So that’s one of the things we keep in doing in the last 14 years. I think -- let me say, this is already fifth generation. So this generation we tend to have a better chip and also leverage the better CPU technology, the networking technology. So it's the how we're keeping that better and better and the same time, the [indiscernible] also, when you have to take about three years four years to upgrade to a new version so that’s where. And I will tell you if you see the halfway more to how we upgrade of FortiGate leveraged the new processor on FortiaSICs. From time to time we also upgrade the internal CPUs, the networking chip and some other things.
Ken Xie: U.S. enterprise, we see Palo Alto also participating a bit. But under the region [indiscernible] and also other vertical space we not see them as a very strong competitor. 
Ken Xie: We mentioned we're halfway through refreshing some of the middle and high end FortiGate using NP6. So we feel it will probably take a few more quarters to finish the refresh but then we have other new chip will come out. So that’s probably - will start again. So now that’s where -- since the innovation the new technology coming to the product will continue driving the refresh of the product. So like every quarter, we have a few new product announced. So that's is the process we're keeping going forward. So I don’t feel that’s have a much impact of the number as - give us better competitive advantage but it’s also the process continue going on.
Ken Xie: On the technology side, I think the lot of technology, the service provider thinking we’re not up still in the early stage, whether how to secure the LTE and also how the 100 gig and 40 gig of the high speed network interface deploying the service provider datacenters still in the early stage. The good news really we see a lot of tech is going on -- a lot of in the interstates and also we don’t see our competitor even have the product come close. And we are only one who has a Terabyte firewall. We’re only one who has the 100 gig -- 40 interface. And also [indiscernible]. So we see a lot of opportunities because some of the initial changes in the service provider before is really more secure out of fixed but obviously lot of the moment you like I mentioned, they need a much bigger number of session they need to support a lot of new protocol and also much higher speed and that all need some time for the service provider to test into redesign the architecture. So I think that it’s a quite exciting space but into the early stage.
Ken Xie: No, we tend to keep the same and that’s where you can see the way we name the product and so it’s the same name number, we tend to keep the same price.
Ken Xie: See, the more slow every like a two years a speed battle. So that’s where the profits power also double. So I think some customer I think if they already have some solution deployed using some of the product they brought few years ago and to sometime -- they just want to keep imply the same product, probably easier to manage and support the audiences [ph]. But technology keep advance. So that’s where we also will not stop and wherever we see some new technology opportunities because we are only network secure company invest heavily, both in the chip level, in the system level, in the sulfur level. So that’s where any technology advance in all this work [indiscernible] space. We just want to make sure we can integrate, we can also have the customer benefit from the technology. So that’s where we’ll continue to come up new products, which probably have better performance in the old product. But on the price side as on the margin side we want to keep pretty consistent.
Ken Xie: Sometimes also they try to match their infrastructure. So if they have a gigabit or 10 gig, they don’t have to buy the 40 gig or 100 gig. And some time, a lot enterprise already put a 40 gig but 100 gig interface and that’s where they probably more interested in a new product. I think like I said, after the new product announced it would take about couple of years to see the older ones phased out. So that was the process been going on for the last like 12 - 14 years. 
