Peter Salkowski: Thank you Josh. Good afternoon everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Vice President of Investor at Fortinet. I am pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet’s financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2021. Speakers on today’s call are Ken Xie, Fortinet’s Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer. This is a live call that will be available via replay via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Ken will begin our call today providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will then review our financial and operating results for the third quarter before providing guidance for the full year – for the first quarter and full year of next year. We’ll then open the call for questions. During the Q&A, we ask that you please keep your questions brief and limit yourself to one question to allow others to participate. Before we begin, I’d like to remind 1everyone that on today’s call, we will be making forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today’s call are non-GAAP, unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations is located in our earnings press release and in the presentation that accompany today’s remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless noted otherwise. I’ll now turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Salkowski: We're going to take 202 second we can mix the phone line. We think it might be our phone for some reason. We're going to dial back in and be right back. Everybody else, stayput. 
Peter Salkowski: Yeah. We're at a totally different line. I’m on my cellphone now. It sounds like it's on your end, guys.
Peter Salkowski: Josh, are you there. Okay. All right. We're going to start. Keith's going to back up a little bit. Hopefully, you can hear us now, and we'll start where he kind of left off and go from there. Apologies for the interlude there.
Peter Salkowski: And then operator, just a quick one. I just want to let everybody know on the call, given the technical difficulties we had earlier, we'll post the prepared remarks about the CEO script and the CFO script to the IR website as soon as we can after the call. Next question, please.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you. Again, apologies for the technical difficulties today. As I said earlier, we are planning to post the prepared remarks up on our website as soon as we can. So you can see all the numbers that Keith shared that I think help answer some of the questions with regards to bookings backlog and the sustainable growth in our business. I'd also like to remind everybody we'll be at the Morgan Stanley conference on March 9th, an in-person conference, our first and gosh, I don't even know how long. Fireside chat at the event and the webcast link for that -- for the Morgan Stanley conference will be on our Investor Relations website for you all to listen. Do you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact me. Thank you very much for your time. Again, apologies for the technical difficulties and have a great day.
Keith Jensen: Thank you, Ken, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a summary of our very strong 2021 performance. Customer demand was strong and broad-based across geographies, customer sizes, industries, use cases and security solutions, reflecting the three key demand drivers that Ken mentioned, convergence of security and networking, vendor consolidation on our Security Fabric mesh platform and the elevated threat environment. Convergence or security-driven networking requires integrated security solutions to be delivered at networking speeds across the company's entire threat landscape of edges, including data centers, endpoints, work from anywhere and clouds, as well as across multiple use cases such as secure SD-WAN, WiFi, switching, 5G and OT. The networking speed and computing capabilities of our ASIC-powered for gates can be 5 to 10 times more than competitor firewalls with their off-the-shelf silicon products. Vendor consolidation is driven by customer focus on security effectiveness, performance and cost management. We deliver vendor consolidation through our Security Fabric platform and its broad range of products integrated with a single operating system, offering increased automation. As we saw in 2021, we expect strong customer demand fueled by these key drivers to continue. And turning to our 2021 performance, billings growth accelerated to 35% or $4.2 billion, representing our highest annual billings growth rate in six years. Revenue growth also accelerated coming in at 29%, representing the fourth consecutive year of revenue growth of 20% or more. And despite the supply chain environment, product revenue growth came in 37% growth, our highest annual product revenue growth rate in 10 years. Driven by strong demand for our fabric and cloud security solutions, non-FortiGate billings and revenue each exceeded $1 billion for the first time in our history. Non-FortiGate billings increased 46% to $1.25 billion, and non-FortiGate revenue increased 42% to $1.1 billion. Gross margin was 77.5% and operating margin was 26.2%. Our GAAP operating margin was 19.5%. It's one of the highest in the industry. Our near GAAP profitable, as Ken mentioned, for 13 consecutive years. Free cash flow was a record $1.2 billion, exceeding $1 billion for the first time in our history. Free cash flow margin was 36%. And when adjusted for real estate investments came in at 43%. Total deferred revenue increased 33% to $3.5 billion, and short-term deferred revenue increased 28% to $1.8 billion. We are experiencing exceptionally strong demand, demand that exceeds supply by more than historical norms. As a result, we are expanding our disclosures to include bookings and backlog to provide greater visibility into the strength of our business. Bookings represent the value of all orders received from customers. Backlog represents the value of all orders received but not fulfilled. When the order is fulfilled, we recognize both billings and product revenue. Turning to Q4 results. As noted on Slide 4, bookings were $1.4 billion, up 49%. On a sequential basis, backlog increased $122 million due to very strong demand. On a year-over-year basis, backlog increased $150 million to end the year at $162 million. Breaking down the backlog between product and services, approximately 75% relates to future product shipments, while the remaining 25% relates to various services. While it's difficult to forecast if an order might be canceled, several factors support our view that our backlog is strong, it should provide a tailwind of growth later this year and into next year. Existing customers account for approximately 90% of our backlog. No single end customer accounts for more than a, say, a low single-digit percentage of backlog. Many competitors are also impacted by supply chain constraints. Our products, along with our integrated operating system are not commodities really changed with offerings from other vendors. We actively manage our own supply chain and for the most employed security network solution over one-third of all firewall unit shipments, we are an attractive volume buyer from any suppliers. And lastly, our price for performance advantage may be difficult for our competition to match. And I apologize for the sound in the background, we don't know what's causing it, but I'll continue on. Moving to Q4 billings of $1.3 billion, billings are up 36%, which compares to 49% bookings in noted earlier. Enterprises favorites Fortinet's leading cost performance and integrated platform. This is especially evident in the 5-point increase in the large enterprise billing mix. Add more color to this, we could share, global 2000 buildings were up over 90%, the third consecutive quarter of accelerating growth. The number of deals over $1 million increased 79% to 122 deals, breaking the 100 deal threshold for time in our history. We saw a record of four low eight-figure transactions in the quarter, all in the Americas. And lastly…
Keith Jensen: Yeah. And Brian such a good job of only answering one question, I'm going to jump also in and give some more color on it. I do -- did somebody orders a product early, some place in the world? Sure. I'm sure that happened. When we try and look at our own business, we try to identify possibilities of that happening. And the best number we can come up with is something that represents extremely low single digits of our business may have been impacted by that. And at the same time, you immediately pivot over to look at your pipeline. And even if that was happening, it's certainly not evident in the pipeline. We're extremely pleased with what we're seeing in terms of the pipeline growth. And then just a follow on to Ken's comment about distributor inventory levels, again, with our model, we do have visibility of the inventory that's in the channel. And that inventory -- those inventory levels are actually down a little bit year-over-year. So I don't think we're seeing the types of things that maybe you may have some concerns about.
Keith Jensen: Okay. I think Brian set the standard and Fatima is following it through. How many questions will account as one? Because I start with the easy one first pricing. We raised prices. We've talked about before prices in August and again in November. On our price list, keep in mind, those get discounted down. The price -- because services, whether it's support or security, attaches -- the pricing attaches to the box, so to speak. When you raise prices on the appliance, you're also effectively raising prices on the services. But then if you think through revenue recognition, obviously, you'll get some -- you'll get the price increase in revenue for the product more currently than you will for the services you're going to recognize that over time. And I think your question of what are we expecting in terms of backlog and amortization or what have you? As you can imagine, we've done a fair amount of scenario planning to go through the year. And I don't know that there is a one scenario that we would point to as opposed to a combination of scenarios. I think you can kind of solve for that maybe not on the phone right now, with some of the information that we've provided in terms of our expectation for backlog increasing, right, for the year. And so backlog is increasing for the year, I don't think that would be reflective of us bleeding into the income statement backlog that currently exists. The components of the backlog will shift, but net-net, it's going up.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I'll just come quickly on the linearity. We just wanted to make sure we open the door to have the conversation with you guys about how linearity may be a little bit different this year than what has been historically for us. And yes, you can point back to the supply chain on that.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. And I think Ken touched upon that a little bit. I'll just build it out for little more clarity. If you look at more traditional, what we call secure networking products such as switches and access points, you're looking at probably something in the order of 60%, maybe two-thirds of the backlog would fit into that category, and the remainder is in FortiGate. And then Ken was making sure that we understood that. Within FortiGate, roughly one-third, the majority of that is in the entry level or low end FortiGates. We're not really experiencing the same pressure in the midrange and the high end that we see in the low end.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. Hi, Ben. How are you? Ken's pointing at me, so I'll follow-up a little bit. I think in terms of pull-through of non-FortiGate products, maybe I kind of came to the conversation a few years ago thinking that that was going to be more of a commercial and mid-enterprise area where we see the quantity. In actuality, it seems to move with customer size. The SMB is somewhat limited as we still see other products attaching and building that out. And then the mid enterprise, the enterprise, and then the service providers are very strong buyers of multiple products. And I think that why that's relevant is that's the affirmation of the platform strategy. I think they very early on realized the overhead cost of managing point solutions from different vendors could be fairly onerous, and that was pretty challenging. And so it is moving its way through the rest of the customer chain, if you will. I think the other thing that's happening more currently now is we've seen -- we talk about these other verticals that represent not in the top five, but coming to the table and buying security. And I think they're very clear with us in conversations that I've had with them and Ken as well that they're looking for a total solution. And the ability to cobble together a series of integrated products into one solution. Not only does that save them in terms of the initial purchase, but also the management cost. So I do think there's definitely a tailwind in that area.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I would say that I think one of the things that Ken ask us to go look at was what our product revenue growth has been if we didn't have backlog, right? And that's that kind of who knows when they call out with that point, but it was 65% or 66% product revenue growth if we had the product to deliver. I mean that's a huge number. And I think it speaks to the kind description of this is -- the demand is extremely high for appliances right now.
Keith Jensen: I don't -- for 2022 versus 2021, I think we're guiding to 24% to -- I think we're guiding to basically 25% at the midpoint and just closed out a year at…
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think that while you can look at the percentages in terms of what we're spending, I think sales productivity in the current environment is probably the biggest driver, if you will, in terms of the leverage that we get out of this. Obviously, if you go back to 2021, not a lot of sales productivity probably in 2020. With COVID, very nice sales productivity numbers in 2021. Now we're looking at tailwinds. I must be honest, the price increases will indeed increase sales productivity.
Keith Jensen: Yeah, I’m looking at Ken who wants to get more strategic. I'll give you a very tactical conversation about it. And Peter is making a shameless plug for the Analyst Day in May and saying that we'll talk about that then. Look, I'm really, really pleased with what the pipeline looks like at the moment. We go through our use we've talked before, I think, Jonathan, is slicing and dicing it in terms of how much our new customers, renewals, expansions inside customers, what's the deal size? What's the geography? And it's -- I don't want to just loss over some of the numbers that we saw in the enterprise segment in the fourth quarter. I think we're at 90% growth on the G2000 for three quarters in a row. The U S. did extremely well and without getting into a lot of details, they too accelerated for three quarters in a row. Looking at the pipeline and looking at again, more enterprise growth that's coming, I think we have a good position in SMB, love the execution. We've had some people in other settings comment upon, the maturity that the sales and marketing and execution level has reached now as a company. So I think the pipeline in our ability to execute, I don't see why that would change.
Keith Jensen: Early in the life cycle of cybersecurity industry, maybe 10 or 15 years ago, where firewalls had a very specific use and the environment, if you will, is more stable, it may be easier to identify refresh cycles that we keep looking for and have not yet seen in the last five years. And I think that's perhaps going back to Ken's point, I think that's because the environment is not stable at all. I think the reality is what you're seeing out there right now in terms of use cases and data volumes, data is all over the place -- and it's lots and lots of data. It's just getting more and more. And the use cases, I mean, five years ago, a lot of things that were air gaped away from the Internet aren't anymore. And now you see -- it's probably what's probably the manufacturing vertical for us. I just -- I don't know that you can presume that the environment, so to speak, and the political interest in it, the insurance company is interested in it, CIOs management team is interested in that. It is a hot topic of conversation. So even if you are due for a refresh cycle in the industry, and I don't know that we are, I don't think you're going to see that because of what's happening in the world out there.
Ken Xie: Yes. I think you commented all of them. I think is different compared to most of our competitors, we handle the design, manufacture operation, put them out directly ourselves. And also we have a bigger quantity compare to our competitors can better negotiate with suppliers. And also the engineering also starting -- last year also starting redesigned some of the product to award a certain shortage of the component, which are working well with us, but some of them may take about six months. I think overall, that's what we feel pretty confident in the second half of this year since we'll be improving both because the supply chain itself and also some alternative design and also kind of better planning. I have to say last quarter, the demand was very, very strong, with booking grew 49%, which even kind of beyond -- kind of our planning. So that's caused some of the shortage. But overall, we have a much better shape compared to competitors in the inventory and in the supply. And also the other question, we don't see increased inventory in the channel in the distributor there, pretty much the same as they have in the last few years. So we don't see any increase of the channel to setup the product. So that's not the case for us.
Ken Xie: Yeah. And also the shortage more limit and pretty much most limited in the very low end and -- so the middle and the high end FortiGate, we do have enough inventory even for the more strong like 49% billing growth. And also, we have a very broad product portfolio. So there's a lot of alternative product. The customer, the channel controls. And at the same time, something redesigned already working, it will be ready in a few months.
Ken Xie: Yes. I also mentioned the Checkpoint earnings this morning. I probably sent to deal we mentioned Fortinet. And so their newest product, probably like 20% faster than Fortinet product 1800 app, but that's the product we released more than two years ago. I think based on Moore’s law. So every two year – every 18 months, the speed will double. So I think the latest product a much faster now. So I do see because the – we see security-driven networking conversion of network and security. So the network security started deploy pretty much in all the infrastructure, not just secure the border. So when we deployed internally at a much higher speed and that's where the high-speed firewalls needed to do the internal segmentation, security server, segment, different department, all these kind of things. So that's where we see quite a strong demand in milestone growth with the current ransomware environment. But also, we see that with working from anywhere, a lot of our users have to connect remotely or kind of connect remotely. So that's where the security SD-WANs and 5G market also see very strong demand. So that's what we see. We're leading innovation in both space with our own ASIC with all the secure SD-WAN 5G connection. It's a much bigger total addressable market compared to the traditional network security. So that's where we identify as over $170 billion total addressable market for us in the next three, four years. It's a huge potential and market large enough pretty much for all the competitors to compete, but definitely have to keep up the innovation, keep up the change to keeping gaining market share.
Ken Xie: We see a lot of enterprise they need to protect their internal network because its ransomware attack like we released that we served a few months ago, is 11 times higher on the ransomware attack compared to one years ago. So there’s big demand to secure the company, whole infrastructure. Also working -- I think we also need more security, especially like secure SD-WAN, secure 5G, all these connections. So we see -- the demand is very, very strong. So that's where -- and also for supply for some other chip manufacturer, even with our own chip, usually, there's a lead time. So that's where we see the backlog and we're hoping we'll be -- go back, I hope will be more normal towards the end of the year.
Ken Xie: Yes. The other meditation point is really the Global 2000 account grow over 90%, so it's almost double year-over-year, a very strong demand in there.
Ken Xie: I think the convergence of network and security will be long-term and I think during the pandemic and even after pandemic, you see a lot of things changing, whether the working environment or more access, that's what the zero trust in starting to build up very demand there. And also internally, they need to secure the whole infrastructure both in the -- within the like campus network, data center or remote in connecting branch office. So that's where we see the whole infrastructure need to be secured. And also kind of consolidation among different vendors also starting happening more quickly because like Keith mentioned, the management cost is very high, if they have a different vendor for different part of cybersecurity. So that's where the vendor can provide more product integrate, automate together definitely has more advantage and lower and total management cost. Actually, that's why we see the, like I mentioned, the three driver convergence of our network and security and the consolidation of the vendor and at the same time, the strong elevated server security threat right now, especially like ransomware is a big impact to the business is all driving the strong growth.
Ken Xie: It's pretty broad. As you can look at SD-WAN, probably, I'd say, more than half majority products go to the middle or high end range. And at the same time, a lot of enterprise customers, a lot of are all starting using leverage SD-WAN. So it's quite a broad -- much more beyond the retail.
Ken Xie: Yes. And also, we have a lot of growth potential in the Global 2000. So like we said last year -- last quarter grown at 90% year-over-year. And also, this is the bigger account, you also can upsell, cross-sell a lot of other products. So we do see the pipeline is very, very strong. And also we're keeping enhance in the marketing and keeping pretty aggressively higher net sales and the sales capacity. So far some regions, some of the vertical, we still have much less capacity than some of our competitors. I think with the additional marketing sales capacity, we do see the growth will continue in the next few years.
Ken Xie: I probably one common deal mentioned this morning in the call, definitely, the network security is a much bigger total addressable market. The cloud security ported by 2025, it is little bit over $20 billion and compared to current total addressable market, including network security, converting network security, endpoint or the other will be $170 billion. It's a much bigger market. And at the same time, there's a lot of innovation going on and have to secure the whole infrastructure. So that's where we see the price also even access the cloud, you need all these appliance. You also need this SD-WAN, 5G connection, all this to access the cloud. So that's where we see the. There's a huge market potential in the very fragmented market. There’s a lot of growth potential.
Ken Xie: Yes. I think the industry I do believe, they need to start to secure the whole infrastructure, both internal LAN and also the WAN connection put outside. And that also like we see very, very strong demand to secure inside the company and also like all this data center or this internal segmentation, which is before the network security is too slow to deploy in the high-speed environment internally. And then also the SD-WAN, you can see pretty strong growth. And -- I think the overall convergence of repeating the network or security, that's the suite driver we gave out. I think probably in the Analyst Day, Peter, Keith mentioned, May 10th. So we'll probably give some more details on data and analysis and we'll see how long. I do believe this will be pretty long-term changing in the whole space where we were keeping growth in the next five to 10 years. And also ASIC advantage and the continue scale and scope all starting working for us because we have the quantity, which helping lower per chip cost, which none of our competitors have. And also, we're probably the only company-only chip. And we also leverage any other commercial chip available, including all the -- whatever Intel, MV, GPU, TPU,IPU other things we're using, but we have unique advantage of our own ASIC chip, which help in drive over high-speed, low-cost network security solution. On the other side, the economy of scope also working, because we have like a set some different product harbor, we call the fabric and now on mesh that basically mesh architecture, which is helping us to cross-sell, I think last quarter is the first time the over 30%. I think right now, it's a FortiGate count about 69%, non-FortiGate 41% and also over $1 billion last year. Also see very, very strong growth, grow faster than the FortiGate. So that's also helping to supporting the whole infrastructure security, converging on network and security and also elevate the threat environment.
