Peter Salkowski - Fortinet, Inc.: Thank you, Takira. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Vice President of Investor Relations, at Fortinet. I am pleased to welcome you to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the first quarter of 2018. Speakers on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Keith Jensen, our CFO. This is a live call that is available for replay via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Ken will begin our call today by providing a high level of perspective on our business. Keith will then follow our financial and operating results and conclude by providing our forward guidance outlook before opening up the call for questions. During the Q&A session, we ask that you please be aware of the limited time we have for this call and make your questions brief to allow others to participate as we have discontinued the practice of hosting a second call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, on today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the results – risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today's call are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and in the presentation that accompany today's remarks, both of which are posted on our Investor Relations website. As for the presentation, the last slide summarizes the impact to the accounting change to ASC 606 with regard to the first quarter results. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. I will now turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Salkowski - Fortinet, Inc.: Thank you, Keith. We are ready to open the call for questions. Again, as a reminder, just please keep your questions brief as we're trying to get through as many of you can in the next 40 minutes.
Peter Salkowski - Fortinet, Inc.: Thank you, Takira. Again, thanks, everybody, for joining the call. We will be at the JPMorgan Conference with Ken and Keith on May 16. Look forward to seeing a bunch of investors there. And thank you very much for the call. Again, as a reminder, we're not having a second call today. If you have any questions, please feel free to follow up with me. Have a good day. Take care.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Thanks, Peter, and thank you for everyone for joining today's call to discuss our first quarter 2018 results. Once again, we demonstrate our market leadership by our strong first quarter performance. In the quarter, billings were up 15% to $463 million and the revenue was up 17% to $399 million, both above the high-end of our guidance. We continue to invest to fuel our above-market growth, especially in sales and marketing, while remaining focused on improving profitability. During the quarter, we hosted our first-ever Financial Analyst Day, together with Accelerate, our global partner and customer conference. The event provided us with a forum to review the strong performance of our financial model as well as highlight our significant opportunities for growth with our Security Fabric architecture. The feedback we received from both analysts and the investors were extremely positive. An important message we conveyed during the Financial Analyst Day was the evolution of network security in this period of digital transformation. Fortinet pioneered and lead the current generation of UTM and next-gen firewall network security and is pioneering and leading the new generation of network security, which we refer to as the third-generation. The third-generation of network security, which is the Security Fabric, is in the early stage and delivers integrated protection and detection across the entire digital attack surface. We expect that this evolution will drive growth within our installed base and also with new customers. In the first quarter, our core FortiGate network security business account for three-quarter of the billings. This market-leading network security business is driven by our unmatched security functionality and performance of our highly-differentiated FortiASIC technology, Security Processing Unit, SPU. Developing customized ASIC to enhance application performance is a growing trend among leading technology companies, such as NVIDIA with its GPU and Google with its TPU ASIC. FortiOS 6.0 was released in Q1 and is the most widely deployed network security operation system in the market. It is the central building block for the latest evolution of a Fortinet Security Fabric, as well as applications such as IoT, SD-WAN and hybrid cloud security. Billings for our non-FortiGate part of our Fabric grow faster than our FortiGate business and accounted for a quarter of the billings. The Fortinet Security Fabric delivers a broad and widely-integrated and automated security solution for enterprise worldwide, offering huge opportunity for growth. Additionally, cloud security continues to be a faster growing part of our business. We work with all of the major cloud providers and will continue to expand our Fabric offering for multi-cloud environments. As of Q1, the Security Fabric is fully available within AWS environments. During the quarter, we announced 11 new Fabric-Ready partners, including Arista, IBM, McAfee, ServiceNow, and VMware. To-date, Fortinet has 43 Fabric-Ready partners which further expands our Security Fabric across the hybrid cloud. The transition into the third-generation of network security expected to drive our growth as well as market share gains in the next few years. We continue to balance the investment to make sure Fortinet remain a technology and market leader while improving our operating margin as we work towards our goal of achieving our long-term operating margin target of 25% by 2022. Now, before I turn the call over for a review of our first quarter financial result, I would like to congratulate Keith Jensen for being appointed by our board of directors to be our Chief Financial Officer. Congratulations, Keith. I will now turn the call over to you for a close look on our first quarter performance and our second quarter and full year guidance.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Shaul, it's Ken. Good questions. I think it's a combination of both. We always had strong team in EMEA and also GDPR also help. And compared to some other region, the EMEA team's pretty long-term stable, they're keeping doing quite well.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Okay. I think the carrier service provider space are usually in a stabilized – starting to recover, but not quite there yet. And especially international, they're a little bit ahead of Americans here, U.S. And also kind of a little bit related to the previous question Shaul asked, because our top two deals come from the Europe service provider, carrier space, that's also kind of helping both in Europe – in the carrier space a lot. But if you compare it to year-over-year, it's pretty much on a percentage-wise pretty much flat. So I'd say it's still a lot of opportunity. And also, we launched a new product, high-end, more targeted at carrier, the big service provider, the big enterprise account, which also takes some time because it tend to be long-sales cycle. That's also kind of where we say, we need some time to ramp up.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I see, that's the one single deal, eight-digit, one year ago, pretty much all high-end and also in the last few quarters we launched 6000, new 7000, which also take a little bit long time to sell because there's a bigger kind of carrier. And that's also contributed to some of the high-end percentage a little bit lower. But we do see as a more competitive product, which we feel confidence will keeping and gaining share also in high end later.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: For the question related to the SD-WAN and the other cloud-related player and also like Cisco, we have SD-WAN fully integrated into the FortiOS, which we have one box. They offer both the security, the SD-WAN, the other, like Wi-Fi access, the other network function, access function like Wi-Fi, all these things. It's different than the other vendors. They have to use multiple boxes because today's SD-WAN offering – they don't have a processing power, don't have a computing power to do any securities in there. So that's a huge advantage to the customer. And also different compared to some cloud providers which – SD-WAN is ready. The benefits will come from the branch office and a lot of big deployment for the service provider. And that's where it's a huge benefit, if they can integrate together with the security function with other network and access function together. So that's where we see a lot of advantage and a lot of interest, a lot more trial from the field. So we do believe we're leading this space, and we'll benefit a lot from this well integrated and automated approach.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Like I said, I kind of repeat the target of a 25% margin by 2022 in my script there, but also we see the market opportunity. I think probably in the next one or two years you will see some refreshing cycle come up, and we do believe – we kind of in the last couple quarters, we add additional hiring effort and catch up the hiring shortfall we have in the early part of last year. And so, we do add sales capacity, but at the same time we also want to improve in the productivity and also make sure the efficiency is also there. So that's where we try to balance around this, too. So the end goal is the same. We may try to leave a little bit room on the way to reach there. But as we also depend on the market condition, the product launching and other things we're doing within the company, but the goal is the same. We want to reach 25% operating margin in the next three years, but also we still try to balance among both the growth and also the profitability in the margin.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think the high end take a little bit more time to close the deal because we launch the high end 6000, 7000 in the last few quarters. So that's where the percentage comes from high end, a little bit lower, but the total unit growth 20% above the billing growth of 15%. A lot of come from – the help come from whether – I think we're starting to have the SD-WAN function in 5.6, which is the FortiOS we launched almost two years ago. And then the FortiOS 6.0, keeping hands in that. That's also drive a lot of branch office deployment of other interest on the field. So that's we're helping drive a lot of like SMBs. Some low end unit growth in there, but we do believe the high end will keep coming back after maybe a couple quarters once the customer, like, fully evaluate the benefit of the high end unit. And also some time the carrier, service provider and the big account also take a little bit long time to close the deal. So the unit base more drive by the low end side is above average.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Also, for the unit growth, based on the IDC data, we almost have 30% of total global deployment. And in some region, countries like APAC, we almost have more than half of the deployment is really the Fortinet product. And we do expect to keep gaining share. I hope in a few years we can have a global, more than 50% of global deployment really of FortiGate product. And that's also keeping driving by the new ASIC come up later this year and also the new FortiOS 6.0 which also adds a lot of function, like SD-WAN, helping driving the additional growth.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Keith mentioned in the earnings script that cloud is a triple-digit growth. But also besides cloud, we also leading and see strong growth potential in the IoT, OT space. So we demonstrate at Analyst Day that connected car security and a lot of IoT, OT security also, we're starting to see a lot of potential going forward.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I'll also mentioned in the AWS, we offered a full Fabric in the cloud environment and that's not only the network security but also from like email, from the web, from the rough analysis, from order management and endpoints. So there's just a lot of Fabric approach in the cloud environment. I think we have the most broad solution and that's really the Fabric approach also doing well in the cloud environment.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think so far we're leading, gaining share based on the – most come from FortiGate but then the advantage we have without other part of Fabric integrated together, that's has huge advantage because the number one issue the customers are facing today is really the management costs are very high. And on the big enterprise, average they have to deal with 20 to 30 different security vendors and most of them don't even connect or talk to each other which making the Fabric, we call the, infrastructure security defenses more difficult. If you cannot integrate, you cannot automate a defense, you cannot make all these different part of infrastructure working together to defend an attack. So that's the huge advantage of the Fabric. Not only just our own product but also the Fabric-Ready program I mentioned. We have a 43 Fabric-Ready partner that's also make sure is – all different part of the infrastructure, can talk to each other. So Fortinet product have all the API to integrate with other different partners also. So this approach we see huge advantage and the lowered management costs make it more secure, more automate to defense, so that's where the enterprise like it a lot. So we do see a huge potential going forward, both within our own product, which we tend to build from the beginning to integrate, automate together and also working with our partner products. So it grows faster than the FortiGate and also it's a huge opportunity to up-sell, cross-sell our installation base. Like I mentioned, we have almost 30% global deployment on a unit base, which also gives us huge base to potentially grow from the current base and then the new opportunity mostly comes from enterprise. We also see a lot of potential there.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I feel the market condition probably improving a little bit. And like I mentioned, every four or five years the refresh cycle comes up. The last refresh cycle comes from like a 2013, 2014. At that time, it mostly comes from, we call, the current generation UTM, next-gen firewall replacing the traditional firewall. And now we see the new refresh come in, and I would rather say this is the new generation using the infrastructure Fabric approach, which connect from the network side to the endpoint to the cloud to the access to the application like email/web together to defend, replacing just the network security only. So that's where we feel this is a new trend and it just started and may take a few years to, even for some – both the customer partner to realize the benefit of this infrastructure protection approach. But I do believe this is quite an opportunity to refresh, to accelerate some of the growth, both in appliance and also in the cloud environment because the Fabric do include in the cloud, which is a part of the infrastructure. So that's kind of in addition to the traditional appliance, which also needed in a lot of CPM environment and also in a lot of branch office, also in the high quality data center.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: It's customer study evaluate. It is not like last time that they're rushed to buy because they feel bigger case make a lot of customer concern. But this time because every four, five years the hardware tend to get too slow and then lack of the additional performance or function. So the customer starting to do some evaluation, but they're not like last time they're like more rushed to buy upgrade, but this time they probably may take some time. But also the Fabric approach they all like it, they also starting evaluate whether the network part can working with other part of infrastructure. So that's where probably a sales cycle take a little bit longer, not like last time that the news drive some of the decision, but this time they are pretty carefully evaluate and see what's the true benefit. But definitely the hardware, just like any other networking gear or server, after a few years they need to be upgraded.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: The sales and marketing, we starting add capacity in the last couple quarter. If you look at the Q2 last year, the sales head count capacity actually was down compared to Q1, so that's actually limit our potential growth. So in the last two, three quarter, we started hiring – the head count hiring rate and we see it starting normalized now. But on the other side, we also starting improving the productivity and tried to improving both on the top line and the bottom line.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, I think threat intelligence always is a big value-added to our customer because we have the biggest deployment globally, and help us collect a lot of available information. And also, we have one of the biggest team and the best team in the industry – and also working with some other partners in the CTA, Cyber Threat Alliance, which also cooperate and sharing some intelligence information. So we feel this is a pretty valuable, good intelligence information service, a lot of customer service providers can benefit, but it's still in the very early stage. We try to see what's the best way to share with some of the partner and the customer.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. Like I said, they also consider this as part of the whole infrastructure approach, but we have a very strong offering in the cloud environment also and especially very broad. Like I mentioned, we have the most broad cloud offering, not just network security, but also cover all different application from the sandbox, in the e-mail, the web, the management, and all the analysis. So that's because we're the strongest player in the cloud space, and also matched well in the Fabric approach. So we're the only vendor that can offer this infrastructure Fabric approach in the cloud environment. That's also driven the winning of some of the key customer.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think our advantage over any other competitor is the first on the network security side. We're the only one building our own ASIC chip, and that's from day one when we started the company, even come from my previous company, is this philosophy actually helping driving the performance, additional functionality. You can see some other bigger company doing the GPU, TPU also for the similar past now and there's a huge benefit. We're keeping gaining share. No matter which competitor, we feel we're more comfortable to compete with anyone of them. And then we also offer a much broader approach and the most – nowadays the product are also built internally, whether from the endpoint, from the management, from the Wi-Fi access, from the web/email. So all this also helping drive, what we call, the infrastructure Fabric approach which from day one they build together, working together, integrate together, automate together. So none of our competitors can compete in on this broad and automated, integrated approach. So that's where we're keeping gaining from both on the network side and also, we call, the Fabric infrastructure side. I cannot comment on particular competitor, but I do see we starting grow faster, we keeping gaining share. And with additional sales and marketing capacity that we started building the last couple quarters, we feel more confident of keeping gaining share.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: RSA is starting get a lot of noise now, I have to say. But there is no particular, but we do see the customers like the Fabric approach and which helping defend all this infrastructure from – I mean, multiple layer defense on the infrastructure side. And also they are very excited about the new high-end we launched, even still in the early ramp-up stage, but we do see a lot of potential will come from both the high-end and also the Fabric approach.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Also, with the additional investment we made in the marketing and the sales capacity, that's also helping driven the pipeline, the learnings, I think that's all helping to accelerate growth.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: That depends on how different application and where they deployed. Sometime like when you put something in the cloud, you also need to access that application and it may increase the need for secured access of that. So it's really – I'd say it's difficult to say – it's case-by-case, vertical-by-vertical for how this may impact or maybe increase the current business there.
Keith F. Jensen: Hi, Fatima. Good question. To really get to the quick of it, we look at large deals. We split large deals between the U.S. and the rest of the world. It's a larger population oftentimes in the U.S. as compared to the rest of the world. And so we want to kind of bifurcate that when we look at our forecasting and guidance setting process. We look at our historical rates of number of deals, the dollar value associated with those deals and our historical close rates, and then we have conversations with the key salespeople that are involved to get a sense of where we should be with our expected close rates in the current quarter as we set our guidance.
Keith F. Jensen: I think the – we're very pleased with the 20% growth in our unit shipments. Right? That provides a footprint for us to continue to sell services. So first and foremost, that's very attractive. I think when you look at the mix year-over-year, what we did not have was the large high-end deal in the first quarter of 2018 that we had in the first quarter of 2017. And so, when you look at the mix between high-end, low-end and mid-range, we saw more low-end in the quarter than we did a year-ago.
Keith F. Jensen: We don't typically model to free cash flow or operating cash flow. Our recollection was that it was up slightly 8% on operating cash flow year-over-year, so we feel good about that. I think I've spoken previously that some of the large drivers in addition to, obviously, earnings, monitoring inventory changes, deferred revenue and such are among the large drivers as you go-forward to model it.
Keith F. Jensen: Hi, Gabriela. Thank you very much for the question. Yeah, I think the – we would expect and we're modeling seasonality in the current year that's not inconsistent with what we've seen in earlier years. I think that's one part of your question. The second part I think was productivity, and I would say I feel very comfortable with the required productivity level based upon the current head count and the net head count planning as we go forward for the rest of the year.
Keith F. Jensen: Hi, Keith. Thank you for your comments. So don't want to make too much of accounting granularity, but two things that impact us really on the revenue line for 606. One is some time-based software licenses revenue, and that's the kind of the small item that we continue to see benefit from the rest of the year. The second change was how we recognized revenue in the U.S. market. Previously, we were on a sell-in basis – probably sell-through basis...
Keith F. Jensen: ...and we are now on a sell-in basis. And so that change probably lifted revenue about $4 million in the quarter, and I would not expect that one-time change, even in small numbers – I would not expect to see that one-time type change again in future quarters. That's why I'm guiding a lower impact on the revenue line going forward.
Keith F. Jensen: Thanks, Melissa. I think we've talked before that, in Q1, we said we thought we'd be aggressive in our buy back approach. And you should expect to – I would offer the same commentary that I expect Q2, as we move through the year, to be consistent with Q1, if that's what you're looking for. I think our overall strategy...
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah. I think we continue to have a history of looking at tuck-ins as we build-out the Fabric. I don't sense a change of that in the last couple of months. We continue to be very, very proud with our organic approach to building out our fully-integrated product suite. We continue to believe that there is significant benefit from that methodology and we're very happy with it.
Keith F. Jensen: Don't know that – so we would have probably three key elements to the cloud, when we talk about cloud, when we talk about on-demand or pay-as-you-go as we call it, when we talk about BYOL, and when we also talk about on-prem or hybrid clouds. I don't know – obviously, the on-demand, I couldn't speak to the source of new customers or existing customers and I really don't have color in terms of new logos versus existing logos on BYOL or hybrid or on-prem.
Keith F. Jensen: Overall, I would say, I'm very, very excited about the cloud opportunity, particularly with them all coming online now, understanding they have somewhat different models sometimes. You may have some that are more focused on on-demand, others that are maybe focused on leveraging their current customer or client base and more of a BYOL model. But there's a lot of exciting things happening in the cloud for us.
Keith F. Jensen: I would just come back to the one example we gave in my text earlier. It was an existing customer but we also use that opportunity to displace a competitor and we would call that a hybrid cloud-type of a situation. The total universe remains small but that was very noticeable and very positive for us.
Keith F. Jensen: Sorry, Gray. This is Keith again. I would just add to that again, 20% unit shipment growth year-over-year, and I think we've been talking about that for a couple quarters now on our calls. Yeah, I'm excited about the shipment growth, and I'm not – don't concerned about whether it shows up in product or services longer term. We just want to continue to have our footprint with our customers and the opportunity to continue to add more services to them.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think a lot of things were happening in last year's number, right? I think if you look at Q1 and Q2 OpEx, by itself the total OpEx last year was down $4 million from Q1 to Q2. I've got the headwind coming in of FX that impacted the quarter as well. So I think looking at a quarter where it went up last year 5.5 points from Q1 to Q2, and trying to match that again this quarter is a little rough, right? So I think of it more of a sequential margin is probably more applicable as we try to get to a smoother glide path.
Keith F. Jensen: Hey, Gregg. It's Keith. Thanks for the comment. And I think we've talked before that we experienced – we modeled out a small uptick in term throughout the year. I'd probably pull back just a little bit from that, probably feeling – we've had good conversations about term internally, like the results that we've seen recently in our numbers. All the right people are focused on it. I wouldn't say it's a big shift, but I'm certainly not extending the term – let's put it that way – in the models.
Keith F. Jensen: Hey, Brad. This is Keith. I'm just going to jump in front of Ken a little bit on this. So the first point is that's a new logo for us. That's not an existing customer.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah. So we're very excited about that. And we did some economics on the back of the envelope of what it would have been if it had been an appliance sale. It's actually bigger as a software deal than it is as a hardware deal. So I'll hand that back to Ken.
Keith F. Jensen: Well, the rule certainly is consistent throughout the year, but we don't typically keep a lot of inventory in the channel. You can go back and check the Ks and the Qs. We have a mid-single digit number of weeks that we like to keep in the channel of inventory that's certainly not a large number. So what you saw in the first quarter was really just bringing the U.S. up to where the international distributors have been. To the extent that the U.S. has continued growth throughout 2018, there would likely be some uplift in that. But I don't see us making significant changes in how much inventory we keep in the channel at the moment.
Keith F. Jensen: I mean, shipments and revenue growth, whether it's with the – I mean, the – I'm not quite sure I follow the question.
Keith F. Jensen: We sell to distributors who then sell onto resellers and we have a fairly short list of distributors in the U.S. to sell into.
Keith F. Jensen: No, I don't think there's anything to call out. I mean, the large deal we had in Q1 of 2017 was in EDU, so maybe that's skewing the numbers a little bit, but I wouldn't say as a vertical that has me concerned like that.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, the cash taxes in reverse order has not changed from the number that I simply had out before which is about $44 million. I don't know that we've talked about quarterly cash taxes. I could offer that if you took that $44 million...
Keith F. Jensen: Okay, okay. And then we don't guide on free cash flow. We don't guide long-term on free cash flow. But I could offer that the new building will probably be about 175,000 square feet going on our existing land that we already own. We would like to move in by the end of 2019. So that's probably enough data that you probably model how that might roll through.
Keith F. Jensen: I don't know that we would go to that level of granularity, but I would say that we feel very good about the uptick in the pipeline. There's been a lot of people focused on it, it's doing a lot of good things and we're seeing results there. Carriers specifically, you've got two different models, you have EMEA and you have the U.S. We see indications in the U.S. that they may be moving a little bit more away from some of their maintenance mode of projects to some new projects, but I think that's very early on. There's a bit of a pattern in terms of how carrier comes in over the last several years. It has a lot of year-end activity, Q2 not so much.
Keith F. Jensen: I think the simple response is they would buy the license from us and then they would take it to the cloud service provider.
