Michelle Spolver: Hi everybody, apology for that again. Want to be respect for your time, but I also wanted -- I think it's important for everybody to hear the information. Not that everyone is dying to hear our disclaimer but let me go and read it one more time. And then we’ll conclude this quickly. Please note that some of the comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular the risk factors in our Form 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect to our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial metrics on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP-to-non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and on Slide 14 and 15 of the presentation that accompanies today's remarks. Please refer to our Investor Relations section of our website for more important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago and slides that accompany today's prepared remarks. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I would say thank you all for email me and told me about the sound quality because we don’t know the problem on our end. So if by chance it happens again please contact me, email or text message for those. And with that I’ll turn the call back over to Ken. 
Michelle Spolver: Yes, and I think the only thing I would like to add is that in Ken's prepared remarks he talked about several deals, highlighted a few of several deals that we won on the ATP front. And all the ones he highlighted, and they are all significant organizations, government organizations or enterprises, those included more than the Sandbox. So yes, ATP is a hot market. Vendors are being evaluated. It's definitely gone and opened up to firewall vendors with ATP solutions, but really where Fortinet's advantage is in addition to having integration between the firewall and the ATP, is the ability really to do it, to detect these types of threats and to correlate activity and communicate back and forth at the mail server through our FortiMail product, the web application firewall through FortiWeb, clients through FortiClient, as well as FortiGate and FortiSandbox.
Michelle Spolver: The other thing I'd add too, though Michael, is that when we give our guidance for Q3 we said we didn't break it up. We made a very clear point that we weren't breaking it up. We said it wasn't going to be what -- it was less than what the Street was sort of forecasting. We worked it into, and we consider that. We considered that the contribution into our guidance and we overachieved our guidance. And the far overachievement -- and the overachievement on billings did not [multiple speakers]
Michelle Spolver: I think what you're talking -- it does help to actually if you're talking about Q3 or Q4. I think what he's asking from a revenue perspective what -- one, we don't break it out, but what contribution comes from outside. In the markets we identified, and in Q3 a headwind came from Canada. In Q4, when we’re talking in terms of uncertainty, it still remains to be Canada, and Canada's in a recession, its public. And Brazil is just uncertain in terms of what happens in their economy. I would say we don't break out revenue for billings for a country. But together Latin America and Canada is a material portion of America's revenue.
Michelle Spolver: And they brought it in conjunction -- it's a branch to core. They bought high-end products, they bought midrange products, and they bought a lot of low-range products.
Michelle Spolver: You have to look at it, though. I mean, I think that for us, we're looking at continued growth. We're really looking at the type of deals that we are winning, the logos that we're winning. So I think every quarter's a little bit different in terms of growth as we get bigger. So the numbers will get smaller in terms of growth. But what's really important to us is making sure we're getting the right deals that will fuel our growth for the future. And we talk about, again, securing deals in 11 of the top 25. The deals we won this quarter we're really proud of. We've talked about who they are, one of the largest investment banks in the world, two of the largest technology brands in the world. So those are not the type of deals that we were getting before we made the investment in the U.S. enterprise, So we're pleased with that.
Michelle Spolver: I don't know that we can explain any more than we just explained. I mean, I think that obviously the growth is lower from a year-on-year perspective. I'd have to go back and look at and see what it was in Q3 and how difficult the comp was. But it's going to change quarter-to-quarter. And I think for us what's really important is getting the right companies and we've really been focusing a lot on the high end. Drew mentioned, I think, before in terms of, and Ken, doing a little bit -- needing to do a little bit more where investments will be going as well on the mid-market, which are clearly enterprise.
Michelle Spolver: Okay, John. Actually before -- actually, if I can interrupt I know we have a few people in the queue here. We need to start a 3:30 call and we need to get off this call to start the next one. So I think let's just have the next question be the last question. And then I apologize there's three of you in the queue. If you are planning on calling back at 3:30, I will make sure you get the first -- the priority in the queue. So with that, I think let's take the next question.
Ken Xie: Okay. Thanks Michelle, and I hope everyone can hear me okay. And thank you for joining the call today to discuss our third quarter 2015 results. I'm pleased to share that for the third consecutive quarter of this year, Fortinet accelerated billings growth to a record level, deliver 41% billings growth. So this is approximately four times the current growth rate of the network security market, and at the highest growth rate, we have ever achieved as a public Company. Our technology advantage is very strong and our growth strategy is working. Our Q3 business was driven by ongoing healthy security spending environment to defend against an increasing array of sophisticated security attacks, companies continue to invest in upgrading and expanding their network infrastructure and selecting Fortinet's high-performance best-in-class integrated platforms. During the quarter, we won deals with some of the world's largest enterprise, finance institutions and service providers. This type of customers require the best product and perform the most stringent testing for their complex security environment. Time and time again, Fortinet outperform competitors with a superior technology and unmatched level of performance, validation of this is in our managed and products' application and recommendations. We also continue to see strong enterprise demand, we deployed high-speed FortiGate appliance as an internal segmentation firewall to help protect the key network resources from attack that get past prime-tech defences or come from within. This more high performance that is required for the internal firewall deployment is something Fortinet offered better than anyone else. And the ability to deploy our solution in a transparent or switch mode to enhance, not disrupt, the existing network security architecture is enabling expansion opportunity for our installed base and is also opening door with competitive account. In the third quarter, sales of our FortiSandbox advanced server protection appliance increased to record level, more than tripling year over year. On the ATP front, beyond just our NSS recommend FortiSandbox appliance, Fortinet has a strong advantage in our ability to offer ATP frame work not integrate FortiSandbox with 40-gig next-generation firewall, Fortinet email security, FortiWeb Web application firewall, and Fortify and from security product with our world-class solutions team to detect, correlate, stop near the threat and the parameter internal Internet, and Web, and end point. Customer want less competitive and a true integration and competition between multiple protection systems. Just some of the many that we win during the quarter including a seven-figure deal with a large U.S. based service provider, a Fortune 100 U.S. technology service company, a well-known U.S. federal government entity and a large Asian Pacific city government. Fortinet has a comprehensive platform of products and services to protect the cloud to the client and the network point in between. So a strong partner ecosystem, which can be seen on Slide 3, we can tightly integrate and interoperate at our major relation, SDN, cloud, secured analytics and the new vendors. During Q3, we enhanced and expand our ecosystem to include deeper partnership with VMWare through the NSX with addition with the FortiGate VMX 2.0. This complements Fortinet's internal technician [ph] power strategy that enhances the security culture of micro-segmentation in the data center. We also broadened our partnership with Cisco to integrate the FortiGate next-generation firewall into Cisco ACS software-defined network architecture. And we entered into new technology into our ability partnership with Splunk and our recent network, as well as a technology integration and a sales partnership with Capgemini and NTT. All of these partnership broaden our market opportunity and make it easy for customer to secure the multivendor, multilayer networks. Fortinet has a clear technology advantage and a strong and innovative road map in place to help us continue to strengthen our market position. In addition to new product and software that will expand our advantage and opportunities, our soon to be released FortiASIC quantum processing line or widen Fortinet's performance path even further. Our eyes are set on the continued growth and innovation, and I feel confident about our road ahead. Now I will turn the call to Drew to further review our Q3 financial results and provide outlook for the remainder of the year.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. Also the reason we buy Meru was really wanted to secure Wi-Fi, not just the Wi-Fi they did in the past. And also that's where we only vendor to offer security combined Wi-Fi together. So, that's where most of sales team, Meru team, really had to be retrained to see how to sell a secure Wi-Fi solution, which we started a few years ago. So that's the purpose really, not continue the traditional Wi-Fi, but really secure Wi-Fi solutions. So that's the long-term target we have.
Ken Xie: Yes. That is really like including the Meru sales force. We add a lot of sales force in Q3. And most of them need to be trained. They need to ramp up, especially in U.S. side. And that's where we are keeping like get them ramp up quickly, but at the same time, it's also somewhat a deal may take time to get better.
Ken Xie: Okay. The ASIC kind of processor the one we build a successful chip, was started new to the product. Probably would take like a few years to totally go out for the product. This apply for all the mid and high-end, and some of the low-end because low-end we using the system chip, which also integrates some of the function from the kind of processor there. So that's where it's -- like we said in the past, probably every quarter there's a couple of new products using the new chip and because they have a huge performance improvement. Like some example, like in the [SSR] acceleration, so we've improved performance by 14 times. And like the intrusion engine, they more than doubled. Like the IP stack, and that performance more than tripled. I think it is a lot of improvement, in fact a lot of new function we have. So that will help us to gain a lot of new performance in the middle range and the high end, especially to process the content side. It will take some time. We don't see much material impact, but once the product come out you can see the differentiation will widen the gap, because not our competitor will be able to deliver this kind of performance, especially in the company processing angle there.
Ken Xie: The bundle also is, as you can see, the gross margin has been the highest in the last couple of years. It's at 74% now, keeping -- that's actually similar contribution. And at the same time you can see that deferred revenue growth was over $700 million, grow like 41%. And that's also higher than the revenue, higher than the product growth. That's some contribute from the bundle increase, because the bundle also -- not only just the hardware, but also that the increase volume in the service component there. That's also helping probably more the shift in something to the server side.
Ken Xie: One there, also the marketing also, we have the new marketing leadership there. And that's where we're keeping our best, because what we've fallen behind compared to some of our competitors, really, the mid-enterprise, which need a marketing help a lot. So that's we were keeping building both the marketing and also the mid-enterprise. It takes some time and also we have to make some adjustment in Q3, both in the field and also in the management. So we do believe we have the best product once we get all the right process, all the right -- the team in place, you can see the growth can be accelerate.
Ken Xie: And also, like we’ve mentioned the growth. This is not only at a sales capacity, but also improving the process and efficiency, so that other part, we also doing. So that's, I think, sometimes the growth can be outpaced the investment sometime if you have the better process, you can also do it other way.
Ken Xie: Yes. It's for the large enterprise as the all like the idea and the study implement the internal segmentation firewall. We don't see any study yet because I think for the big enterprise, again, we are studying when there are a lot of large enterprise like close to 11 of the top 25 like Fortune 25 company there. It's most of them really you've seen some internal segmentation to protect inside their network using like what they call a transparent mode or the switch mode which can protect different department, different server there. It's a net add in this whole network secured space because it is still keeping the parameters security, but it's additional protection for them. How big, how quick the market grows, we may still need a few quarter to see, but it's -- I feel it's a new architecture needed to protect a lot of big enterprise.
Ken Xie: I think they see a lot of a new attack, and because you see a lot of news in -- about a security breach there. And ATP is a pretty hot topic these days. But what actually helps is really how we can make an ATP working together with firewall, with other email web system because today some other like APT vendor, they can only detect some of the attack. They cannot do anything about it to prevent it happen or block. So that's the key differentiation. And we see we're needed for the customer to not only detect but also take action, and send to automatic action to prevent all these attack. It's a -- and long-term wise I do believe ATP more like a 10 years, 15 years ago our intrusion system will be part of a gateway. And just like in early days there an intruding detection system, the IDP, and then ID action -- the IP intrusion prevention. And then the next day it will be integrated into the firewall, whether Canadian firewall called UTM. So that's I feel that the ATP still in the early stage, more in the detection and they still need to working with other gateway device to do the prevention. But eventually I hope ATP can do some prevention itself. Eventually also will integrate to the gateway. So that's what I see, still in the early stage.
Ken Xie: Mike probably $10 million really, the reason on Meru was really it has offered a secure Wi-Fi solution. We’d do that, it's a huge market opportunity in Wi-Fi space. So that's -- so we had to retrain a lot of sales, pretty much of sales there in Meru to how to do the secure Wi-Fi solutions, or that's the purpose we're doing. Also, you see the early question we have the most service piece right now. So that's where you see the deferred revenue growth is higher than some other part. So I'm not sure the revenue or the billing -- maybe billing is a better way to measure it.
Ken Xie: We also promised we’ll maintain the operating margin, 14% for the year, even with the acquisition. So that's also lot of reporting there, try to make sure we keep the cost down.
Ken Xie: They are definitely the partner which already have quite some installation in whether data center in the network side. So that's where the partnership really help us not only get into some new deal but also enhance some of the solution we have with them. I guess also said as would empower ahead of our competitor because like I said, it's a secure to need to be part of infrastructure. So this partnership actually help us like make our solution fit better in the total solution there. It's difficult to quantify any of this partnership may bring it, but definitely from the position side is a well positioned, much better than like a couple quarters ago. Also the Sprung is other company we partner well, so we have a joint event a few weeks ago, and it's a long customer like the partnership a lot.
Ken Xie: Also, some of the big enterprise deal can be chunky. And for us sometime winning some new customer initially, maybe a small could be more important because they have a long-term value there. So that's where like you see some quarter there are maybe a few bigger deal, they may help the growth. But sometime -- but we also want to measured how many new customers we also signed on. So that's why we're happy with the result in last quarter.
Ken Xie: Some customer can be by, so like some big enterprise customer, they can buy like tens of hundred high-end box in one deal. That's why I mentioned some deals can be chunky. That may shift a certain percentage associating a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. So we're not worried about some of that. It's only like -- we're more looking at long-term value, and that is some new deal and I mean, new customer. Some is more important and because like once we land it, we see the long-term value. And like Drew said, the initial $1 purchase, a few years they can expand more than $5. So that's more important for us.
Ken Xie: Yes. Scott maybe the other way to measure, you look at the number of deal over like whether $1 million or $0.5 million $0.25 million. So that growth rate has not slowed down, and that has maintained almost the same compared to the last few quarter. But it's some of enterprise, like I said, the big enterprise, they can have some bigger deal which is chunky, may affect quarter up and down little bit and the last word and also some developed by the many like do some big enterprise, they may like do some branch office deployment, which may also change in the percentage of our high-end to low-end product. and that's what happened in the last -- could be happening in the last few quarters.
Ken Xie: Yes the other point, really, we are much more diversified compared to some other company to focus in certain sector, so both on the geographic, you can see the international and like a both in the APAC and also American here, we were quite well diversified. The same thing in different sectors, whether the carrier, the enterprise, the SMBs, so we are much more diversified that's where making -- so we have a healthy building growth even some enterprise mix change in some of the deal may be like a shifting from quarter to quarter. But we're not that impact compared with some other companies.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Fair enough, Brent. Yes, on the billing side I think we over performed a bit. So that's like fine. Look, I think just the revenue, it's a little harder to predict. Part of it was just simply as you raise prices you end up carving out more per billings dollar, quite frankly, because the price is higher and you reflect more of the overall deal value, say the invoice value, to deferred revenue than revenue. And I think that's a piece of it. But there was nothing else there that I can point to that really had any effect on the revenue side. But it came in at the high end of guidance, didn’t quite pick up all the benefit you saw in the billing side. But I’d attribute it to just small amounts of just different -- kind of the accounting difference, if you will.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I mean, look, just start with EMEA. I mean 50% growth is, I think, outstanding. We're very proud of that. I think the fact that we grew, I think, what 33% in APAC, which is almost double the rate of growth, and really just due to investments there really over the last six months. I think these are things we are proud of. When you kind -- when you come closer to home, clearly the security demand environment hasn't changed. I heard one of our competitors say that everything goes out to RFP anymore because it's a board-level conversation. That's absolutely the case. I think the -- clearly the deals are there, that's our opportunity. The only thing we point to in terms of where we saw kind of a bit of a soft spot was probably Canada. Clearly we would have liked to see them perform a little better. But I think that's just due to their economic situation up there. That was really the point. And then looking forward, we pointed that out. And I think we're also being somewhat cautious about just emerging markets in general, given the economic situation in any commodity based economy.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Brazil I think we pointed out in the script, yes, specifically. But I would say Latin America could be even a tougher place. We haven't seen that yet in Latin America. Latin America had a decent quarter, quite frankly.
Drew Del Matto: It helps a little bit on the billings. It helps -- what it does is it helps on the deferred revenue, which I was just explaining to Brent, Gray. So it rolls into revenue over time because you have a higher -- if you look at the overall deal value, so to speak, a higher percentages is now attributed to the undelivered element or the subscriptions and support which you deliver over 12 months or longer. I think you get a little bit of pricing uplift over time. Clearly that's a piece of the growth, I think. I don't have a specific number for you, but I would consider it a tailwind. I don't think it's a major tailwind. But I think it's a tailwind. I think it still takes time to work its way all the way through. We're doing a lot of larger deals with installed base customers. We saw quite a bit of that activity. It's hard to instill that price increase just upfront. That's something that rolls in over time. And so we hope to get that benefit over the longer term.
Drew Del Matto: Just starting with what we're trying to accomplish with Meru, I think it's just really important to set the context. When we see -- again, wireless was becoming part of enterprise networks. And so it's another way to access the network. And so we had a wireless product. Meru had high density wireless. We're bringing the two together, effectively, to give us a broader presence in a $5 million market, quite frankly. So that was the idea there. And where we saw most of the value is really in the R&D team. We brought over the sales team, but we did our best to wean efficiencies. And we restructured, quite frankly, quite a bit of the Meru team, because obviously if you do the math, I think somebody said the margins would be $10 million to $13 million, low teen-millions dilutive. And I think we've done a good job of basically incorporating them without taking that hit. So what we did was basically failed redundancies across the merged Company. And then also found ways to eliminate real estate where possible, where we have multiple and dual location, let’s say. And then just even synergies on the contract side. And we'll continue to look to do that. I mean, that's one of the benefits here. But we did not buy it as a run rate business. Clearly, Meru is not -- first of all, they weren't really performing at their run rate. You saw declining revenues. And I would characterize the business as kind of continuing in that direction, quite frankly. We didn't -- it was not growth in what they had in the past, certainly.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, and Gray, I would even say this. I mean, what we were really trying to do, when you think about the business we acquired, was penetrate the install base with FortiGate and FortiGuard. And we even had incentives. We even changed the incentives to target the sales force to go that. I think, look, clearly we'll acknowledge that they were probably clearing out their funnels to a certain extent. But we had additional incentives in place, really encouraging the teams to work together to get their installed base on Fortinet products. That's really what we're trying to do strategically, both near and long term. And then, as Ken said the overall injecting more security into their wireless end.
Drew Del Matto: No, I don't think there's anything to call out. I think it's relative to the upside. Again, we are at the high end of the guidance on revenue. You are really talking about the mix. I actually think it's a normal mix, if you go back and look historically. It's not out of line with the normal. I can't really speak to what you had in your models. I pointed to a little bit of an accounting change, certainly versus a year ago. And that does account for some of it. It dilutes the upfront revenue, quite frankly, as you increase the price of the bundle on a deal-by-deal basis. I don't have anything, there's really nothing else there. I don't see anything else there that would -- certainly nothing there to bother us. I think we've pointed out, if there were any soft spots in the business, it would be more the Canada and Brazil that we talked about, emerging markets so to speak, and probably more going forward than in retrospect. And other than that, I think the billings were pretty strong.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Just one last point on the revenue, not to revisit it. But I look at billings to be -- to really reflect the overall health of the business. We've talked in the past about trying to create recurring revenue streams. The bundles actually do that very well. You may have a little bit of upfront dilution because of the change. But over time, that's the gift that keeps on giving. So effectively I have the right to bill more over time. So really I would focus more on that, the fact that from the price increase perspective, that you're really generating a higher customer lifetime value, because that's the part that you renew over time versus the upfront, which only refreshes every so often.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. So Sterling, we, as you said, the investments are paying off. I mean, 41% growth, I think we've had record quarters several quarters ago on the billing side, so clearly paying off. We continue to see demand. And I believe that most of our competitors are saying the same thing. It's a unique opportunity to go after the incumbent space, as well as just the overall growth in security market. So it's a unique opportunity that we see, and quite frankly we're going to continue to invest. We've said that and we stand by that. We see specific opportunities in APAC. We think just a little bit of investment there in the last six months or so has made a big difference and elsewhere around the world. I mean 50% growth off some pretty good run rate in EMEA right now, I think is emblematic of the opportunity out there. And so we're going for it at. And again, the CLV happens. I think we've had a -- we've mentioned quite a bit of follow-on deals. We did 11 deals with the -- I don't know if we mentioned this, but we closed 11 deals with the U.S. Fortune 25 this quarter, some of those were expansion deals. And then the last point I would make is we are doing, we believe, extremely well at the top end of the enterprise. And one of the areas we want to invest in is more kind of in the middle and smaller part, smaller size of the enterprise. And that takes a different market awareness program, if you will, or a volatile strategy and investments, some slightly different kind of lead-to-conversion cycle. And then the sales enablement side is different. And so how we -- we are still making adjustments and we're going to continue to invest because we see opportunity. And I would just cycle back. We see the value again for every $1 initially spent on our 2009 cohort they've spent $5 over time over the next five years. And we believe that applies, and certainly we feel like we're doing extremely well at the top end and we want to translate that across the broader enterprise market.
Drew Del Matto: And then Sterling, just to finish, and it sounds like you might have had a follow-up or you want to push a little bit. But, we have a lot of new people in place here. And we've had a lot of success. And we now have the opportunity to really go through a robust strategic and tactical planning exercise that would -- and it would be far more beneficial to go through that with the new team than to give guidance that we didn't necessarily feel comfortable with in 2016. And so we gave guidance for 2015. We look forward to giving guidance in January on 2016. But the right thing to do here is really go look at the market, look at our opportunities, and make sure that we have the people and investments in line to drive the highest possible growth rate that leads to the highest customer long-term value for our shareholders.
Drew Del Matto: Look, I would say the right thing -- we're not -- clearly we've guided on ’15. I would leave it we're going to continue to invest. How much we're going to invest, we really need to go through our planning cycle with our new teams. And again, we'll give you an update in January.
Drew Del Matto: Well, are we seeing pushback? Quite honestly, very little, on a one-off deal I want to -- in full disclosure, every once a while you'll hear something. But it's not -- certainly it's very much the exception. Even in the case of some of the emerging markets where I think teams were probably raising concern about it, but it never really came through, to be frank. And I wouldn't characterize it as, any different, than we've been describing over the last three or six months, quite frankly. Every once in a while you hear about it, but nobody seems to really push back at the end of the day. Our price performance is an advantage, I think, at some levels. I mean, clearly we still have a price performance advantage, even after the price increase. And I think we're pretty good at selling that, and that's the key. Where its a little rougher is where you have agreements in place, existing agreements with customers who have current pricing. And obviously that's where you're going to get the pushback, perhaps on their renewal, or even on maybe a refresh deal. That's where it's a little tougher. But on the new business, you're really bringing them in at a higher rate, so to speak, at a higher annuity stream, as I was mentioning earlier. So that's probably how to think about it. As the longer term benefit, when you think about the -- if you're talking about the accounting piece, it kind of takes a year to lag that, right, because you are doing a different compare year on year.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. It's certainly not in Asia. And we didn't really see it in Latin America either, quite honestly. In terms of pricing, look, we didn't really -- I can't correlate any of -- any pricing issues with any of the economies, quite honestly. I think I heard noise, but I didn't see anything come in. It was more like, be prepared if I need to drop a little bit on price, that I may need your support. But I never really see it -- I never saw anything hit my screen, so to speak, that would've indicated that that happened. And there is no indication that we have when we go back and look at the numbers that would show that. If anything, the gross margins look good. So you have to kind of believe that the pricing held. What we really saw on those economies, you just started to get the sense that it's going to get a little more challenging in some of those emerging markets. And then in Canada I think it's already challenging. I think we saw that and clearly saw that in Q3.
Drew Del Matto: Could we use price -- you're basically asking me if we use price to drive higher billings growth. Look, I don't think we need to. We feel we're still very compelling on the price-performance front. If we're going to -- if people are going to go based on price performance, we're probably going to get the deal. So I don't see any reason to go do that. If I were seeing deals that we were turning down based on that then that may be a consideration. I think it's more about the selling cycle itself that really hits the impact of the deals. I haven't seen lose on price, to be frank. So I wouldn't want to do that. If anything, I think we're personally headed, I would like to see us headed in the other direction sometimes, so.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. The tenured reps are really doing well versus productivity. I would say kind at or above, I think in general, a nice, probably a pretty solid distribution on the tenured. The newer ones coming in, where we've been focusing has been on the lower end of the enterprise. If you look at the mid-level and the lower level, if you look at where we've build capacity, it's been more on the high end of the business. And as I said, we closed -- I mentioned two deals with -- on the call, and I think I just mentioned that we've closed 11 deals with U.S. Fortune 25 customers. So we seem to be knocking off the big names and the big brands extremely well. We’ve seen that coming, so we started investing more middle and lower. And clearly, we have new marketing leadership. And what we believe -- where we believe the focus needs to be now is really on getting the newer people up to productivity actually quicker than they had been in the past. And it's more of an opportunity. Let's say it's an opportunity, not an issue. And I'm just going to kind of turn this into kind of where we're investing, because that's one of the areas we're investing and we called out on the call on the script, for instance, market awareness, the lead generation cycle, lead to closure, and then sales enablement. It's just a different motion and from the top to the bottom of the market, top to middle to bottom.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. But anyway, Michael, it wasn't a significant piece of our business, quite frankly. We got them at least a week plus into the quarter and there was a ton of sales enablement going on there, sales training and even looking, trying to refocus them to sell more FortiGate and FortiGuards. So, I don't think reading too much into that would really be the right way to think about it.
Drew Del Matto: I really can't give a number. So we haven't done it. We said we were -- we didn't give a number to start with, we didn't give a number now, and we're not -- we're looking at as -- we have a secure wireless business. That's really the way we're doing it. We run it inside-out. I think trying to get targeted, I'm just concerned about getting targeted on a number like that, it sounds like we're running it like Meru ran it, which like you said, we took a lot of cost out of there so it's a much -- it's not at all the business that they were running as a separate company.
Drew Del Matto: We were focused on integrating as quickly as possible. And Michael, I don't know if this helps, but one way to think about it is that their gross margins, I believe, were in the low 60%, kind of 61% range. Clearly we were well above that. And if there were any positive skew on the revenue side, you would certainly pick it up in the gross margin.
Drew Del Matto: Well, look, I mean we're going to -- it's going to be -- we're not keeping the brand. It's a Fortinet product, its Fortinet wireless product and pretty soon it will be a Fortinet and increased security Fortinet wireless product. That's the way we're going to run it. The Meru piece of it really goes away over time as what we bought.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. If the question was more just around the economic advisement in the U.S., we think it remains solid, certainly from security perspective.
Drew Del Matto: Well, I think it's just more skew towards the lower end. There was at least one deal -- we talked about a FortiBranch -- there was one deal in particular, and it's a large enough deal that it probably contributed to the skew on that side, where they bought the branch first. And so the branches are a lower-end product. Look, I mean… 
Drew Del Matto: Just keep in mind, what's really a large opportunity over time. We just got the initial taste in it in Q3. I think the product mix piece, if you look at the trend over time I think the high-end is in the relative range -- relevant range that it's been in over the last couple of years. I think last quarter was particularly good from the high end. And then this quarter was probably -- was certainly down from that but within range on the longer term trend.
Drew Del Matto: I guess one of these things that we’re on questions that you have to answer for customers on the large deals, will you be -- how will you play in a more virtualized infrastructure, if that occurs. I don't think people or customers really aren't -- we haven't seen much activity buying against that necessarily yet. And then, Jonathan, you asked about the revenue recognition piece of it, and it depends. There's a variety of ways to go there. I mean they could literally buy, still buy a FortiGate and stick that closer to the data center. Again, we have a performance of management, it's a chip that’s just one architecture another architecture is to buy a virtual license, basically buy the software, a virtual firewall, which we sell. And then another way to get there is actually do it from a service provider. So go to AWS or buy a license and do it on AWS. Quite honestly, it's probably going to be -- if it's an appliance, it's kind of our traditional model right now where some of it is upfront, some of it is deferred and recognized over time. If it's a software license, that actually pretty much goes upfront, but they're probably buying subscription with that too. So that part gets over time. And then if it's a service, there's really no upfront. That's just happening -- that's a pay-as-you-go model where they pay on a utility base, how much do I use, and you basically bill them monthly or whatever the utility basis is for that deal. So it could be anything. If I had -- I don't have anything major to highlight there in the near term that would impact I think the recognition of the site, certainly in the near term. And it's something probably more important to watch on the longer term.
Drew Del Matto: Well, I think one, they have big wallets. So that's the first thing to state. Obviously those are going to be where the biggest wallets are. So rich opportunities, both near and long term is the way we think about that. Then just not only for expansion with more FortiGates or more FortiGuard, or what's currently on our price book, but just as we add additional products, that's another way to upsell them, so to speak, over time and further monetize them. So that's the first dimension of that. Then I think the second piece is those companies tend very much reflect very tech savvy customers, cutting-edge. What they are buying and architecting is probably what gets reflected in the broader enterprise over time. And so then we capture the thought leadership, so to speak, is the idea. And then hopefully that translates more into the middle market and across the enterprise over time. That's how we think about it. So, step one was to get the big names. And we feel like we're doing a good job of doing that, as evidenced by some of the numbers we said. I think we also threw out some large deal statistics, which were 59% growth in deals over $100,000, 55% in deals over $1 million. We've said this many times, that's one of the things we look at to see, are we really getting traction with our investments in the enterprise specifically, because SMBs aren't buying the $1 million deals.
Drew Del Matto: Sure. As I said very robust market in the U.S. enterprise, our deals greater than $100,000 were 59%. Our deals ever $1 million were 55%. I think I also mentioned that we had deals in 11 of the U.S. Fortune 500. And so that went very well. Year to date, our growth in the U.S. enterprise alone is north of 60% -- I think it's 61%. So those are the numbers we have.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, when you look at just the growth and the enterprise traction, I think -- that's why I pointed out the deals, the number of large deals. Again, that's what we very much look to, to look at the traction. And again, our tenured reps seem to be very -- doing very well. So we feel pretty good about that that business.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, Scott. I mean, we're doing well at the top end. That's the way to think about it. We pointed out the investments where we think we need to make them, which were more in the middle and the low end. We've onboarded people, and we talk about it's just a different -- we think it's just a very different selling motion. What we look at the beginning, like I said was the large deals. That's why I started off like that. That's good, clearly very good. The names we're taking down are very good as well. Where we feel we have an opportunity to make adjustments, really, is in that middle and lower end space where we have, one, new marketing leadership. And then also I think we're very much looking at the way we go to market in the mid and the smaller enterprise. And Scott, this isn't new. We've been talking about that, that we've been doing well at the high end and where we're going to invest is more in the middle and below. And that's where we are. And that's, I think, pretty much how we did it. I mean, there's always, as you get into larger deals, just always timing, if you wanted to go there of when a deal happens or not. But again, we had 41% growth and we're happy with the growth. The investments are paying off. And I think that's the explanation that we have.
Drew Del Matto: Scott, you have to understand there are lot of these customers are -- we talk about an initial seat at very large tables. And sometimes the deals actually are relatively small in the enterprise. And I think that was a bit of what we saw this quarter. It's -- look, that's why I think the year-to-date number is important, the fact that we had pretty good larger deal transactions. We feel like we continue to take down the names and we'll land and expand in those. And then I think we're fully -- I think where we really look to expand going forward is kind of more in the mid and the smaller end of the enterprise.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. And also I think internationally. I know you're asking about the U.S., but the 50% growth in EMEA is a very enterprise-centric statistic. So, it's not like everything is going to be great, extremely great every quarter. And I think the EMEA 50% growth was something to point to, to look at continued fraction of the product. And then I think we certainly acknowledge the opportunity to penetrate further in the enterprise in the middle and lower end of the U.S. enterprise.
Drew Del Matto: Do you mind repeating the question? I'm getting advice, but I'm not sure I'm answering the same question.
Drew Del Matto: You know what, I'm going to double-check the number and I'll get back to you. They're telling me 50%, but I want to double-check the number.
