Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Valerie. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Fortinet. I'm pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the full-year and fourth quarter of 2022. Speakers on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Ken will begin our call today by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will then review our financial and operating results for the full-year and fourth quarter of 2022 before providing guidance for the first quarter of 2023 and the full-year. We'll then open the call for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today's call are non-GAAP unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in the earnings press release and in the presentation that accompany today's remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website. Ken and Keith's prepared remarks for today's earnings call will be posted on the quarterly earnings section of our Investor Relations website immediately following the call. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless noted otherwise. I will now turn the call over to Ken Xie.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Keith. Operator, please open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Open up the call, please. Thank you.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Valerie. I'd like to thank everyone for joining today's call. Fortinet will be attending investor conferences hosted by Baird and Morgan Stanley during the first quarter. A fireside webcast link will be posted on the Events & Presentations section of Fortinet's Investor Relations website for the Morgan Stanley conference. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact me. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Ken Xie: I took a question feedback from some customer partners. Their budget is tight, but Fortinet solution has a better cost of total cost ownership and also kind of even cost saving for some like a Secure SD-WAN solution. And at the same time, we do see -- the use case of firewall expanding much broader than before, especially for this OT security, some other area, which pretty much, I'd say, network security may be the only solution to secure some of this OT area. So that's where we see the demand is still pretty strong. And so we probably -- we're keeping gaining more market share in this well fragmented market.
Ken Xie: I think there is two parts. First, I totally agree with you said that SD-WAN and the OT market growing faster than the network security average. And on the other side, we do believe our solution has huge advantage compared to other competitors. So both SD-WAN, OT market is still pretty fragmented and compared to our home growth integrated solution and leverage for the ASIC company and power. So advantage much huge compared to other competitors, quite some mostly come from acquisition. And at the same time, they don't have the ASIC help to increase speed, lower the cost and the power consumption. So that's why we feel we're keeping growing above the market, so above the market growth rate. There's a different research about how the market is growing. But I do agree it's a fast-growing market compared to the cybersecurity space and there will be a lot of potential going forward.
Ken Xie: Definitely more service, whether under the overlay service for SD-WAN because our SD-WAN has all the security function and also a lot of -- deployed case whether supporting work from core from anywhere or kind of helping enterprise reduce their total cost of networking all these things. We do see a lot of additional service they need. At the same time, we also see the service provider starting more working together with us, offer some quite additional service beyond -- that's the traditional SD-WAN. So that's also helping drive much more service going forward.
Ken Xie: Probably want to take some time, I'd say, maybe one to two years to refresh the product. And that's where every quarter, we tend to release one or two products, whether leverage new ASIC or the new CPU of Smarter network chip in the industry. I don't feel it will be a significant impact up and down of the result and will be more smooth transition. Because security deployment is a kind of a -- take long time to design, evaluate, deploy and also very, very long sales cycle. At the same time, the life cycle of the product also tend to be quite long, like seven to 10 years. So that's where the ASIC each generation definitely will help in and at the same time has a huge advantage compared to using general-purpose CPU. So that's where we're keeping gaining market share. But consider the switching costs, consider the long cycle, sales cycle and deployment cycle. And also, we also need time to put ASIC into a new product, which also taken in a few months, three to six months, thus I do see it will be like a more long-term positive impact instead of short-term.
Ken Xie: Yes, we are continuing hiring. But at the same time, we want to keeping the efficiency and is not dropping the efficiency for the sales and marketing. And at the same time, there's some long-term investment, whether in R&D, the infrastructure supporting, we will continue to need to make. So that's why we do expect the total head count will keep it increased, but probably the rate that just like the last few years will be below the top line increase.
Ken Xie: That sometimes depend on certain like products or backlog. I think that's probably the average still pretty similar. We don't see much, but sometimes from quarter-to-quarter, it may change a little bit. But I have to say the total mix is still pretty much the same.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think for the backlog like what I said in the last one or two quarter, it's continued shifting to the network area, network and the Wi-Fi which is more industry standard product. I'd say probably today, most of the backlog will come from the network side and the Wi-Fi side, which has a higher cancellation rate. And -- so that's where like Keith has mentioned, we take a pretty, when it's positive conservative, but that definitely pretty good estimate what will the impact for the whole year on all these -- the backlog for the product revenue. And product revenue, definitely, we see probably going forward, the benefit of the new ASIC and also some of the new products that were helping and also some of the case, the use case -- additional use case of the firewall definitely also are helping, but it will take some time. So that's where we tend to be more careful to forecast. At the same time, we do see long-term, we still have a huge advantage compared to other competitors because the investment we made in the product, in the hardware, in ASIC give us huge advantage of the total cost of ownership towards container keeping gaining market share in that space.
Ken Xie: I think it's -- since it's been a large difficult to forecast at the same time, with the change in cancellation and also most of the backlog related to networking WiFi not a core product. So that's where, since last quarter, we no longer provide detail of the backlog, we feel that could be a little bit misleading if we keep in providing that.
Ken Xie: The supply chain environment definitely have some improvement for networking for the WiFi. That's where sometimes a customer, they may have a multiple order to see which vendor can deliver because a lot of networking equipment WiFi is a pretty standard product. Even for us, we do add quite some security functions in there. But at sometimes customers just cannot wait. So that's where we see a little bit higher cancellation rate with -- I think right now, the overall supply chain environment, I think is improving.
Ken Xie: I think we definitely have a pretty long tenure and a good team there. And at the same time, the case, the firewall case also expand quite well in Europe, in some countries there. And some of the service provider carrier, they are a little bit more ahead compared to some bigger service provider were the U.S. on moving some new solutions, including some 5G SD-WAN. So that's where we continue to see some good growth there. Also, we kind of surprisingly even during the recession, the SMB sector growing quite strong compared to some enterprise. Enterprise more about how to lower the cost ownership, protect some of their own kind of profit margin. But SMB, they do see the importance of cyber security, especially in retina were they are starting more targeted SMB right now. So we do see quite strong growth in SMB and so that's also helping some regions in Europe.
Ken Xie: I think in the 2014, 2015 last the outbreak of a weather target so many case, which a lot of enterprise tried to upgrade from the traditional connection-based firewall to the next-gen firewall, which including some prevention and other things. So that's where it's more like kind of refresh more in the enterprise area. So we do see some strong growth there after the severe issue. And then by this time, we see there's a few things. One is really during the pandemic, there's a new infrastructure build supporting a homework anywhere. At the same time, the ransomware attack quite broadly hit the whole industry. And another part, we keep on seeing the convergence, which is like SD-WAN, the 5G, the WiFi and also internal segmentation. So that's a much broader used case of the firewall deployment and also including OPG, a lot of more devices being connected. So we feel this time it is really kind of a more broad firewall used case kind of apply to the whole infrastructure. That's what we kind of more emphasized the convergence is a little bit different than the last time it's like eight, nine years ago. So that's why we feel this time probably will be more smooth transition because the traditional firewall, whatever will not go away. And at the same time, that's more used case convergence into the traditional networking area, expanding to the OT some other area, we're helping keeping driving the product revenue growth and then followed by the additional service revenue. So that's the chance we're planning.
Ken Xie: Yes, it's definitely helping the customer lower the total cost of ownership, both on the management cost and also on the product service cost, which we have here an advantage over the competitors. So that's where we see a lot of a big enterprise customers. They definitely want to -- when they see the renewal, when they see all this -- need to add additional protection for the infrastructure, we do see this like how to have a better total cost of ownership and at the same time, leverage a single integrated platform, automated platform to offer better security networking together. Even there's a trend to merge the traditional network operating team and security operating team together to making the stock and not kind of combined together and also converge on the traditional networking and security together. So we do see some trends happening in the big enterprise and which we kind of developed technology and the long-term investments starting to see. I mean, stating benefit for the trend.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think we -- our strategy, like [indiscernible] seeing in the last few years is; first, we want to have a SASE or integrated in the same system, the same OS, including all the SD-WAN or the SASE function. So making SASE can be more easily broader deploy and also working with service provider to leverage their infrastructure to offer a SASE. So it's a little bit different than some of the SASE players right now in the market. So we do believe this is highly integrated the single system as will be more efficient and same time will be more secure. And so that's what we're keeping building and whether the new FortiASIC [indiscernible] and also the new FortiOS reflect all this kind of development we reported into the solution. At the same time, we're keeping working closely with pretty much all the carrier service provider, even cloud provider to offer SASE together. And that's also a little bit different strategy compared to some other SASE player. So we do believe long-term leverage infrastructure, a lot of our own service provider telecom provider had will be much more efficient than the profit model compared to some of the SASE solution or player kind of losing money, which will be difficult to last long. So that's what we will keeping invest in this area. And also, we want to be a long-term player in this space and also we'll be keeping internal innovation R&D and keeping driving this space.
Ken Xie: Yes. We continue keeping building of the infrastructure, including the cloud. Also our strategy a little bit different than 100 players we tend to build out ourselves just like we -- you can see the investment in some of the real estate. Quite some of that also go to the -- like a data center infrastructure that give us much better cost and also more long-term benefit just like how we -- the investment made in early real estate kind of benefit our office cost, rental costs. So that's where we're using the cost saving we get from this rental keeping invest into some more long-term infrastructure real estate. We do see that we're keeping benefit the company a long time. But at the same time, like I said, also partner working with car service providers that's other strategy we have managed some of their infrastructure. So that's also make a win-win both party or benefit or will be profit. That's also the strategy we have.
Ken Xie: Not just, but also will make it easy to manage easy to scale. Even some of the SASE solution I had to be the some bigger customers, they may even do themselves. So if you can integrate a more successive function to the same or into the same system. So that's sort of the long-term strategy we have and also working with service providers is very, very important for us.
Ken Xie: That's kind of the thinking we have like over 20, 30 years really. There's a convergence of networking, traditional networking and network security. I think SD-WAN is a very, very good example. So the WAF solution will be more efficient, more secure, and there's a lot of additional service we can apply to secure SD-WAN, which is whether offer free or we are not kind of there yet. But same thing for a lot of other web technology. And so we feel that's a huge potential. And -- but also doing security in the networking environment not need a huge company in power, which has come from ASIC investment we made, which also will take a long time to see the return of investment, that's what we kind of comment from day one back 23 years ago. So when we start with we really need to invest and planning all these kind of long-term convergence of networking or security together. So the new ASIC is one example is the fifth generation of our SoC chip, which also including some of the investments we made in the mine generation of our content process and seven-generation network processor together with a lot of multiple CPU. So we continue to develop technology and eventually will be deployed more broadly beyond the traditional network security.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I spot on with that. I would also add, look, I think we're all sensitive to the overhang from the macro environment and what that may mean is [indiscernible]. But when we look at our internal numbers, whether it's pipeline growth and even if we compare what pipeline growth is today versus a year-ago, it's even up in terms of percentage growth rates. The use cases, and I think in this environment, the savings that we offer and the ROI that we provide and some of the case studies that we provided in the call there are examples of that. I think we're continuing to benefit from that, and we do see that continued opportunities for market share gains even in this environment.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think that the approach that we take, if you will, is consistent this time around with what we've done in prior years, but with certainly added conservatism in it to reflect what's happening or what may happen with the macro environment. And first and foremost, we start with the pipeline and looking at the pipeline growth there and the kind of the timing of the pipeline and making sure that we have deals that are teed up for the middle of the year and perhaps even to the second half of the year. So there's ample opportunity there. You also want to make sure that you've got sales productivity numbers that make sense and sales capacity numbers that make sense. Yes, I think there will be some tailwind from the backlog, which I commented on in the comment that we're going to get some benefit from that as it continues to burn down. But keep in mind that we have seen some changes in cancellation rates, and I think we've added a significant amount of conservatism there around cancellation rates. Again, so I think it's really about the pipeline, it's the tailwind that we have and it take us the advantages that we're offering and total cost of ownership in this environment.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think it kind of goes back to Brian's question a moment ago in terms of -- with the level of conservatism and caution that's in the guide. And I know that historically, I've often complained that I don't get much room in the services line from where the consensus is versus what I'm forecasting. At a 27% number, I think that's pretty much right on top of what the street of that for the full-year. And I think in this macro environment, I think that's a great -- a good place for us to be at this point of the year for full-year guidance.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Yes, I think our guidance is pretty much in sync with where we are historically at this point in time and consistent what we always talked about the 25% margin number. But I think the -- what you may be suggesting or inferring is really, it's all about FX, if you will, when you look at 2022 compared to 2023. We had a nice benefit from FX in 2022. And I think in terms of what our assumptions are for 2023, like the rest of people, we read the economic reports from the big banks and so forth and what the dollar is expected to do. And I think we've really pulled out a lot of that benefit by the end of this year. And so you're not really going to see that in the year-over-year comparison.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I don't think that we've really seen customers push on the term. Obviously, at 28 months -- 28 months, which is kind of been keeping where we've been historically. But I do think in the fourth quarter, we certainly had conversations with customers that were I think perhaps even more focused on cash flow, if you will, than they were on discounting in terms of extended payment terms and that sort of thing. So if I were to look at the -- what I'm hearing back from customers, it was all about cash protection. And with that, I assume if I were trying to do a lot of five-year deals or something like that, I might have felt more pressure. But given the SMB mix of our business and our partner footprint, obviously, didn't come through in the numbers really.
Keith Jensen: Yes. We did see a pickup to if we want to call it mid-single digits in Q3, we saw it tick up to high-single-digits in fourth quarter -- in the fourth quarter. And we've anticipated this, particularly as the backlog starts to shift its mix as the firewalls. There's still a significant amount of firewalls in the backlog, but it really now has tilted towards the network equipment, the switches and the access points. And so as you would expect, one last comment on that, as we see the shift in the mix in the backlog as well as the pick-up in the cancellation rates, I would also offer that as part of the guidance setting process, I think we've taken a fairly conservative approach to cancellation rates on what they -- how they may impact 2023 or said another way, we're not expecting all the backlog that exists at the beginning of the year to convert in 2023 because we think there'll be some cancellations.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Brad, I would only offer again for context. I think that -- this is what Fortinet has been 20 generation. It's a chip probably now we think content processors and network processors and systems-on-a-chip. And I think that Fortinet, Ken and Michael have actually shown the ability to transition through those generations of chips. And if you look back at the financials, I think it's a little bit difficult to find a year that for a period of time, really saw spike because of the new chip. These are much more long-term plays. And I think the approach here is to execute in a smooth fashion over a number of years.
Keith Jensen: Yes, the change in activation policies started February last week, I believe, February 1. So we'll start to see that going forward. What I was referring to is the -- is really all about linearity, right? That's what it gives you insights to. And if I see my DSO go from, call it, 75 days to 89 or 90, you can kind of start doing the math there and see that's a 20% increase in DSO, and it's really driven by how linearity came through in the quarter. And when linearity starts shifting that much, we lose the opportunity to gain service revenue from sales early in the quarter that would normally activate. So we really didn't get a lift in service revenue from in-quarter deals the way that we would have expected because of linearity.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think that we kind of remain truthful to or faithful to the notion of providing service revenue guidance for the full-year and kind of leave the Street work out the numbers from that point going forward. I think that certainly, as we kind of look at laying out the year and with the backdrop of the macro that we're all concerned about, I don't think we really wanted to push too hard on some of the metrics that we didn't need to push on. And I think where we ended up with is pretty consistent in the quarter with our consensus when we look at our internal allocations between product and service revenue.
Keith Jensen: I'm going to answer yes. Yes, you should be thinking about one of those two ways. Look, I think we're driven by being above 25% operating margin, right? I think the ones that -- the last few years have taught us is life full of surprises. And so locking into a fixed commitment is a little bit challenging sometimes. But clearly, we manage the business as if it's the floor.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think just building Ken's comment one of the notes that we do track tenure. We talked about it last quarter. Tenure [ph] would be people that have been here for, say, people have been here more than six months. And I commented last quarter, the tenure was up, I think, eight points. It's actually moved back to historical norms now. And tenure is kind of a key component of productivity as we see -- as we go forward.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think that's one of the challenges you have in the current environment and the supply chain was really doing funny things, if you will, into delivery, and we don't give you a lot of insights to orders that we were taking in, but we provide billings numbers, you get some distortion there just simply based upon what's available. Specifically, we saw a significant amount of availability of the 100F products, if you will, which are a midrange product. And you're seeing that availability came in the fourth quarter, and it shifted that mix in the way you just described it.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I'll start with the last one first, if you will. I think that I think we are very excited about the opportunities in front of us in terms of how the company is executing. But we are certainly also very cognizant of the unknown of the macro environment. And I think there's just an opportunity here in terms of how we guide for the full-year to really bake in concerns around the macro and how it may manifest in the coming months -- coming quarters. So I think you're seeing that, and I kind of made a comment earlier that historically, it's been tough for me to be somewhat cautious on service revenue because it's so visible. We're looking at short-term deferred revenue and the conservatism oftentimes ends up in product revenue. I think there's still an element of that in this conversation.
Keith Jensen: I think we can add over some directional comments here with it. So the headlines would be that backlog was up year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter it was down. But as you start thinking through how to treat the backlog in terms of doing your own models going forward, again, we would come back and remind you of a couple of things. We expect the cancellation rates are going to increase, and that's baked into our guidance, as we look at things. And when we say return to historical norms in the commentary, I think we probably would have three years ago had backlog for professional services and training that may have been in the $30 million range. So maybe with growth now you're probably looking at a steady state that could get you over $40 million to $50 million. So just a note of caution, they'll just take all that backlog and assume it's all going to convert into billings and revenue in 2023 given those dynamics.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I don't know that I've really seen a change in the mix, if you will. I think the -- when you look at the -- what we call the FortiManager, FortiAnalyzer. And certainly, the virtual machines are doing very, very well. And then as you start looking at the tail of the fabric products in the -- on the areas of EDR and monitor and SIM and so on and so forth, I think that they're smaller dollar totals, but sometimes very dramatic and exciting growth rates. So I want to be a little bit careful about getting -- painting anybody in too great a light in terms of their contribution because everybody is contributing. Certainly, the networking equipment part of the business has done very, very well, and this is a key component of this convergent story that we've talked about, and it remains probably about one-third of the fabric business.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the conversation around cancellation rates, a few things there. We said it went from mid single-digits to high single-digits. And then as we built into the guidance, it is a multiple that we built in the guidance of what we just saw in the fourth quarter. What we actually get out of it, we'll see. But the reason to be so cautious about it is what Ken is talking about. We knew that we had an advantage with firewalls and dealing with our suppliers and our vendors and we thought we'd be successful in pushing down that component of backlog first. And indeed, the mix has shown that. I think it's now something on the order of about 75%, 25% between networking equipment and firewalls still firewalls in the mix. But as Ken pointing out is there may be more risk with that networking equipment of cancellations as we go forward, and particularly its a backlog deal for those elements continue to age out a little bit as we move through this process. In terms of continuing supply chain challenges, I'm not quite sure I was making the length on that. I don't -- I guess that would have an impact on the continuing to build of backlog. But as we said in our comments, we really expect to get to a backlog number by the end of this year that's much more closely aligned with our historical norms.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think a few things we talked about price benefits, the discounting and then some easing of the impact of the supply chain. I think the price benefit is something that will obviously stay with us in the future. And so we should still get a tailwind from that. However, discounting and supply chains, call it, savings for lack of a better term, that's what we relate to our history of price increases. And I think we kind of reached a very kind of maybe the high watermark in terms of being -- having price increases covering those costs, and that will start to settle back down to a more normalized pattern going forward. Meaning that we'll still have inflationary cost increases, but we've really slowed down the price benefits, the price increases. So net-net, price increases continue, discounting and supply chain benefits may not.
Keith Jensen: Like everybody else, I mean, you're reading about people talking about deals taking longer to get across the finish line and more approvals and so forth. And I don't think we were immune to that by any stretch of the imagination. Keep in mind as we're going through as the world is moving through this. At the same time, Fortinet's kind of expanding from just seven figure deals. And I think we talked about 546 seven figure deals or more last year, if I remember correctly, a huge number. Now adding more and more eight figure deals. So I think we're probably seeing huge opportunities, but we're also getting exposed to how that approval process works and how we manage with our sales team, our customers through that process.
Keith Jensen: Yes, on that part first. I mean I think we'll continue to monitor the market and make the appropriate adjustments there. I don't seeing inflation go backwards it's probably not something that's happened a lot in history, but it could happen, I guess. In terms of the most recent price increase that we talked about, it's almost a non-event to me. It's extremely low single-digits growth and after discounting, it's a fraction of an interest point.
