Ken Xie: Thank you, Kelly. And thanks to everyone for joining today’s call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results. In the fourth quarter, Fortinet delivered a billing revenue growth that exceeded our guidance range. We benefited from our focused effort to improve sales productivity and expense management and are well on track. So, we have more work to do, but are pleased with the progress we have made and with the performance in the fourth quarter. As customers move forward to consolidation and a seamless tightly integrated approach to security, we’re seeing a sharp increase in the adoption of Fortinet Security Fabric architecture. Our ability to provide a broad, powerful, and automated Security Fabric that protects all points in the network, from IoT to cloud, physical and virtual networks, wired and wireless environment set Fortinet apart. Our competitors multiple-point products and platform solutions simply are not capable of providing the broad solution, processing performance and the advance automation necessary to address the demand of today’s digital economy. As we continue learn and expand into some of the largest enterprise corporations and the government organizations in the world, we added more than 10,000 new customers during the quarter. This brings a total to more than 300,000 customers worldwide. Boarder adoption of our Security Fabric also results in increased of sales of enterprise security services and of numerous [ph] FortiGate solutions. The Internet of Things and cloud computing are key technology drivers of the digital economy. Every day, over 1 million new IoT devices are being connected to the internet. The recent massive IoT based DDoS attack showed how vulnerable this device can be. Keeping up with IoT requires internet based network security. Internet based network security automatically translates in its requirement into synchronized network security actions without human intervention; Fortinet has laid the foundation for the internet based network security with its Security Fabric architecture. Our strong technology advantages also uniquely positions us for effectively deliver security to the cloud and for the cloud. We’re securing public cloud through strong partnership with Microsoft Azure and AWS. Sales of our cloud related products and services across public, private and hybrid cloud continue to grow faster than other part of our business. Today, we announced expansion of our high-end FortiGate enterprise firewall for service provider and enterprise customers. The FortiGate 7060E and 3980E. The FortiGate 7060E is the world’s fastest next generation of firewall and most powerful addition to our product line. And integrate our new CP9 security processor with significant advance in hardware design, system performance and stability to deliver high security performance in the industry. The FortiGate 3980E is the world’s first terabit per second network security appliance. It is ideal for enterprises that need very high network throughput and a deep inspection delivered in a compact appliance. The FortiGate product also been approved by the Defense Department’s top service security authority as a solution for classified network, validating that Fortinet delivers the performance and scale that [indiscernible] need for complete security assurance solution. Finally, we just returned from a Worldwide Sales and Global Partner Conference with more than 2,000 attendees. The enthusiasm among employee, partner, customer has never been stronger. With our Security Fabric, we deliver broad, powerful and automatic security solutions spanning end point, access, network, application and cloud. We’re one of the few network security vendors that continue to outpace the market. Looking ahead, we’ll continue to innovate and invest to further differentiate and provide our customer with a comprehensive threat protection they need today and for the future. I would now turn the call to Drew to review our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 financial results and forward guidance.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. I think we see some new trend like last year and also 2015, you see some rush buying for [indiscernible]. Now, it’s a kind of a new trend really to secure the infrastructure. So, that the fabric method [ph] working quite well, whether internal segmentation, or how to secure whole infrastructure is just a few point in the network side. That’s actually helping drive a lot of bigger deals and new growth opportunities.
Ken Xie: And also, we are enhancing [ph] the lead gen, the marketing side; that also will help in improve the [indiscernible]. And I think the process to increase the productivity is still ongoing. And we still try to keeping improving the structure and also supporting by the other part like marketing, some other customer supporting and also the new launch of the product to keeping driving the growth.
Ken Xie: Yes. This is Ken. Definitely, there is a lot of room for improving in the North American enterprise. And not only just enterprise but also see some opportunity from the carrier service provider, the cloud side and also the channel SMB side. But, it’s starting more focus on enterprise, we made some improvement but there is still a lot of room to grow compared to some other competitors. And that’s where the enhancement of the marketing like lead gen, some other channel program and also starting helping them, starting to see some good results. So, we like I said, just coming from the Partner Conference in about a couple of weeks ago, we see the partner -- some customers also -- they see a pretty -- enthusiasm we see from the conference is much stronger than we see before, and they all like the new program and also the new product we’re offering. And that’s really, if you can, really helping the growth going forward.
Ken Xie: I think like a couple of months, we started integrate the cloud and that carrier service provider came together, and that’s actually -- it’s a long-term vision we have, eventually like some of the cloud provider also become some service provider. And also I mentioned in script, we see the cloud business grow faster than other part of our business. And we have the best carrier service provider position among all the other competitors because of our strong cloud offering and also the virtualized and also the hardware performance is a huge advantage. But we also see the -- the service provider also starting transition themselves little bit from the traditional carrier offer some [indiscernible] they also started offering additional service and also some content there. So, that’s why we feel we’re well-positioned to drive the future business there, whether into the cloud or the mobile, we have market opportunities both on the product offerings and new service offerings.
Ken Xie: Also, I mentioned we deliver the security to the cloud and for the cloud. So, that’s both with the service provider offer to the customer and also for the cloud provider themselves, as a lot of opportunity we see.
Ken Xie: Also we started offer like we call the enterprise bundle about two, three quarters ago, we see very strong growth, almost quarter-over-quarter, and that’s really helping the service part and also helping the margin. So, that’s where offered additional ATP and also mobile cloud security in enterprise bundle. We see a lot of customer need this additional service is one of the strong driver of the gross margin and growth.
Ken Xie: Yes. We definitely see the strong demand for both on-premise as well as on cloud and also the balance of two deployment but also we have additional in the fabric like from the endpoint working with other. Also we mostly partner with some other endpoint provider people together and same time, we have access path that’s FortiWiFi other competitor has. And then we have the application that we mentioned FortiMail, FortiWeb and some DDoS deployment is also helping, and that’s we also offer pretty strong solution there and then pass the cloud IoT. So, we have a -- I think we are number one on the unit deployed globally, probably more than double the number two. That’s also helping driving these broad favorable solutions. And we also see some other networking gears starting connect together. So, we also offer, both the secured monitor application with some other networking device and especially try to do the security and analysis part. So that also drives a lot of, what we call, the fabric growth.
Ken Xie: It’s on the copy for sure there, but also think the 360, we still try to improve in a handset; I don’t think we formally launched in some of country region yet.
Ken Xie: Basically 360 just has a health check for other deployment that will help monitor how the deployment going on like weekly or monthly. So, let’s add 10% on top of that.
Ken Xie: Also we’re launching the new product like the 7000 series, 7040 about quarter ago, now we just launched the 7060. So that’s the farthest next generation product in the whole industry and also the highest product in our own product line. Plus this 3980, that’s a single appliance, I don’t see any competitor have single appliance can deliver service throughput. That’s also kind of a sometime customer want a evaluate its product and same time like Drew said, a lot of service providers, carrier cloud providers, they are also changing their business model from offering security line, now they also add additional service and also compensate. So with all this evaluation, sometime the decision can be longer. And also the new product received very strong interest from all the customers, service providers. So, we do see quite a lot of potential going forward.
Ken Xie: Also the fabric story also makes the deal larger, because there is multiple products starting together, not just the FortiGate, but also like I mentioned from the mail and also some even some WiFi.
Drew Del Matto: Sure, Gabriela. I would start with I think the general environment. Customers are very willing to spend on security and certainly network security. The trends of consolidation, cloud, mobile, IoT, the next-gen architectures continue to be in the forefront of their mind. What we have seen in the past is that we’ve just seen the elongated sales cycles. We seem to close -- we did a good job of closing what we had on the table in Q4. I would say, overall, there is still some digesting out there, certainly still some of this digesting phase, customers are still evaluating, and hopefully over the next couple of years, they move certainly into the more of the purchase stage.
Drew Del Matto: The metered model piece, Sterling, is the smallest component; I would say, the virtual machine piece is the next; and then, obviously, the hardware is still predominant. We gave an example -- I think we gave a couple of examples of hybrid models where they are building out infrastructure, and one of the appeal -- part of the appeal of the fabric is clearly that not only can they expand, whether it’s hardware or metered model, do it globally with AWS and us or whatever -- whoever, whichever cloud provider they provide, given that flexibility and that advantage. And what they really like I believe is the breadth of our product portfolio, what the fabric provides there. And we heard a lot in security orchestration, the fact that we could basically keep all the things updated at end-to-end and do it virtual, physical and basically allow them to expand as they want.
Drew Del Matto: I’ll start with the last part of your question. We don’t see any material changes certainly at this point, Melissa. But we do believe there’s room to drive higher productivity, and we’re continually focused through that through our marketing efforts; we’re fighting our lead generation, our training, and just building that end-to-end go-to-market model. We really do believe we’re doing better that feels like the engine is more in place, but there’s probably still quite honestly some work to do there.
Drew Del Matto: Well, we’ve given you the guidance on margins, Jim. I think it’s obviously headcounts reflected in that. We were very focused on driving productivity. We were very focused on -- the model here is a lean, flat organization with low friction. And what we did was reduced admin and overlay layers, really with the ultimate goal of driving high velocity and getting better visibility from top to bottom of the Company. And so, we’ll continue to do that. We’re going to continue to hire though; we absolutely are -- we believe we have opportunity to grow, as reflected obviously in our guidance. And so, we’ll continue to hire. So, I wouldn’t look at past -- last quarter’s hiring rate as an indication fairly of the future. I would just look more to the guidance that we gave.
Drew Del Matto: It’s hard to share numbers, but I would say it’s getting more meaningful. I would say that it was slightly less than double from last quarter. So, it’s growing very nicely. One thing I would point out with the enterprise bundles, which I called out I think a few times in the script, were very good story, where we’re seeing a nice uptake on that. And that really came out in Q2. We saw nice quarter in Q3 on those nice uptake and we saw even better in Q4, and basically that’s just a higher price bundle with ATP and mobile added. So, those drivers altogether really form the fabric and beyond story, and that’s what we’re seeing customers really -- we’re really helping them support the next-gen architectures.
Drew Del Matto: Well, I would start with -- I think it was clearly better productivity or execution overall for sure. The fabric is a good story, Shaul; it’s resonating. And some of the items I just shared with Saket, I think kind of help illustrate that customers are really taking to the fabric story. So that’s really I think the first point. The only macro issue that I would really sight this quarter would be Brazil, which -- if you go a year back, it would have been a very good story and beyond that -- prior to that strong -- very strong country for us. And that continues to be a very challenging country.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I think probably just some seasoning of the team. You bring in -- we got in a lot of people. I think sometimes it just takes time for the gears to connect completely, especially when you are building a lot of functions at the same time. And so, I think that’s the piece of it, the season, and you get more focused, things get easier. I would add and repeat what I said earlier, I do believe that having a flatter, leaner administrative and overlay function really does create greater visibility and focus on what we need to do to accomplish and achieve. And I think that’s what we did.
Drew Del Matto: It’s very hard to predict, Michael. Clearly, there is a shift going on with us and others, it feels industry-wide where you see the shift and obviously on the virtual side, some cloud. And then, we just see more of a waiting towards services. And this is -- a lot of this is by design by the way. We are really trying to wait the money -- we are really trying to drive to higher customer lifetime value. And the way you do that is attribute more to the recurring higher profitability side of the business. And as we look at the enterprise bundle for instance, that’s clearly a vehicle to do that, and it’s working. And so, it’s kind of hard to predict. And also the only other point I would lay out there, some of the earlier questions around just the general environment. You still have to be, let’s say, cautiously optimistic as customers are really still evaluating to the large extent their next gen architecture, there is still some digestion. And obviously, we have to push as hard as we can, but I think we have to have the appropriate level of caution.
Drew Del Matto: No, I didn’t say that. I said -- I think I said 130 to 150 or 140 to 150. We can go back and check that, but the -- I believe 150 was the top end. And that’s real estate and our normal run rate, if you will, about the CapEx. We will continue it for couple of years. Now, at that level, it’s hard to predict -- as you could see, just even in last quarter when we held to the CapEx guidance that we were off significantly, part of it has to do with buying mobile products, purchases and how people buy and how people sell those properties. And it just takes a while and then it takes a while to get permits and all of this. So, we’re kind of thinking over the next several years, we’ll see some of this. I’m really guiding out, but I would say that continue to be some real estate, over time as we clear one property and then we do look to build a campus there around the HQ area. And just by the way, I mean if we can find a better opportunity, we’re clearly going to look at that, we’re married to any given location; we’re trying to do the best thing. And I would remind you, everything we’re doing, we believe is accretive. One thing I would point out on real estate, we bought a warehouse about a year ago, and we were running out of space, so we bought a warehouse. And part of the reason the product gross margin is up is because the warehouse is now driving margin benefit or scale benefit that we wouldn’t have otherwise seen. So, if you do buy these properties, you can be in them anyway, it does make sense to buy them.
Drew Del Matto: I think the vision, Jonathan, when I talk to customers and when Ken and I talk to customers, the vision resonates the breadth of portfolio, the Fabric Story. And you really see -- I do think the non-FortiGate sales are an illustration of the uptake in the fabric and resonance of that with our customers. And again, they want to buy more security; they want to buy sensibly; they want it to work across their network and through IoT into the cloud. And we’re giving them that vision, and I think the vision part of it is not to be underestimated.
Drew Del Matto: Other than that, what we’re hearing out of that sector is just that -- as they go more virtual, they do talk about that. It actually creates more complexity and it requires -- it necessitates more performance and really the breadth of security. And again, similar to my last answer, it is the fabric resonating. It’s the ability to provide the high performance, obviously procedures [ph] provide and I think we had a -- we’ve got some announcements recently on our high performance products but those are drivers along with complexities and the breadth of security, the breadth of security we provide is critical.
Drew Del Matto: It’s very early and we are not -- obviously not quite sure what will happen there. We would hope that it would be obviously a tailwind, but there is so much variability in there right now, it’s just hard to predict. For right now, we will just stay where we’re modeled. And then, when we get beyond kind of all the, if you will, dialog and back forth phase, I think we’ll have a better opportunity to give you firmer guidance.
Drew Del Matto: Clearly be higher, the product is primarily hardware. So most of the subscription fall to deferred because they are delivered over time or they would fall in service line -- service revenue line as they’re amortized. So, you would really have the numbers. The only other thing I would go back to the fact that we just have more types of virtual products and term licenses and so forth, and the enterprise security which is obviously part of what’s driving higher deferred.
Drew Del Matto: I said it already. I think you’re asking about why wouldn’t -- because commissions would be the major variable expense I think. It will grow obviously the margin line, as you saw another product, you have to expense the hardware. That would be one thing, but the commissions would be the other. And commissions is on as a percent of billing. And so, as we drive operational efficiencies and I think we remove the overlays, we end up with a more efficient structure. And that’s really the answer of how we did it in Q4. We started those things in Q3; they certainly bore fruit in Q4. And also just other expense, just expense discipline, I would say, grown the Company, just more focus on expense discipline, which will continue. As far as go forward, you have our guidance. We’re committed to the 20%, existing 20; we remain committed and we’ll see how it goes from there.
Drew Del Matto: I don’t have a mix to share. I think Ken shared that the enterprise bundle just about doubled quarter-over-quarter, slightly less than that to be fair. But, it was a nice -- and I think we even mentioned in Q3 that it was a nice ramp. So, that we’ve seen a nice uptick there. But the three bundles are the core UTM bundle, which is our traditional bundle. A reminder, we raised prices on that just about two years ago. And then the enterprise bundle which was really Q2 of this year. We’ve been out there sort of but we hadn’t really been marketing it through all the price books, just kind of testing it. And then that had a nice ramp throughout the year since Q2. And then the 360 bundle, and I think that was a little early because, in that is the SIEM, and we’re just early, FortiSIEM is in that, it’s just still little early, we just integrated that in Q3 really.
Drew Del Matto: Here, I have it. We do have the bundle. We of course have the template handy. So, on the UTM bundle, 24 with -- and I’m just doing it -- you can give me an 855 24x7 or 360. The 24x7 support was for UTM with 65% of the hardware price, Taz. And the enterprise bundle is 90% of the hardware price and 24x7. And that’s in our template, if you have one of those.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, you would add 10 percentage points. So, for UTM -- you can get 360 either with UTM or enterprise, and basically that includes FortiSIEM and some monitoring of your system to see kind of where you need to have the devices so to speak around the -- in your environment. And so that’s at the UTM level, 75% of the hardware price versus 65% for the 24x7. And then in the enterprise bundle, the 24x7, as I said was 90% of the hardware price but if you buy this 360 option, it’s at 100% of the hardware price but again that one is a little early.
Drew Del Matto: 2016, I think we did very well globally quite frankly, I think some select providers probably more in the U.S. 2016 was more of a valuation year we think. 2017, more likely a decision year probably in the back half of the year somewhere is what we’re hearing. We hear that they’re more focused on virtual solutions and CapEx and what we’re hearing is that we’re the best provider with our fabric again, with breadth of portfolio, security orchestration, end-to-end through IoT to the cloud, whether they’re using it internally or externally and I think they’re trying to basically doing the same for both. And then obviously in service provider, we provide performance that none of the competitors actually can provide. And we don’t -- we haven’t lost any deal to them that we’re aware of. So, I don’t think any of that’s changed.
Drew Del Matto: It’s probably both. It’s just hard to break that out right now, too early to tell. But it’s probably both. I mean, we are obviously offering it both and then you would generally see it on a new product deployment.
