Ken Goldman: So, before I review our guidance, I will remind you the same forward-looking statements I discussed earlier or actually Michelle discussed earlier do apply. And while we continue to remain attentive to the overall economic volatility falling into the Q4 with good momentum, we believe our business is strong. We are in a position to continue to grow faster than market. Getting our goal has always been to grow approximately twice the size, twice the growth of the market for the reasons Ken really discussed. Based on our in line Q3 results, as well as the healthy volume we see at this time, our guidance for the full year remains consistent within the ranges we discussed in last quarter's call. Looking forward to 2013, at this very point, we're again comfortable saying expectations for the full year revenue growth in the mid to high-teens range in light of the fact that we are still early in our planning process and we are larger and we are facing more difficult comparisons. The economic environment remains steady. I disused this actually, it's pretty much the same thing we said this time last year just to sort of give you a little directional input that we pretty much see as we go into thinking about next year. Pretty much we're looking at this point in time the same as we sort of looked at this time last year. We will refine these numbers clearly after we announce our Q4 results and as forward quarters go forward next year. Specifically to guidance, we expect billing for the full year to be in the range of $590 to $600 million which is up 25% year-over-year at the midpoint. Results in billing for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $162 million to $172 million which at midpoint represents growth of 19% year-over-year. We expect a significant increase in renewals due to seasonality and that this implies the deferred revenue balance will increase around $20 million in Q4. Full revenue for full year to be in the range of $524 million to $528 million and up 21% year-over-year at the midpoint, this puts total revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $142 million to $146 million, which at the midpoint represents year-over-year growth of 19%. Gross margin approximately 73% for the full year in fourth quarter, operating margins of approximately 24% for the full year and approximately 25% for Q4. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the full year were approximately $0.51 based on expected weighted average diluted share count of approximately 166 million to 168 million. Non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately $0.15 based on expected diluted share count in the range of 168 million to 170 million. EPS is the sum at the low range of our prior range and really gives the fact that expense growth has really been relatively comparable to revenue growth, but we do expect this growth to begin to moderate over time. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of 150 million to 155 million for the full year and 37 million to 42 million for the fourth quarter. Excluding the 14.5 million land and buildings purchase we made during Q3, our free cash flow range would have been a 165 million to 170 million in terms of the range we gave for the year. In addition, we expect cash flow from operations to be in the range of 173 million to 178 million for the year and we assume our pro forma tax rate of 34% for the full year and fourth quarter. I will have a couple of quick closing remarks and frankly no one in this room quite knows what I'm going to say, so you will see what I do. And I’ve decided to say it this way. There is really never a great time to leave, but there is a good time to start a new challenge. We have accomplished a lot over the past five years as a team and three year as a public company. We are a recognized leader in network security market, overtaking a number of previously larger vendors. We have delivered compound growth well over 25% in our key top line metrics and operating margins nearing 24 % and 25% with free cash flow of margins well in excess of 30%. We managed expenses and investments with care and diligence. We work hard with a brighter focus on our mission. Our balance sheet is impeccable with cash and investment balances nearing 700 million and no debt. I would say that our track record for innovation is as good as any company have ever been associated with products coming out on time and on budget. Moving forward I've never been more confident that market opportunity, our positioning and our ability to continue to overachieve in our metrics. We have a great team in place here.  Finally, I'd like to thank Ken and Michael, our regional venture investors, the Board and team around me for an exciting and productive five years, helping to lead this company and give the shareholders probably a faith, confidence in investments, my best. Thank you.
Ken Goldman: It’s hard to sort of say if new products. We tend to think it doesn’t affect us in a negative way. My own opinion has always been when you do have new products, it’s nothing else that gives your sales force more confidence going out and meeting customers. When I was thinking about that comment, I was thinking about Americas probably saw a little bit more seasonality than we used to seek, sometimes we grow in Americas more in Q3 than from Q2. If you look at it, last year, EMEA came off a tough Q2, so it’s easier to have a small reduction from Q2 to Q3 last year and so we saw a little bit more seasonality in EMEA, although again they had a very good quarter, but they came off a stronger Q2 this year compared to what they did last year. And one more thing in EMEA, I think generally we see the environment there okay with a little bit softness in the areas like Southern Europe, like Italy that you would expect. And then in Asia Pac, I don’t think we necessarily saw any particular seasonality there with the only thing I've pointed out before was some changes we’re making in China due to more volatile results than we would like.
Ken Goldman: Well, timing is sort of random. Although having said that, it seems to happen in Q3 of both years. So it is sort of random and it's primarily when someone comes to us and looks for some patents and we feel the patent is not core to what we believe is really important to us and so it's a way for us to monetize an asset, if you will, that is not core and important to us, but doesn't limit us in any way forward. So from my perspective, maybe others have a different opinion, it’s a little bit opportunistic based upon some folks coming to us and enquiring about the ability to buy some patents and frankly if the price makes sense to us, we'll go do it.
Ken Goldman: Yes, I think if you look at that it was, if I get the numbers in front of me, we did 26% in Q2 of this year and we did 28% for Q3 of last year, so there may have been some quarters in which it was little higher than that, but in terms of three quarters that I'm looking at in front of me is, again is 26, 28, 28.
Ken Goldman: That's always hard to tell because to grow as a percent something else has to go down. My own opinion is that it will be relatively consistent. We are doing somethings as Ken noted in new products, which really is focused on that particular space and we really do have a great market share there, particularly on the ability to have a demand security service business. Having said that, retail is a little bit down this quarter, I should have pointed out that one of the things that also affect us a little bit this past quarter was a tail-off of one of the large deals that had actually a nice tail so what if you will over a number of quarters and that particular customer is growing great, but we didn't necessarily ship a lot to that customer this quarter. So that's why you saw retail go down a couple of points, if you will from prior quarters, but I think we'll continue to make progress in financial services. You witnessed that going up a couple of points this quarter vis-à-vis historical numbers and although education wasn't necessarily up from quarter-to-quarter, up nicely from Q3 of last year was only 3% and I think that's an area that again we see good growth when you look at what's happening in the future.
Ken Goldman: Well, again I think, you look at a variety of things, you look at the AR balance going into Q4 and our strong DSO we had going in Q3, so part of it is the timing you have and really the balance sheet I should say you have and it's not that dissimilar from what you saw last year Q3 to Q4 in terms, so that's why in other quarters you go in like in Q1, you go into the very strong AR balance and it helps you a lot in free cash flow. We expect cash payments to be up a little bit. As you noticed in the cash flow statement this quarter, we put as a footnote, payments we’re making on cash tax payments, so that's very transparent now. We think that will go up $1 million or $2 million as well in Q4 versus Q3 and so for all those factors and then you’re always getting something with the timing of the abilities. But frankly a lot of renewals, they do come in December is sort of called term is for the end of the year and obviously that will be collectible in Q1.
Ken Goldman: I talked to both numbers I believe last quarter. I am looking at my faithful group here and they are nodding their heads. So, I must have. So, I think we talked about both numbers. And so, there is, I'd say very unequivocally, there is no surprise in free cash flow both in terms of the inclusion coming in right on target in Q3 with or without the building and it is no surprise relative to our annual guidance visibility. We always pointed it out 14 million and so cash flow is actually coming in right on target, free cash flow. And you could see that by the way and the building gets sort of not to worry about the capital when you look at operating cash flow and so that number is very, very clean because it's obviously before capital expenditures.
Ken Goldman: Suffice to say that, I think as we have been very clear, Nancy who is in this room will be interim and so will be the go to person as we speak.
Ken Goldman: Well, I’ll bring it up and you know Ken may want to add, but I think that we’re going to make a change basically at the country management level. We’re going to work hard to create a better channel capability there, last few quarters have been very successful in Japan. We don’t talk about Japan very much but Japan has been a strong success story for us as we have and continue to build out the channel there. I think in retrospect, we're probably a little bit too dependent on larger deals in China than we probably appreciated. And that made the business a little bit more volatile where we came up, a very good Q2 and as I just point out not so good Q3. So I guess in nutshell, we are going to make some changes in the top in sales, leadership there and we’re going to put more focus on creating a viable channel structure there and therefore lessen our dependence on larger direct sale deals and I don't know if Ken wants to add to that.
Ken Goldman: No the reality is bookings and bill, the reason we don't describe bookings is because basically bookings are very similar. There are some quarters in the past where we've got (inaudible) inventory and so we’ve left a little bit on the table but as we’ve added to our inventory in last several quarters, we haven’t had that issue. So I would say in bookings and billings are pretty comparable and therefore we didn’t leap. Sometimes we're left with a couple of few million that we have to ship next quarter, that wasn’t the case this quarter.
Ken Goldman: Yes we don’t have the sort of federal government, has always been a very small percentage of our company, there are just some others you may deal with. We are doing some things that frankly we think is going to position us much better in the federal sector as we go forward, maybe not too much in the fourth of quarter, but as we think about ’13 -’14. But so I would say we're much more problematic relative to our gaining business in federal, and so we’re doing some long term things to get in the right programs and develop sustainable business there which is not at all affected by so called budget flush in the federal government. So, no, I will say that it had no impact on us. 
Ken Goldman: I'll say this way, I think we’re very pleased with, you look overall at EMEA and given where we came from mid-last year, I think we have shown sustainable growth now and the opportunities in the low 20s. And I think we feel pretty good if you will going forward EMEA. Clearly we are cautious to some extent because of the uncertain environment over there. In Asia pacific we are, we are very confident there. We had a very good quarter in a number of countries, we think we are well-positioned to do Q4 as well. In terms of China, we're not expecting any real pickup from what we did in Q3, so we are assuming that would take a couple of or three quarters beyond Q4 to see some sustainable increase there. And Americas come up some very-very good quarters and we wanted to see how it goes in Q4. We think we’re well positioned in Q4. I think a lot of it is going to depend upon, like anything else the excitement you have from some of the new operating system. And I would say that I think we will have a number of very exciting new products that Ken alluded to. But it's probably going to be more helpful early next year than they will be in Q4. So I would say Americas growth in Q4 is probably pretty consistent overall with what saw in Q3, in terms of what we see today.
Ken Goldman: Yes, so I think its maybe off by a quarter but I think it’s about five quarters that transaction there. We never gave specific numbers, it never was in the kind of numbers of you know seven days till I get my numbers right here. So it could be easily in the low millions in the quarter and you know that was, I would say relatively immaterial in terms of our results in Q3. So you know it wasn’t unexpected, I don’t want to give you a sense it was unexpected, so we did assume that, but yes it is one of the factors that made it a little more challenges in Q3 versus Q2, but it was expected. And again we have a great business with them and we expect overtime to do a lot more with them, but the particular projects we're working on is basically complete in terms of the installation.  In terms of margins you know I think I'd rather hold off on that and let the company sort of speak to that in Q1. You know I think it's a balance there just talking from side any way, is a balance there to can we continue to invest productively and use that accelerate growth because this is all about growth or is it make sense to let some of that margin or revenue fall through the bottom line and I think there is a point that that it'll make sense to let some of that fall through and how much of that in '013, I think I'll let the company talk to may be in January. The only thing I would say is over time, which same thing I've said over a long time. If you look at what are the ways to think about it, which is why I first said in remarks and if you look at our free cash flow margins you can look at those numbers, that's in the low 30s, and that's - our expenses are really driven by billings more so than revenues and so to the extent that we see growth in billings we'll continue to invest and are high equipped to achieve those billings and therefore you know because billings are quite a bit over time higher than revenues, you'll see lower operating margins and you will free cash flow margins. To the extent that we at some point see growth or you can't invest to bring the return and my sense says, as my sense say over time you'll see operating margins trend to free cash flow margins.
Ken Goldman: I would like to add to this comment. The reason we've always said what we said is, is that the process is getting incorporated new products over time and we don't announce that ahead of time. And so with products that may or may not be incorporated on is not known by customers until we are ready to announce it, and so we manage the transition both in terms of our inventory and the ability to ramp up the new products in a way to minimize that transition if you will, so that's probably the biggest element there. The other thing is some of our existing customers will continue to buy the existing products, because they already have that in their infrastructure and so it's harder for them to incorporate new products. So we actually will still sell the legacy products to many of the existing customers.
Ken Goldman: No, I don't think so. I think if you really think past over the last several years, you know we have done in my opinion a fabulous job of building out the enterprise organization in Americas. It's run by a very competent sales manager. We continue to, that's an area we have overachieved every quarter that I can think of in terms of what our forecasts have been for the quarter. We continue to win ever larger deals, it's an area where even though some others get a lot of notoriety if you will for firewall and so forth, we do very-very well there.  And I think we will work to improve if you will some of our messaging so we can even more better address, if you will, the high end high performance firewall market in which our product strength would compete very-very effectively and I think Ken alluded to a lot of that.
Ken Goldman: I don't know what it's going to be. I mean we are spending more with the channel and some of that FX expense, some of that the way it gets accounted for FX revenue as a contra if you will. So, I think we will continue to push hard in that. We have - in this particular quarter, we have various partner meetings in which we're going to do, I think a better job of with that messaging. So, I think you'll see more from the company along those lines, but I don't necessarily think it'll change our financial model.
Ken Goldman: No, let me see those numbers again, I don't think, no, that was definitely not a function of, well obviously China was down as I said before, but let me just find my data in front of me here. So, yeah it's right in front of me, which number you're looking at [100 or 250 or 500].
Ken Goldman: So over 500 it was, 16 versus 13 year-over-year, now yeah, it's a little bit down from Q2, if you will. But it's not unusual to see some downish if you will, sequentially in Q3. And clearly we did have less number of larger deals in China, I don't know how much of that was effective. We did definitely a less larger deals in China.
Ken Goldman: (Inaudible) It's a low-end, it's a chip that integrate a few function including CPU inside the chip, which can also go to the mid or high end system in the port level there. So, just whenever there is a new generation of FortiASIC, just like the new CPU come out. It take a little bit time to gradually design into the 40 gig system. So, that's where, but the chip enable us to really deliver much better performance the hardware platform. So, I'm not sure that’s your question.
Ken Goldman: Because you said license, yeah. Product revenue tends to track billings. The only caveat is I expected to go up sequentially. The only caveat in this is that both Q4s, people are saying Q4 this year is we do have a seasonally large amount of renewal billings and so to the extent that renewals will make a little bit higher percentage of our overall billings, you won't have the normal increase of product revenue sequentially because a greater percentage of that increase is coming from, if you will, renewals, which is obviously amortized over time, and as I talked about before will account for the, what we said about $20 millionish if you will of increase in deferred revenue.
Ken Goldman: Well, you never, like we also don’t know as we see Q4 right. But you know we look at where Q3 landed and what Q2 - what we did in Q2 and we look at some of the business that we see that nothing is going to translate into Q4 from Q3. It’s our impression that it is seasonal, it would coming off a number of quarters in which Americas is very-very well, had some very large deals and frankly if you look at a number of very large technology - deals of technology customers in the West Coast area if you will. So we continue to do quite well there. But I think as we look at it and we look at the makeup of our forecast, that's how we developed our thoughts, if you will, for Q4.
Ken Goldman: Yeah. There was a couple of things that we would have liked to have seen come in in Q3 that for whatever reason didn't make it across the line and that we expect we'll be fighting in Q4. And I think you know as I look at it the organization is very healthy. The business that we see out here is very-very healthy and our product was very healthy. So, I think we all think there is room here, if you will, that we are all well positioned for our Q4, and honestly for as we go into '013.
Ken Goldman: Yeah I think in the case of Europe we did a good quarter. Europe came, you know again I think Europe was much more normal for us in terms of Q2 to Q3, than last year where we had a tougher Q2 going into, and they give us a little bit opportunity to get back, if you will in Q3. I think in the case of, you know again, let’s not overdo this if you will. There’s a (Inaudible) couple of $3 million that we would have liked to have seen in Americas, but we really were not off very much from where we had hoped. It's a modest amount, and so I don't want to overstate, if you will, a concern here where concern really is not warranted.
Ken Goldman: Yeah I mean, I think if you talk to the sales, I mean they feel very good about what's going on in the environment and certainly the demand for security, as the continued new products and innovation going on security, and sort of the necessity if you will. I would say the diversity of applications across every single vertical you can think of. And so I don't think there is any diminution if you will of the opportunity out there. And my own opinion is, it will all be about execution as we go forward. I have confidence the products would come out and then we have to go and sell it. So I think we're just well-positioned.
Ken Goldman: Yeah I think the easiest, frankly, is we decide just to keep the range as same as last quarter and I didn't want to tune it and get too tight, if you will. So yeah, I think we could have reduced a little bit, if you will, but we felt. Generally the scheme of our guidance was to keep it consistent for the year as it was last quarter. We did tighten the revenue a little bit because frankly there is less variability that can occur in revenue one quarter than two quarters just because of the nature of revenue the way our model works. So the only area that we wanted to really be lot more specific, if you will, was on earnings per share because with Q3 behind us and sort of looking at the revenue that we guided, it was clear to us and the large number of shares, it's clear to us; there is less variability if you will on earnings per share. And so I think that's as much as anything else and filling the midpoint where is about right. And so to get a tighter on the range, we didn't think it would be that helpful.
Ken Goldman: Well, I certainly hope not. As you well know I've said for long time, this company that billings and product revenues is the real drivers of the business and that's our goal is to continue to have higher growth. And you know I don't want to give guidance, you know we don't get that specific in guidance, but the goal will remain that billings and product revenue will grow fast on services because that's what drives the business. So, yes, that is the fact that occurred this quarter, but I would say, that certainly everything we're doing from a new product point of view and driving sales and so forth is to drive product revenues at this point faster than services. 
Ken Goldman: The other one, we missed in China, so to speak that we did this quarter, there is a disproportionate amount of China billings, there is product revenues because of the nature of the business we do there, and so that has a more major impact on our product revenues as well as frankly on inventories.
Ken Goldman: Yes, but we don't actually describe how many but, they were, yes, but we don’t - that's the message we don’t, we give - the number is over 500, but we don’t give specifically how many over $1 million, but they were, yes. 
Ken Goldman: So operator, we will take the four questions, but I think it is pretty well we have to hold on to, just those four questions that are already in the queue.
Ken Goldman: I'll take the first and let Ken Xie take the second, but I think the pricing, I mean you often time to time see some of the older line companies try to compete particularly when they're losing business and they would try to sort compensate by using price and we will need to be competitive because the customer will sort of use that as a starting point, but I don’t see that and we don’t see that as changing sales cycles or effectively changing the price, and I think I can only argue the numbers they sort of speak themselves when you look at the overall network security shares with some of the existing players vis-a-vis Fortinet and you know frankly I believe we’re one of the top four that we think we can be in the top three shortly. So that’s how I react to that relative to the other question, let Ken take it.
Ken Goldman: No, we don’t see any changing and on the other side we have one of the best channel programs and that gives us quite a broad access to the market, both in the high-end carrier, big enterprise and also the SMB. So we continue to see the improvement, the huge improvement we have with our channel partner in US. So far we don’t see the competitor, especially some newcomer. So, they are not sign up with some of the major partner we have to date yet. 
Ken Goldman: Same number, feel free to call in. Again thank you, thank you for your kind comments and I'm sure you will be hearing from me somewhere in the future. So, thank you. I'm hopeful I will see all of you as well in the future.
Ken Xie: We have a relatively very strong patent portfolio, and over 110 issue patent and other were 100 pending patents and also we pioneered quite a lot of since in this space. We also have very strong legal team which keeping driving us has a lot of business opportunity, so what sort of patent we see not a co-patent now have overlap, is not a patent, so we’re always looking for opportunity to get some business here.
Ken Xie: Yes, we also win a few Fortune 100 company in Q3, which we believe would drive some future growth long-term wise.
Ken Xie: I think that the new OS, like I mentioned, they increased the more security to defend today's new attack there and also we added more manageability and also especially in the mobile device WLT which enterprises are facing a challenge today. And the ASIC actually enabled us to have all this function keep adding in at the same time improved performance. The current functions improved a lot. Like mentioned in the press release, like a one function, like the VPN function, we improved performance 10x, 10 times compared with the previous associated chip. So we are not quite target particular, certain vendor what in IPS or that we basically even with the platform gave us more advantage on a customer they can use in the single function or using the combination of a multifunction, because the platform can provide a best performance whether on a single function or combination of a function, which none of our competitor has this advantage on the platform on our ASIC. So that feels, overall, we’ll be keeping gaining market share in the whole space and also show a great advantage compared with competitor which are dependent on the general purpose CPU and software to deliver the performance. 
Ken Xie: I don't know if it broke down, but I think there is a couple of areas like in any quarter marginally a few things can go right and help you overachieve or not and I think a couple areas that they did not overachieve this quarter and I think about which we talked about China, there's a few transactions that we would have liked to close in Q3 that we believe will close in Q4 have already closed. We did see some softness in certain areas of Europe. So, there is a little bit more, like at the margin we would have liked to have done, which I talked about, which would have then placed us at the higher end of the range. I would say though, and Q3 is always what I call a tougher quarter to call because you go into this period of August where it's hard to figure out exactly where you're going to come out and then business comes really strongly back in September. But I would there's a few million here or there that we would have liked to have done a little better in billings which would have translated into revenues and all the way down the income statement. So, that again, I think in a lot of times like Q2 I think came in very, very strong and so that was good. We try to sort of add some caution to Q3 in terms of how we think about Q3 given the significant over-performance in Q2 and perhaps we didn't account for Q2, as well as we could have.
Ken Xie: Yes. We have a wide list of candidates, like over 20 to 30 candidates we have on the list. But also we have pretty strong internal team Ken helped build it up, Nancy is here also. I think we keeping doing quite well, so we are not going to rush into whatever we can get. We really want to search for the best candidate both outside and inside. So I think we’re carefully and actively interview and review all the candidate right now, so it's no time limit right now.
Ken Xie: I think, as ISDN definitely gave us a good opportunity because they trend in the way since the networks still gathered altogether and obviously, especially help in all the datacenter, so I think ISDN will have some impact on the traditional firewall which you certainly look in the connection there, but that's where like 12 years ago when we started forging our way through the security content, no need to be addressing the content in application layer. So, that's the region we have and I think that ISDN definitely will help in some company to manage the connection there, but it's really the security today most come from the current applications, so that will gave us kind of a more opportunity and including secure ISDN itself. So that’s the precision we have but also we are actively participating in ISDN, in all the activity there.
Ken Xie: By the way, one of the strong here we have is a service provider. They are also quite actively involved in ISDN and also we see some bigger data center where upon a service provider, enterprise already implement some of ISDN, which we also participate in. So it’s quite exciting space where we bring some change into the whole network landscape but it's also a good opportunity for the company who react quickly and keep up the R&D distribution so eventually we'll have more benefit of the change.
Ken Xie: Yes I agree with Ken Goldman as really we in the past probably there is quite heavy on some bigger deal instead of the wrong reach channel pass, so that’s what the percentage of the channel, probably China is pretty small. So we want to keep enhance the channel part which gives us better run-rate. On the other side is really the whole economy on mainland China, we also feel quite a slowdown on the (inaudible) for the country-level leadership change in there. So, that's probably also kind of a slowdown some of the spending is on bigger deal. So, that's probably the two factor is once the internal way to keeping improving our sales structure like more broad in both the deal and under the channel and also the broader product segment, and also the bigger environment also kind of we feel could be improved better later this year or next year. But China is relatively small overall of our business there. So, we hope we can grow faster over there, so we feel is the change in economy so we can do better.
Ken Xie: I think every like four, five years we tend to renew each price brand, upper price range of the product. So, I think the most loss due are quite well is the semiconductor. Right now as every two year you can double the performance. So, that's whether the new ASIC and also the new FortiOS will help in improve the performance. At the same time, they can also add in more function while the performance also keep improving.  So, that's where the advantage from the platform we have because ASIC will keep us to keeping improve the performance of the current function and then move away from the computation from the general-purpose CPU, while the new software can be added into the CPU and same time the old function once moved to the ASIC like the VPM we mentioned in ASIC-SoC2, we see 10x of the performance improvement there. So, that's the cycle we keep in going on in the last 12 years since that accompany. So I think the longer we're keeping doing this one we see the more advantage we have over the performance and plus the additional function we can keep enhancing the platform compared to the software only solution, which they can only depend on CPU. So if there is a module function, if there is auditing then the performance have to drop a lot because the function compute on a CPU performance.  So, I think for us, we both leverage wherever we see the new generation of FortiASIC come in, then also the new generation of the CPU technology come in, so we tend to keeping upgrade the FortiGate system. So, we see a few new FortiGate system will come out of R&D in the next few months. 
Ken Xie: I think all the - like I mentioned, in the last few quarters, we already (Inaudible) how we're in the field prepared to - well, it's a new FortiOS 5.0. We've added a flash memory, we've added some moderate resource there in the FortiGate system in the field. So, that enable pretty much all the FortiGate in the field, especially shipping them in the last few quarter and kind of upgrade to this FortiOS 5.0 as long as the customer have the support and maintenance contract with us.
Ken Xie: No. They are already building into the hardware we are shipping in the last couple of years actually.
Ken Xie: It's already designed, starting design here into the new appliance we're going to release in the next few months.
Ken Xie: I think the FortiOS, I don't see has any impact because that's where whatever Fiber-to-the-Ethernet most of the customers have today, they can upgrade to the new OS and also that we will later in the - later this quarter or next quarter, we start also shipping the processor with the new OS. On the ASIC, we have three ASIC family, so the quantum processor is probably the most of the FortiGate system, the iSource 3 chip is running, and then there's also we call the narrow processor of the FortiASIC NP that's mostly in the high end and then this iSource chip is integrated in the CPU together with some (CPN and NP) function there. But that will probably more go to the some lower and some middle range there, so that's the one we, once we have the refresh cycle of the hardware starting to come out, so we're starting designing this one.  So I think for us basically whenever we see the new CPU or the new FortiASIC or some module changing the memory and all this comes to where we tend to redesign the platform every three to four years. So we tend to not changing the price of the, like we have, like from (Inaudible) 300, 300A, 300B, 300C right now, that's the FortiGate. So we tend to maintain relatively same price at the same time we are kind of improving the performance, so that's where the product cycle we go through.
Ken Xie: Yeah I agree with what Ken mentioned. So, in the last couple of year we started building a large good enterprise team especially in US. And now we also want to keeping in rest in some other marketing positions, some lead generation. I think for us we found as early whenever we get invited to compete with the competitors, larger the old one or the new one, we have a lot of high percentage win rate. For the term that we're facing from (Inaudible) sometimes we are not knowing the deal and some leads not quite come in. So, that's where we are going to keep hands in the market in a position side and also have a more two open (Inaudible) especially on the enterprise side. So, that we believe will also help in the future growth in other segment.
Ken Xie: Yeah and also because sometime the customer still using the current product for a while, and so we don't have to refresh it if they since keep doing well. Even this quarter, we have a customer still buy the product we design like a seven, eight years ago, so that's where.
Ken Xie: This new product definitely enable us to get into some environment in the past, it's pretty much impossible for any network security company to get in because the performance requirement because the function requirement, so that's where with this new OS and new chip which enable us to really open a lot of new opportunity for us.
Ken Xie: Huawei definitely is one of the major player there and they are starting there in the security probably like a few years ago. It has the partnership with Symantec, the joint venture and then Huawei acquired the other half of the joint venture I think it's about two years ago. So, that quickly play in that market. There is a few local smaller players and smaller more local company, but we also see some moderate. I think there are pretty much old other player like Cisco, Juniper, Checkpoint and we are all playing in the market. It's similar to the rest of the market. It's really quite a fragment in the market I have to say, but certain, the common own-enterprise - sometimes they have a certain certificatory requirement which more favor to local company, which is difficult for us to compete.  But overall the market is still quite fragmented and the other thing we see is really, even like the market in US and European, they're more moved to the UTM and the function like antivirus or intrusion. But China is still more relatively in a firewall, the traditional firewall market. So, that's where we are a little bit behind them moving the new function is better like a UTM, compared to the rest of the other country. So, that's the overall landscape. I do see it's a huge market because they build a lot of a new infrastructure, especially some cloud infrastructure which need something like the high performance solution which we have more advantage compared with some other software solutions, but it's kind of permits the market over there.
Ken Xie: I think for Fortinet, I think we have the sales and marketing well integrated together, that's where future is, the marketing will try to support in the sales. So, most can be part of the sales organization, especially the field channel marketing, all these area. So, Greg has come to us a little bit over one year ago, stays here for probably one-year. I think it's a - but its (inaudible) a personal reason to move back to I believe Texas, is his own personal reason. Other than that I don’t have much comment I can make.
Ken Xie: I think on the executive level, the sales management teams are (sable), both International VP, Patricia and also the American VP, Mike Valentine has been with us like a seven, eight or nine years. So you know country manager level from time to time, we may do some changing, because some of our country manager are probably more strong in certain like the major - still major cause, are moderate maybe more strong in the channel. So, from time to time based on the stage we're growing, so we may kind of keeping - improving a little bit on the country manager level there. So, that's what happened in the U.K. one year ago and also what's happening in China right now. I think the overall the team is allover healthy, very stable, very strong and both in the field and also in the headquarter here.
Ken Xie: I just think really China tend to be more forward towards the products side and their services side is presented as an average, so that maybe a little bit impact.
Ken Xie: Yeah, it's more because the market there and China is already just by the firewall instead of by the whole UTM. So that's why when you buy the firewall is going to market the product, not much subscription service.
Ken Xie: I think right now we don’t have many technology partner compared to the one you mentioned the other competitor. Because we believe we have very strong engineer team with close to 1,000 R&D engineer working on many technology really pioneer the space. So compared to competitor you mention they have to license and have ours have a license at UIL, and also even the virtualization.  So I think for us it’s all our strong area. So that’s why in this area we believe we have the best solution with all the certification, with the best performance there. But we do partner with some other, like the solution provider including some biggest company, the biggest name in the space, try to provide a total solution to the customer. So that partnership is starting to develop well right now.
Ken Xie: I think some of our technology we feel can expand beyond the levels the security improved in the voice IP the video and also some storage, some networking area. But that's more long-term solution. So we kind of engage with some player in the space, but it's moreover early stage. We believe maybe a couple of years or few years later, the technology we develop both on the chip level, another on the (Inaudible) sulfur level can enable some modest space kind of leverage the technology we have - kind of expand beyond the network security space.
Ken Xie: And also I want to thank and appreciate Ken. Ken Goldman worked with us for the last five years and did a great contribution for our success. Thank you Ken and also good wish for the new position in Yahoo!
