Michelle Spolver: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this conference call to discuss Fortinet's financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. Joining me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Drew Del Matto, our new CFO. This is Drew's first conference call with Fortinet, and we all welcome him to the company and look forward to his contributions as we execute against our strategic growth initiatives. In terms of the structure of the call, Drew will open it with a high-level summary of our Q4 results and then turn the call over to Ken who will provide perspective on the market and our business and product highlights. Drew will then review our operating results and conclude with some thoughts on our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2014 before we open up the call for questions. As a reminder, today, we're holding 2 calls. For those who have additional and more detailed questions, we'll hold a second conference call at 3:30 p.m. Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our Investor Relations website and will be accessible as detailed in our earnings release. Before we begin, let me first read this disclaimer. Please note, some of the comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and changes in circumstances that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors described in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only on the date of this conference call, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on Slides 15 through 18 of the presentation that accompanies today's remarks. Please refer to the Investor Relations section of our website at www.investor.fortinet.com for important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago and the slides that accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. Note that we routinely post information on our website and we encourage you to make use of that resource. Now let me turn the call over to Drew who will summarize our key financial results for the fourth quarter.
Michelle Spolver: Let me ask you -- let me clarify a little bit, too, Brent. So that statement, there was some confusion there. I mean, the statement in context was made that we have a goal being a $1 billion company. We shared that with our partners. If we were to grow at 20% for the next couple of years, we could get there in 2 years. So that wasn't -- I want to be really clear. It's not -- it wasn't intended to be a guidance statement or anything like that. It was more of aligning to our goals. If we don't grow 20% the next 2 years, it'll take us a bit longer to get there. But $1 billion mark is still our short-term goal.
Michelle Spolver: All we need to do to achieve the growth of 2x the market, and he particularly called out Service Provider and APAC because America's doing a little better.
Michelle Spolver: I don't -- actually I'll just jump in here for a second though. I mean, without giving -- because we're not giving a full year guidance so there is no use of going here. I mean, the reality is it isn't going to introduce a brand-new product class for us. And we are selling FortiGate-5000, and we do have good traction there in the high end. This will give us a bigger opportunity. But at this point, I think it's hard to forecast what that's going to actually do to the March. And it is true that the higher-end products will bring higher-end margins or higher margins.
Michelle Spolver: Yes, extra strong overperformance this year or this Q4. I mean, last year, we had a decline of 15% sequentially. I mean that's based on just seasonality, the way our year goes. So it is a bit more of a decline than we would normally expect to see because we're coming off of a very strong Q4.
Michelle Spolver: No, I'll just go and tell you what we're going to share. I'm kidding. No, we are excited about what we're doing in RSA. There will be product announcements that are made there. That's probably the only thing I can really say right now. But we will be announcing new things at RSA. I can't tell you what are in the works.
Michelle Spolver: I'm sorry, the question was a bit long. The question, just so we're understanding is, with the investments that we've made, our forecast for Q1 is in line sort of what it was last year for Q1. Is that what sort of...
Michelle Spolver: I was going to say, the other thing, too, you have to understand is that we didn't have a stellar first half of last year. So what happens with guidance so far as billings, if the billings are slower, which they were slower, especially in the first quarter and the first half, it's going to have less that rolls off into revenue, so that would impact future revenue streams. So I think, to Ken's point, I don't want to put Drew on the spot here, he's sort of brand new here, but I would take that into account. And we do expect to see a continuation of a return or the return on investment that we're making, whether or not that's all going to come in Q1.
Michelle Spolver: I would actually just remind everybody, we're doing another call at 3:30. If you have more detailed questions, you can call in then. But thank you very much for joining our call. And we look forward to communicating with you in the quarter ahead.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Thank you, Michelle, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As you all know, I joined Fortinet just under a month ago, and I'm very excited to be part of the team. Having spent close to a decade in the security industry, I was attracted to Fortinet because I believe it is the best positioned company in the space to benefit from the ongoing demand for network security given our differentiated technology advantage and commitment to innovation, our established market leadership and our broad global reach. With today's increasingly sophisticated cyber threat landscape, the growth in internal and external cloud environment and increasing network bandwidth-intensive requirements, both security and performance are essential. With great products and great management team and a large addressable market opportunity, I found Fortinet to be a very well suited to benefit from these business drivers. Ken will talk about this more in a minute, but first, let me quickly summarize our Q4 financial results. Note that these figures include a positive impact of a patent sale of approximately $2 million that was executed during the quarter. I'm pleased to say that Fortinet had a strong fourth quarter. We executed well and matched or exceeded our guided ranges across all key financial metrics, even excluding the aforementioned patent sale. Our billings for the fourth quarter were $210 million, exceeding our guided range and representing a 20% year-over-year increase. Revenue was $177 million, up 17% and also exceeding our guided range. From a profitability perspective, non-GAAP operating margins were 21% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.15, both above our guided range. Non-GAAP gross margins were 71% which is in line with what we guided. Additionally, our cash generation was strong, evidenced by the $40 million of free cash flow reported during Q4. Finally, during the quarter, we purchased roughly 2 million shares of our stock, returning approximately $39 million back to shareholders as part of our share repurchase program approved in December. In a few minutes, I will give additional financial details. But first, let me turn the call over to Ken for some commentary on our business.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure. So the first -- I'm sorry, the first question was basically where are we investing? Yes, I think what we see in the past is that the investments in sales and marketing have paid off, and so we're really investing to expand our sales capacity. But also in marketing in the sense that to develop either better -- to improve our lead generation capabilities and just the overall marketing to sales process. That's the first place. Some investment in new products on the R&D side, and then in the areas of G&A, just light investment. As I mentioned, we're building out our ERP. So we're really investing to scale the company. In terms of gross margins, as we mentioned, we saw a delta last quarter. We really took the 3 large deals that I mentioned, which were enterprise-related activity and still had some higher end products, but some lower-end entry-level products attached to them, which dragged down the margin a bit. We would expect to see the margins get back to a more normal rate. And I think we were calling out 70%, 71% growth for the next quarter. [indiscernible] more closer to normal.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Right. I would just add that, that's on billing. So if you mathematically took the 2013 billings times 20% for a couple of years, you roughly -- you get to just about $1 billion of billings, and that's all it was saying. If you did that math, you could get to $1 billion over that timeframe. That was the point.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Maybe I'll take the first one and then I'll turn this over to you. Sure, Aaron. In terms of sales productivity, we don't really -- we haven't shared numbers publicly. We're not going to do that. But see it like this. I mean, we have been building our capacity and so, quite frankly, as you build capacity, it takes time to get people up to full productivity. So we're probably not at full productivity on what we have on board. And we are continuing to invest because we do see the opportunity. And quite honestly, we've seen the opportunity -- where we do track and where we have invested in 2013, we did see a payoff. And you saw some of that result in Q4. Beyond that, we also believe we can ultimately improve bills, sales productivity over time by spending money also in marketing and areas such as lead generation. And also focusing marketing dollars in key verticals like the Enterprise and Service Provider space.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yes, I think -- I don't have this in sight, but I believe the answer is we had a stronger Q4 than the prior year. And so if you look Q3 to Q4, in both of the years, it probably normalizes.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yes, again, we're really not -- I'm going to take the next 90 days to have a nice look at the business here, Shaul. I appreciate the question. But look, I would say that the investments we've made update us, and we're going to continue to invest. We believe we can grow, as we said. And the right thing to do right now is really figure out what the priorities are for the company, get a better sense and make sure we're investing appropriately in each of those priorities to optimize the growth. And that's what we're going to do. So it'd be really hard at this point to give you any sense from what that number might be.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yes, I think that's right, Michelle. I think the other thing I would say, because a bit of a kind of a question about the confidence in the forecast. I would say this, myself included, we did a lot of due diligence on the process. And we feel like we came up with the appropriate number based on what we saw when we checked guidance. We do believe in the business, and the investments will continue to pay off. And some of that -- we'll see some of that in Q1 and hopefully some of that beyond.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Full year. Yes. So I said 17% give or take 1 point. So first of all, to clarify that, to give a little bit of room there. I think, it's an annualized number. And again, I would qualify all of that by saying we're going to take some time here. I think the right thing to do, as I said, is take a good look at the business, make sure that we are focused on the right opportunities and matching them with the right priorities at the right level of investment. And look, I've been here less than 30 days, and as we go through the next 90 days, we'll have better information on that.
Andrew H. Del Matto: That's okay. I just want to make sure you get part of how we're thinking about it or how I'm thinking about it.
Andrew H. Del Matto: So the board, as we said, the board authorized $200 million, and we repurchased $39 million. So we have $161 million remaining. I think part of what we'll do as we go over the next 90 days or perhaps beyond is take a close look at our capital allocation strategy. And we are primarily focused on growth, just to be clear. We believe we can grow, and we're going to invest in growth. But at the same time, we'll include some to match to make sure that we're opportunistically looking at opportunities to move into buybacks when it makes sense.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. I think that also relates to some other product launch timing. You can see, we have the new system-on-chip solution announced about 1 year ago starting few quarter multiples to low end in the last few quarters. And then the new NP6 only announced a few months ago, so the first 2 new products just come out last quarter, so don’t have enough time to ramp up yet. And then there's a few more will come off pretty soon. So that maybe has a little bit impact. But also more about the few deal we have, which has a lot of our branch office solutions which is using the low-end product. I think that going forward, we definitely will see this will return to normal and also the high-end product will continue to grow, especially the NP6, which was a huge advantage in the high-end area.
Ken Xie: I think, APT is still a relatively new area. There's some kind of coverage that come from the traditional like antivirus intrusion, so they probably take some of the market there. But the majority still relatively new to a point behind the firewall. One thing we mentioned in the earnings call and also in the press release early this week, we are one of the best in this proactive or the unknown attacks. So we have highest catch rate for the recorded proactive attack, which has unknown signature. You have to detect based on whatever added behavior ever since.[ph] So we have worked on that one. We won the highest score last year, and we have -- we had perfect score there. So I think that's part of solution called FortiGate. But also there's some additional protection. Some of the garment of big Enterprise, sometimes they have a multiple layer of protection, so APT unit behind the primary firewall. So I think the firewall is still there. But some additional layer could be the port behind the firewall to do the additional detection and prevention there. 200 is most -- $200 million from my -- the data asset.
Ken Xie: Probably more in U.S. and some vertical space, which we don't have a lot of dedication in the past. That's where we see it fast growing. And especially in the data center solutions. It's where we see a lot of our demand in high-speed data center requirement, especially the 100 gig, the new high-speed standard in the data center and also leverage our new FortiASIC chip. That's the area that we probably invest more. And also the service provider we mentioned starting with cover is better now compared to last year. So we also are keeping investment in that area also.
Ken Xie: That's some of the sales target, it's not a forecast. But also, we believe, if you look at our investment in sales and marketing the return we have. So every additional dollar you invest in sales and marketing, we have a better return, like a return, like a $3 and above in the past. So that's where we feel that if we completely invest relatively more compared to the -- like in the past, we probably can reach better growth. That drives the global partner conference or the partner itself is quite excited. We see a lot of opportunities, and both on the market and also on new products. I think they're quite excited about the potential the company may grow faster. But also we need to keep invest, which we under-invested in the last few years after that deal.
Ken Xie: Yes. I think that's where a lot of the mobile secure solution need to be offered by the service provider. And that's where we see we have a very strong position there. And we also had our competitor, lot of testing and whether mobile routing. I think that we feel pretty confident that will be market potential growing area.
Ken Xie: Also kind of decision in compared to some of the newcomer because like every dollar revenue is spent maybe about 30-some cents on the sales margin compared to competitors spend more than that. Also if you look at the example we gave out in Latin America, in Canada in some U.S. Enterprise, the investment being made, yielded pretty good return and also like last few years we invested in the Europe market, take advantage of the high end. We already see some good return there. So this the macro environment is definitely good, and we have good technology product. If we kind of have good investment in sales marketing, we feel we have pretty good return. I think the second question relates to APAC.
Ken Xie: I think Service Provider [indiscernible] long time testing. But once they starting adopt a solution will be pretty long and also more kind of solid long-term benefit. I think that right now, we're still in the early stage, and also with our strong technology background, I think there's a good potential there. But sometimes, Service Provider they just to be take their time because the deployment yield is in a large scale. APAC, we see some growing, especially in the Southeast Asia. But I am not too concerned. I think that overall we have a bigger market share there, and also pretty strong team there. So like I said, from quarter-to-quarter, sometimes, some regions up and down a little bit, but overall, they still enjoy pretty good growth.
Ken Xie: Yes, those are 2 areas we need improving in our operation. One relate to the manufacturers supply chain management logistic. I think we did some hiring and also study improvement there, especially on the inventory and supply-chain area. On the other side, in the sales operation, on the productivity, on the lead gen, and the how to work, enable sales and marketing more effectively and that's the area we're still looking and we still actually hiring for the VP operations and also COO to help enhance the sales organization area.
Ken Xie: I think we'll be on time. We'll announce later this year. I don't see any concern. But like I said, we're still ahead of competitor, deliver the high-speed solution, and we announced the 2 products based on NP6 and some other both on the 5,000, 3,000 series space will come out, the few new model will come out in the next few months.
Ken Xie: The units take a long time to testing. But consider we're already spending the 5000 for 10 years. And a lot of customer is our existing customer. I think some of the deployment will take place sooner because some of them are already waiting for the 100 gig solution. So we already have some 40 gig solution, but 100 gig is really -- it will come out pretty soon.
Ken Xie: I think the major part of the investment are in the sales marketing and hiring pretty even smoothly during the year. I don't see any particular area. On the product side, maybe a little bit towards early in the year because there's a few new product that will come out towards the early part of the year.
Ken Xie: We have the total solution mimic [indiscernible] the gateway, the FortiGate. But we also the endpoint, we also have the cloud solution. And also one of the biggest [indiscernible] we do have a global research team and supporting team we call the FortiGuard, which has about 300 people, which helping customer to really kind of supporting them for any issue they have, and do real-time update and supporting and also provide all the latest update of the whole attack environment. So I think that will -- we have quite a structure around how to supporting the end-to-end solution right now.
Ken Xie: The NP6 will enhance the high-end product, which we already sell. So basically we'll be like -- improve the performance a lot. And that will give us more strong competitive advantage. The margin on whether the new one and the current we're selling is almost the same. There's no big change. But definitely, NP6, like I mentioned is the 5x faster than the previous NP4 chip we're using right now.
Ken Xie: I think probably the data center is more eager to waiting for the 100 gig solution than the Enterprise. And that also could be big client for this year and once the 100 gig solution will come out. Because the data center is -- there is a lot of application now more towards the data center cloud-based, and that definitely will help. Enterprise still see that demand is more in the -- they call the APT attack some of the like higher layer security concern, which may boost the performance and also the additional function. But data center, I think more driven by the speed. So the NP6 and also some other new products will come out, the higher speed definitely will help in the data center so that we feel could be strong growing area for us this year.
Ken Xie: Let me answer your last question first. We did see that demand on retail sector started to pick up after the Target issue, and we have the retail trade show early this month. It's a lot of interest in secured retail branch office and also the [indiscernible]. We also made the recent report, so we will see quite a strong area in retail.
Ken Xie: Not on retail driven by some bigger deal. We don't want to forecast because sometime the bigger deal may take some time to close. But we see it as one of the strong areas. We see there a lot of demand. Service Provider and LTE, it's still early stage and we just do a lot of testing going on, especially how the mobile routing on internet routing can help solve the mobile security issue from the carrier point of view. It's too early in the game. And also I have to say, among all the network security provider, we are on the top leader in that area, both on the technology and the speed on the customer base. So we feel quite comfortable we're keeping leading in that area.
Ken Xie: You can also look on Slide 9 on the presentation about function. I think that's where we say we probably invested in more sales marketing area to help the growth because the percentage-wise, if you compare some competitors, I think there are still some areas to grow in.
Ken Xie: China is still a very small percentage of our business, and we really don't comment country by country. But I think overall, APAC is not bad, and we see strong in Southeast Asia, but not in particular countries, and also China is also pretty small percentage wise right now.
Ken Xie: Andrew has been on board less than 1 month so he might still have honeymoon, so that's where. So I think that probably -- I think that maybe later in the year, we'll make more kind of detailed guidance. And probably this is the first quarter, we tend to be tried to -- I think we'll probably we'll take some time to be careful.
Ken Xie: I think the 100 gig to the data center and also the 4G-LTE in the Service Provider definitely is more industry strength there, and I think what drives toward the high-speed secure solution. I think on the industries, I think, sometimes you see some news up and down in the security space. That's what's keeping come back. That's more related to the normal business kind of sense. And also some different kind of vendor may try to -- like a market position sometimes different solutions. But it's definitely, we see the infrastructure sometimes also drives the growth of the high-speed solution.
Ken Xie: No, we don't see much in the landscape. And the lower end is that, it's a move that will benefit some from the release of system-on-chip, the second generation microwave typical which we introduced a few product in the last few quarters. But I think overall landscape is still the same.
