Aaron Ovadia: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. This is Aaron Ovadia, Director of Investor Relations at Fortinet. I am pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the second quarter of 2024. Joining me on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; Keith Jensen, our CFO; and John Whittle, our COO. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Ken will begin our call today by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will then review our financial and operating results Second quarter of 2024, before providing guidance for the third quarter of 2024 and updating the full year. We will then open the call for questions. During the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that is on today's call that we will be making forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings and in particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today's call are non-GAAP, unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in our earnings press release and the presentation accompanying today's remarks, both of which are posted on our Investor Relations website. The prepared remarks for today's earnings call will be posted on the quarterly earnings section of our Investor Relations with immediately following today's call. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis, unless noted otherwise. I will now turn the call over to Ken.
Aaron Ovadia: Thank you, Keith. As a reminder, during the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question to allow others to participate. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Aaron Ovadia: Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for joining today's call. Fortinet will be attending investor conferences hosted by Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs and Oppenheimer during the third quarter. We will also be holding an Analyst Day on November 18 where we expect to update our medium-term financial model. The webcast link will be posted on the events in the Presentations section of Fortinet's Investor Relations website. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact me. Have a great rest of your day.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the gross margin is the largest driver of what you saw in the operating margin, particularly when you look at it on a quarter-over-quarter basis and in that, we talked about or made reference to a more normalized environment for us in terms of inventory levels, turns and what we're seeing with channel inventory but also commitments to our contract manufacturers. So I think that we've been working through that for probably the last 3 quarters, maybe 4 quarters. And with that, I would say, I think we've returned to a more normal state and so I would expect that to continue on. I think we're getting a little more contribution from sales and marketing than maybe I'd like at the moment and I would expect us to make a little bit more investments there as we go through the second half of the year. Keep in mind, we're getting a very large group of salespeople as Ken made reference to from both the Lacework and the Next DLP acquisitions. But I think we feel certainly comfortable with the guidance that we've given for both Q3 and for the full year on the margin line.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I don't -- I mean, I think it's a good starting point is to look at the improvement in operating margin flowing through to free cash flow. Some of the changes that we monitor would be things like contract duration but you've seen now that industries and companies have been talking about contract duration for several quarters and you really haven't seen that come through to us yet. I should say, yes, habits going to come through to us. And so I'm not I think we have opportunity to leverage our balance sheet more with our customers and prospects that we have. But I don't see over the next 90 days or 180 days, a dramatic shift in that area.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Again, I think the inventory part of that is I think we've worked our way back to a more normalized state. So I think that is our business model going forward for it that way. There can always be something that changes but I don't see us anticipating something in the gross margin line and that is by far and away the biggest opportunity there. I think it also says that we clearly have the opportunity to more -- invest more in go-to-market than we did in the first half of this year. And I think we've factored in some of that investment ideas or those ideas in our forecast and our guidance. In terms of whether or not I make Ken Cry, when I increase the margin the way I did, that's a different topic and I'll let him respond to that.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the software license, if you kind of step back and look at what the business model is not to make it only simplistic, we want to -- it's so compelling to start with the firewall and it's very compelling to start with the ASIC. So a physical part of it, we don't always do that but we almost always start with a firewall, whether it's physical or virtual. Really, what you want to do is get the operating system in the hands of the customer. And what form factor that takes is we're fairly agnostic about that. So once that happens, then you start to see the knock-on effect of either selling more firewall use cases and other form factors into organizations or you're seeing that full portfolio, the SecOps product line take hold as continuous to expand throughout organization. So I would expect that we're going to continue to see tailwinds and growth, no doubt about it from the software part of the business. Will there be a mix shift that slows a little bit when firewall and FortiGate starts to return? Sure, absolutely. But this has been a trend that we talked about a little bit, I think, last quarter and probably some earlier quarters about the software mix and the mix shift that we've been seeing. So I would expect that, that's going to continue on given the success we're seeing in the other 2 pillars.
Keith Jensen: Tal, I think I kind of missed -- very, very faint on your questions there. Maybe if you can give us maybe a little later recap of the 2 questions you had.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think that -- I mean if you kind of look at the recap of the year, there's not a lot of variability in it, if you will. We are a little bit light in the first quarter, we came back and recovered the first quarter shortage in the second quarter. Now you see us looking at the third quarter and maybe taking that just a little bit off of some of the Street numbers and looking to see a little bit of that back in the fourth quarter. But we're kind of taking the third quarter correction to the Street numbers and putting it into the full year number. But yes, offsetting a very, very similar amount in terms of what we expect to get from the acquisitions and that leaves the full year range very much intact. And I understand that tick up is quick, I understand part of that is I'm taking -- I'm getting inorganic benefit in that number of the 0.5 point that we talked about at the -- and really taking down the organic part of the business. But again, I think we're talking about small numbers here.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the OpEx is probably a little lighter on the sales and marketing line than maybe we would like to see, particularly as we start looking at more opportunities as we get into the second half of the year and into 2025. So hopefully, we'll find some opportunities there to make investments. Obviously, you're going to get a fairly significant movement there from the 2 acquisitions that we just did and we gave the number about what the OpEx impact is going to be, that will largely be in sales and marketing. Buyback, I think that we still remain being opportunistic and that opportunistic number changes every 90 days as we reset our plans.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think because we are so diversified, as you kind of alluded to, 70% of the business is international and a little bit less than 30% in the U.S. And yes, there's been a lot of elections around the world this year but it's certainly the U.S. election, maybe weighing on people and every kind of taking a position of waiting to see. As you move -- pull back from that, the international emerging part of the business has been strong, very strong for several quarters and continues on to be. A lot of those are oil-producing countries and similar. So I think they've done well in this economic cycle. There are a little more risk there perhaps with geopolitical events in some of those countries. But to this point, it really hasn't had an impact there. We are much more likely to be the number 1 market share when you move outside the U.S. and parts of Europe and the Middle East and Latin America and parts of APAC. And I think having an incumbency advantage, if you will, helps you in those more challenging times because you're there, you're on site and you have that opportunity to cross-sell and upsell your installed base.
Keith Jensen: Well, I look forward to seeing you in November at the Analyst Day and we'll talk more about 2025 and midterm numbers. But in the interim, I would probably say that if it's a white space account in some of these places like Lacework would be, for example, I think it's going to be much more prone to having a shorter duration contract. If it's part of that 90% of be selling SecOps or SASE solutions to my installed base. What I'm seeing to this point is my installed base continues to purchase in terms of contract duration, the way they have historically. So they haven't -- if I sell something from the SecOp portfolio into one of my firewall customers, they tend to sign up for a longer duration contract than you may see from a point solution vendor.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Ken is spot on, right? It's a lumpy industry. Financial services can be to at times as well. But I think more importantly, I think the conversations around their own independent SASE solution that they can bring to market is something that's getting a lot more conversation from the service providers. I think we saw it first internationally and we're starting to see a little bit more of it here domestically. But that's going to -- that's a pretty exciting opportunity if it continues to move forward.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think there's a few things going on there. I think probably 9 months ago, we looked at the cost structure pretty closely. And across a number of areas. And the first place that people kind of look at and when you're in that vote is marketing programs and they get hit pretty hard early on. And I think you're trying to see that roll through you do make changes to your compensation programs, whether it's for direct salespeople or for channel people or what have you. And I think maybe as we're coming out of that environment now, it's important for us to kind of revisit some of those decisions and making sure I kind of talk about the investment opportunities that we have in the sales and marketing line. And I think I would include the channel net as well. It is why I would say that to your point or you're repeating me, probably a little bit lower than we would have liked it to have been in the second quarter. And I think we'll continue to make go-to-market investments here in the second half of the year.
Keith Jensen: Just to repeat what Ken said, maybe a little more granularity. I think the price increases that you referred to, we're really probably a late '21, 2022 impact. And I don't think we're really raising prices at '23. We did take some prices down at the end of '23 and in the very beginning of 2024. But that's really been the only pricing actions we've taken in the last 6 months. And then to Ken's point, I think we're at a moment where we think it's probably -- the value for the solution is very, very strong. I think the energy costs that Ken mentioned is starting to get -- it's gotten a lot of traction internationally in Europe but you're starting to see more conversation around that in the U.S. and that could be people concerned about energy consumption and issues with AI and EV and government actions on manufacturing. So I do think the energy cost advantage is coming into play more. And then last one on that discounting was, I think, very much in line. I think we actually improved discounting meaning higher prices by about 1 point quarter-over-quarter and kind of a similar number one way or the other for the full year. So we obviously have room given the margins to use discounting and pricing as a lever. But I think there's other things that we'd like to push on first.
Keith Jensen: Well, I think whether it's a virtual firewall or any other software product or the software licenses are all coming in at very, very attractive margins. I think that when you look at some of the SaaS solutions that are sitting in the services line for SecOps and so forth, you get a very wide range of margins there but it's only because of the relative size or maturity of the solution. Obviously, something that's very new and absorbing a lot of the hosting cost is a little harder. But those aren't as big numbers. As you see those SecOps solutions get greater and greater traction and more critical mass, the margins start to normalize. I think kind of what's really been exciting is the ability to absorb those data center POP, colo, everybody's got their hand in the products and on these things, cloud provider fees and developing the SaaS solutions and still bring up the services gross margin. And by the same token, being able to absorb the charge for Lacework on the operating margin line because we've managed the business in terms of cost of goods sold for the product side, I think we're really, really pleased with how those 2 things will work hand in hand.
Keith Jensen: No, great question. I mean we've talked about 8-figure deals and our size 8-figure deals can kind of still will around, as you saw in the fourth quarter last year, we did 6 of them. We had one 8-figure deal, Q1. We had 2 in Q2. So I would wouldn't attribute to that. I think what we saw the last month of the quarter and particularly as we got into the last week of the quarter, what you see in a strong market is a lot of deals started to fall in place and we're getting across the finish line. I think we saw a lot more positiveness if you will, at the end of Q2 than maybe we saw say at the end of Q3 or something like that last year.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I don't think that the form factor really impacts the visibility in terms of what's in the pipeline or how we work with the sales teams in terms of forecasting. I've not noticed a difference, if you will, in close rates between a virtual machine and a physical machine.
Ken Xie: Also, we'll benefit from the service revenue which has a much higher margin compared to the product revenue. So once the product starts growing, because product has a lower gross margin, that probably will impact the margin but the product is also the leading indicator of future service. So that's where we kind of also were happy to see the product also starting growing now which I think going forward with the product has a higher percentage, that probably also will impact the margin.
Ken Xie: In the FortiSASE and FortiOS, we see customers setting turn around more and more function which also enable more service for us. At the same time, the FortiSASE Secure Ops has also fully pretty much our service base and plus a lot of secure a high percentage in software compared to the hardware on the secure networking part. So that's both helping drive the additional software and licensing growth.
Ken Xie: I think it's probably more Keith. I think the rest of the year probably still pretty tough to make an environment where the election or some interest rate is still pretty high. The money cost is pretty high that's where some companies may not really want to spend some long-term investment which is drive the product revenue and building infrastructure, so that's what we view. Also, if you look at it historically, every 4 years -- 4 to 5 years, the network here or another network in our security they need to be refreshed for faster, more function layer. So that's where we feel when we're starting this supply chain issue, they artificially put up the since lag started in 2001 [ph], maybe next year will be pretty much full year cycle now. So some company may start looking to refresh the product they purchased 4, 5 years ago, especially in certain vertical like retail, some other we see pretty strong growth in early days of a supply chain issue and we feel probably in the next 1 to 2 years, they may starting to return to see some investment on the infrastructure. On the other side, we see the big trend we always believe, always a hybrid mode, even there's -- like we have a very advanced SASE infrastructure side but also to secure OT/IoT area, to secure a lot of infrastructure, work for home and we do need an appliance in the field. And also even for SASE, we do offer both cloud-based SASE and also on premise-based private SASE. So that also needs some hardware to support in local for the customer.
Ken Xie: I think that get some part about the 2 acquisitions impact on billing. I believe the post-acquisition, I think, Lacework maybe this year will contribute or maybe...
Ken Xie: Yes. And also, in the market, whether the private company, public company, we see the multiple probably more friendly for [indiscernible] compared to the last 2, 3 years. So we should go back to more reasonable so that we see some opportunity there.
Ken Xie: In the U.S., last next growing area which also needs more direct marketing, direct sales. That's also need more investment. So that's where we do plan to invest more into sales and marketing to keep gaining market share in the U.S.
Ken Xie: We do believe next year, there's -- I think first, overall, we see the long-term convergence -- networking convergence to network security, we're still keeping going. That's why we do give the CAGR in secure networking area is about 15% year-over-year growth. If you look in the investor presentation slide for about which page. But on the other side, we also see a lot of new opportunity, whether in the OT area in the Unified SASE and also upsell, cross-sell which are all helping driving, I would say, probably like a 90% customer initially moved by a FortiGate getting the firewall and network security market first which we have a huge advantage over competitors. But after that one, they're keeping expanding beyond the network security, go to the other area. So that's what's happening for the Unified SASE for the Secure Op. And now the product, especially on the FortiGate firewall side we're starting to see kind of go back to normal or starting growing with the market now. So, we do feel probably next year will be whether the refresh cycle which after -- that's where the existing customer, if they have the product for 4, 5 years, that's probably the average turn starting to refresh. And so we do see probably next year, we're starting that process.
Ken Xie: Yes. I don't feel the service provider telecom slowdown, it's really kind of lumpy and on the other side, we're also starting to see the telecom service provider more interest in offer their own SASE using our product solution or kind of helping customers do the private SASE, localized SASE which also will helping drive our long-term growth. But I do believe long-term wise, the service provider will be if not the biggest, probably one of the biggest part of the whole cybersecurity business because they have the infrastructure, they have the customer relation, so we still want to keep a focus on the service provider area. But for them, it's really the sales cycle resting is long and the deal pretty big, like 8-figure deal. That's where the lumpiness probably impacted the quarterly. But if you look at more long-term multi-quarter annually, I don't believe it's still keeping growing.
Ken Xie: Yes, I agree with Keith. We're starting tracking more carefully for the ROI for each investment in marketing sales and also try to improve the efficiency with the marketing sales. On the other side, we are a little bit behind on hiring in the sales and marketing side which we intend to accelerate. So that's actually what will drive the future growth.
Ken Xie: I think we have not increased the price in the last few quarters. I think that because we still believe we have a huge advantage with FortiASIC, FortiOS technology has a more function better performance, lower total cost of ownership and also energy cost. So we feel we're keeping that advantage over our competitors. On the other side, we don't see any pressure to also decrease price all kind of discount more. So that's where we feel we're keeping pretty stable for the price. And at the same time, that the customers see the benefit of our product solution and with better performance, more function which also will drive the future service. I think the bigger environment also, we don't feel changed much. Definitely, we see that the inventory all go back to normal weather on kind of inventory and also the channel inventory. That's also more helping driving the healthy behavior in the business also in the supply chain area. Maybe Keith has something to add.
Ken Xie: Yes, agree. There's the infrastructure probably different than the last refresh cycle. You see more hybrid working environment, whether working remotely and also more supporting broad connection, including connect all this OT/IoT device level. For the SASE, we always believe also should be a hybrid SASE environment, not just cloud only. You do need to have a private SASE, some other local SASE offer by service provider. And also some time, the SASE also need secure some device which cannot install a software agent like using a FortiAP, FortiSwitch to secure this agent is device. So that's where we feel this also will always kind of the unified SASE will be the long-term future. We believe we also combine both the hardware and the software and infrastructure and appliance together. So that's where the refresh. On the other side, network security is always probably the biggest market -- I mean it has been the biggest market in cybersecurity for probably 30 years now, 20, 30 years and keep expanding because more people devices get connect and more application to access or even as cloud, you do need to secure on the network side. So that's what we see when you try to access the network side and also the long-term convergence of network in network security, that's also what drives the refresh. That's also you can see the Gartner research we pointed out, the convergence of network in the network security also starting or accelerating. So originally, I think last year, they say by 2030, the secure networking will be larger than traditional networking. Now they say, 2026, 4 years ahead, the secure networking will be larger than the traditional networking. So that's where we really invest long term on this trend. And with all this FortiOS, FortiASIC and making the best both appliance and infrastructure, the ASIC technology and at the same time, also try to investment more in the sales and marketing area to really catch the trend and also keep gaining market share. So that's the strategy to be ahead.
Ken Xie: Yes, we probably would do some more deep study to maybe on Analyst Day, we'll give some color next year and also some midterm model on November 18 which also the 15 anniversary of IPO.
