Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, I think a few things. Yeah, we did see some weakness – well, first of all I would say there was a little bit – we saw a little malaise in Europe overall. Two is, I think in certain countries that was more pronounced. I think the things we can do in some of those countries will better, and it has to do with in some case how we organize some of the people we have over there, also some of the people we have added as well. And then in terms of my confidence, if you will, our confidence, we look at our forecast for Q3, we look at the momentum we see in the deal flow in terms of Q3, the pipeline and so forth. As we see that see some of the – we did take some actions, if you will, in terms of not let anybody go but sort of reallocating or changing some people around that we feel quite confident that we will see improved results in EMEA. Again, I think we did – again I don’t think it's totally ourselves, but what I’ve heard from some others that EMEA was, there was a little bit of malaise in EMEA, but that’s not an excuse, we think we will do better, we plan to do better given everything we know today in Q3 and Q4.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, so I would say, so in summary I think it reflects certainly the environment but also some things I think – in our feeling we can do better in certain of the countries or regions verticals in Europe as well. Nonetheless, we did have some good wins, the revenue growth was good, but we also expect that we will do better in terms of billings going forward.Philip Rueppel – Wells Fargo Securities: Great, thanks very much.
Kenneth Goldman: No, I think it's always a challenge when you give metrics as you can read too much into one or two points, and I would just tell you in all candid that’s pure noise level when we have one or two points up and down from quarter to quarter. Again, I don’t expect to see big changes in that trend. I think the point we try to make in some of my long prepared remarks, is the reality is there are opportunities from us all the way from entry level SMB and enterprise, and frankly we need to do – we need to grow market share in all three of those “segments.” And so, while we continue to be very, very focused on the enterprise and service provider probably because I think people don’t always give us the credit we deserve in that area, the reality is there're opportunities all up and down in chain in terms of growing market share, and that applies to Americas, applies to Europe or applies to APAC.Jonathan Ruykhaver – Morgan, Keegan & Company: Okay good enough. Thank you.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, at least from what I can tell right know that I do not think there is anything – that we at least read into that. I mean we did have a greater number of deals in the 100 as well as the 250, but not necessarily in the 500 and over. So, I do not think there is anything there that does sort of – that will move around a bit and so at least from what I can tell right now and then talking to our sales folks I do not think there is any real indication there that we are seeing any real change in the market opportunity for us.
Kenneth Goldman: Well, yeah, what I tried to do is, again revenue to some extent does lag as you know billings. Billings does include a variety of things, it includes new products, it includes the services that go with those, it includes renewals and then you have the, not the issue, but you have the complexity of doing one, two or three year types of deal as well. So all of that take into account into revenue as well as the point you make relative to we did gain some revenues on a year-over-year basis not quarter-to-quarter relative to going to the new revenue reg rules as of Q1 of this year. But, again, the mix, I mean, the mix in terms of billings and whether the services component of that, renewals component of that and product component, all of that affects what revenues we’ll recognize in the quarter, and so that is all taken into account.
Kenneth Goldman: I will say this way. We wanted to make the accountability a little clearer. So no change in people, it’s just a question of making sure the accountabilities are a little clearer, cleaner and in some cases we have added some folks in certain countries in EMEA as well that we think will contribute to improved performance.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, I don’t want to get quite that goony (ph) because I think that could be misleading. So I think I would just rather say what I said relative to optimism relative to Q3, but I do not want to get into specific deals closing and so forth with only a couple of weeks into the quarter.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, no I would not say we have really changed our methodology of guidance. I mean, I think, if you look at this past quarter, I think in the case of all the metrics we follow we overachieved except that you would say that we were in line in terms of billings. And so, clearly if like anything else you want to do better than your forecast. So our goal is continue to do better than we guided, I mean that’s our goal. The guidance reflects that any one time our best feel for what we see in terms of the overall environment and market and our ability to execute. So that is how we guide and then we obvious, if we can we want to do the best we possibly can and so that’s where we go into any quarter. But I wouldn’t say that we particularly, I mean, we have not seen any change in the environment that says we should pull in our horns, we should get concerned, we should get nervous that would be the absolutely wrong take away from this call. Our perspective is we are in a growth market, a very good market, we are very well positioned, we have a good new product flow coming out, there is nothing in any of our regions including Europe that concerns us relative to our ability to forward execute. So, we are raring to go relative to Q3 and finishing out this year.
Kenneth Goldman: No, I don’t think so. I mean, again, that will vary a little bit from quarter to quarter. But I don’t think there is anything in particular that we would see there in terms of types of deals we do. I mean sometimes deals – we get services after the fact, sometimes we get one year services and sometimes we’ll get three years, pretty much don’t get much beyond that. So, no, I don’t see anything there. My own sense is that that number will sort of go up and down a little bit from quarter-to-quarter and not necessarily be a distinct trend one way or the other.
Kenneth Goldman: With the one exception which I did say in the long term is try not to use (inaudible) over a number of years and we don’t do that anymore. So that will – so there will be a little less that goes into the services especially because of China which now is under the normal revenue reg rules and not amortized and deferred over, you know, which used to be a lengthy number of years.
Kenneth Goldman: Well, I mean if you look at our numbers APAC and the Americas grew quite nicely, it's a plus. So, we had good growth there. Even when we were going in terms of plus, you know, Europe tended to be in the 20 percentish range plus or minus, so again remember what the comment we made earlier is, we do have somewhat higher share in Europe and so the ability to grow on that higher share is not as easy as it is to speak in Americas or Asia PAC. But I mean our billings growth would’ve been certainly higher than what we showed had EMEA been a little bit more like what used to, and as I said before, we are – at least given where I sit today we are hopeful and confident that we will see better growth out of Europe this following quarter.
Kenneth Goldman: I mean you really look at it, if you had Europe 15% to 20%, we would’ve back in the thirtyish or so kind of growth there. And that, you know, again, we haven’t changed. That remains our goal. So, it is clearly – we are very, very focused now. Again I don’t give guidance to that range. But our goal has always been consistently to grow at the 30% range approximately.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, I don’t know if I have it quite that granular at this particular time and probably don’t want to get quite to that level of detail. So, in terms of pipeline by vertical.
Kenneth Goldman: Well, that’s a good question. I don’t know the tax rate but we continue to – we will have all that in our queue, but it's in the couple three million as I think I’m guessing here that we spend in – it maybe not even a couple of million in taxes. So, we are not helping the governments in terms of paying down the deficit. But it remains very, very low and it's primarily because of the exercises of stock options and the deductions they are on.
Kenneth Goldman: No, I actually don’t think we had a backend loaded quarter. As you can see I’m actually very pleased with our DSO at 63 days. So, I don’t really believe our quarter was any fundamentally different in terms of linearity than prior quarters. Again, we feel quite good up and down in our balance sheet anyhow if you were looking at that balance sheet and certainly AR and DSO was good, inventories we made in very, very good control. PP&E net, modest and so, no, I would say no real change.
Kenneth Goldman: But we’ll continue to work on – this is never ending. So you need to keep on working on features and performance, and so, having the full sample of the features and, yeah, sometimes customers focus on one feature versus another, and so, we will continue to bring that out in our product line.Shaul Eyal – Oppenheimer & Company: You guys indicated that there is a number of products coming in the second half probably some of them in the third quarter. Could it be that some of your European customers made matters kind of held back a little bit on spending in anticipation for those kind of new products, could it have anything to do with it a little bit.
Kenneth Goldman: No I wouldn’t necessarily suggest that. We tend to have from quarter to quarter, some quarters are a little higher than other quarters in terms of new product intros. But, no, I don’t necessarily think that was the flavor for Europe. And by the way, in Europe, we say Europe, Middle East and Asia, and so one of the areas that I think in particular that we – I think I said this last quarter too is, Middle East is clear an area where instability makes a little bit more challenging.Shaul Eyal – Oppenheimer & Company:  Okay, sure. All right thank you very much.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah I don’t know – I mean it’s like – I think my comment really is more generic in that I think we definitely feel we could and can do better in our growth in Europe and we are focused on that. And again, I do not see any dramatic changes. I think this may be a sort of a nuance in terms of focus in certain areas and then perform a little bit better. So I do not see any nuance around the channel. I mean every quarter we look at different players, we do from time to time make some changes. And so, there is nothing dramatic though that I am suggesting here.
Kenneth Goldman: No, I wouldn’t say that it had. If it had any impact I surely didn’t see it. So, no, I don’t – discounting and pricing and so forth and wins and losses, again, I don’t see that as having – assuming I didn’t see it, it having any impact, I really don’t. I think again our ability was – some deals might get pushed out as opposed to losing it from pricing. So, no, I don’t the competitive situation has changed in Europe either or other areas of the world. So, I would not say it's that issue either. Again, I think it is in our ability to close deals in the timeframe we expect to close deals.
Kenneth Goldman: I don’t know that. I don’t have any detail there. So, it certainly wasn’t discussed very much internally. So I do not think that – I would not characterize that as indicative of any real trend, no, that I know of anyway.
Kenneth Goldman: Well, yeah, the second was really the same as the first really if I think about it. And I think we will – as we look to the end of this year and thinking about our forward plans for next several years we will take another look at our long term margins. Clearly we are doing better. I think the ability to invest is consistent with the guidance we gave, and so, we don’t want to go backwards really. Clearly, others in our space also are making very good margins. So we see opportunity to continue to do well. I don’t want to give a number yet, because we haven’t put it together. But, we will take another look at what today – we set the model up a couple of years ago that we felt that was sort of our intermediate model. We have already over achieved that and we will take a look at going forward to what we can do beyond that hopefully when we put our numbers together.
Kenneth Goldman: I don’t remember any – we had a very good Q3 last year. You are right about that. I don’t recall I don’t have it front of me here, a very tough – some people looking at numbers. So now the question is, the comment is, no, we do not have a tough federal compare Q3 versus Q3 of last year.
Kenneth Goldman: But we did have a good margin last year and we did – some of them last year over achieve some of our revenues and we did actually end up under spending.
Kenneth Goldman: Can I add one more thing? I think last year we were also helped by currencies. So, last year I think the dollar happened to be a little stronger and that helped us from the currency and expenses point of view and, yeah, that’s been the opposite effect this year.
Kenneth Goldman: Yeah, I knew we weren’t doing – people were sort of, in my opinion, sort of over – taking too much into an issue relative to billings and so be it. But, again, I think that – surely that’s an issue that we will have – the only way you can dispel that is to perform. And so, we know in Q3 and Q4 we have to perform there. So I totally understand that. Relative to the emerging area, we do not have that specifically broken out in terms of Brazil. We do know whether you are talking about Eastern Europe, some of the Asian countries, as well as Brazil and so forth, there is India whatever, there are opportunities to – we are very focused on that. Let me say it that way, and we do think we can grow even faster there as we invest.
Kenneth Goldman: You know, I am not going to specifically take it – our investments are up, predicate – are all inclusive if you will in terms of the guidance I provided.
Kenneth Goldman: Okay. So, let me stop there. Just remind you that we do have another call at 3:30 Pacific Time for a purely Q&A. I will not have any prepared remarks for that call, but purely for Q&A to go through any questions you may have, any additional questions you may have on business model or details except that we haven’t answered them relative to the results for this quarter. So I look forward to that call and any other questions that you may have and thank you for listening to this call.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. Let me also add some point. Traditionally we are more strong in Southern Europe, now we are starting keeping our hands – we are in northern part of Europe. And also, in Europe we also have some plan to go to sort of vertical market compared to we are more to in by country by region as we did in US, like two or three years ago. So US in the last two, three years we have more transitioned into the vertical market focused. We also believe some Europe change may be benefit to more focusing some vertical market.
Ken Xie: Yeah, Jonathan, I know you follow Fortinet for almost ten years. You know, when we started selling like in 2003, the first few years actually we have each region above one third, and then Europe started more catching up a few years later, then US started growing faster in the last couple of years. Now, we see APAC starting to get strong. The size of economy of APAC also starting pretty close to Europe right now. So we see that APAC strong growing, Fortinet is a world banner, it's a global company and that’s where we kind of – one have the global growth. That’s the strategy we have, have global overall growth and more balanced out. So that’s – I don’t see particular weakening in the Europe it's more how we can chip in each region and continue to grow and balance out.
Ken Xie: Keith, this is Ken, let me add a few points. Also the product growth is also very, very important meaty indicator. Because we have more than half of the revenue come from service, which we have to recognize during the period. But product growth, with 50% product growth is also very, very strong. So what we see is really, a lot of service provider they tend to buy short pan on the service likely more preferred renewal year by year compared to some of the SMB they tend to lock in for multiple years. So that is where we see very, very strong in the product growth, but also on the other side really sometime the patent of the service purchase also change. We do not quite have the solid data yet, but from the product growth we feel pretty comfortable for the long term service growth.
Ken Xie: Like I said we started building a federal team more based in DC locally with the leadership like Phil Fuster, he is the VP of Federal, joined about one year’s ago. So, but federal deal you only take quite some time and also some time depend on the budget process. Right now, the fed (inaudible) very small, immaterial for us right now, but we do see the potential growing quick and also larger deal there, because the product provision and the function we have is more like a high speed, high quality and/or secure result certification fitting the space well, and also we are a US based company. So with that we do see the good potential going forward, just we somehow got in that space relatively late because the company in early days was more based on the region not based on the vertical market. But we started changing this vertical focused structure about a couple of years ago especially in US and we are seeing very, very good result right now.
Ken Xie: I think still in very, very early stage because a lot of service provider are starting trying to offer – I mean they are in a trial model and they also try to offer the value added security service beyond the broadband internet service. But I have to say what’s the price model, what kind of service they can provide, the value they can add is still more in the early stage. But they do see the benefit of UTM, which one platform they can offer multiple service based on the cost money, so they have the flexibility using the single platform to offer different service. Also like the virtual domain, virtualized service also is welcomed by the service provider. But it’s in very, very early stage, but they do see the huge benefit, it's much better margin and the customer also like the service provider to play more role in a secure clean pipe there. So that’s where we see the huge potential going forward.
Ken Xie: This is Ken Xie, let me try to answer. I think most of the time we don’t win maybe more because we do not quite see some of that deal, because some of the bigger player, especially some bigger networking company they try to leverage their marketing power, they have some other product to bundle all these things together. But when we get in – and always the product, the technology, the performance is the reason the customers join us. I don’t think we are really loosing because they’ll compete much on the pricing. It's really – we believe we have the best value, we have the best performance in the space. That keeps us winning. 
Ken Xie: We just want to keep expanding into all the country all the region. And like, right now we have more aggressive hiring in the Northern Europe, and also keeping the hiring spent in the Southern Europe. So that’s pretty much the plan we have.
Dan Cummins – ThinkEquity: Thank you. Could I go back to some things that you referenced before about your success in Europe, traditionally was skewed to southern Europe. As you move sales resources and focus perhaps proportionately north, does that involve doing anything fundamentally different than you’ve done traditionally with respect to the channel, could this perhaps require more investment spending in channel resources or sales resources in northern Europe? Thanks.
Dan Cummins – ThinkEquity: Yes, so now, I don’t see it – I mean we are very focused on our ratios. So we feel we can continue to exhibit the kind of margins I showed and it also make investments that we think are necessary in certain areas to grow our business. As Ken said, there are some emerging countries in Europe that we can do better on. There are some – Northern Europe as well, we can do better. So, there are areas that we did well this quarter and some other areas we don’t we could do a little bit better. But from an investment point of view and from a Channel point of view we don’t see any dramatic changes from that perspective, I would say it's more nuance changes than dramatic changes.
Dan Cummins – ThinkEquity: Can I ask just one follow up question in terms of your kind of an internal performance assessments. I guess, does that -- to the extent that you are acknowledging perhaps company specific issues and in addition to the macro environment, does that – just by implication does that also include your channel resources, your channel sales and productivity side.
