Ken Xie: Thanks, Peter and thank you to everyone for joining today's call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. I'm pleased with the strong fourth quarter results. Billings increased 22% to $649 million and revenue was up 22% to $507 million driven by solid growth in both American and EMEA. Our non-GAAP operation margin for the quarter was 26%. For the full year billing increased 20% to $2.15 billion and revenue was up 20% to $1.8 billion. Our non-GAAP operating margin increased to 22%. On a GAAP basis operating income more than doubled to $231 million and our GAAP operating margin increased to 13%. Our superior technology and broad Security Fabric architect contribute to the market share gain in 2018. The improved sales, marketing and continued investment in our channel also contributed to our growth. According to a recent Gartner survey, 72% of respondents said that security was their topmost concern when it come to one deployment. Fortinet base operates secured SD-WAN with building and next generation firewall continued to gain significant traction across geographies and market segment. In the fourth quarter, Fortinet signed a seven-figure deal with Backmine [ph], a European retailer with 4,000 stores in 26 countries. We displaced a competitor as a result of our ability to provide integrated SD-WAN functionality and security in a single device. Fortinet has received the most reviews of our vendors in the Gartner peer insight for SD-WAN and more than double in the other vendor. So we expect strong adoption of our secure SD-WAN offering for the next several years. During the fourth quarter, Fortinet and Symantec announced a partnership agreement to provide customers with the industry most comprehensive and robust security solutions across endpoint network and cloud environments. Today, we announced the release of a new series of the high performance FortiGate Next-Generation Firewalls the new E-series, including a FortiGate 3,600E, 3,400E, 600E and the 400E, which delivers a combination of up to 30-gigabits per second protection and the 34-gigabit per second SSL inspection performance. Additionally, the E-series enable organizations to implement Intent-based Segmentation, providing smooth access control, continuous trough assessment, end-to-end visibility, and automated threat protection. While 2018 may have benefited from the current enterprise product refresh cycle, we expect continued growth over the next few years due to three main drivers. First, our portfolio of integrated secured SD-WAN and 5G products, which position us well to take advantage of the transition to edge and cloud computing. Second, Fortinet's Secure Fabric offered the most-broad, automated and integrated security for end-to-end protection as our nation consolidate towards a single security vendor. And third, our security processor unit, SPU, ASIC technology, and a new high performance E-series product announced today, provide us with continued competitive advantage. Our SPU technology delivers 10x the performance of other several approaches. Over the next few quarters, we expect to increase our competitive advantage even more with the announcement of a new System-on-a-Chip, SPU and the network processor SPU chip integrated with new product for both cloud and edge computing. For 2019, we expect to generate another year of better-than-market growth, balanced with profitability. We are excited about significant opportunity ahead, and we will continue to invest our business while maintaining our goal of 25% operating margin by 2022. I want to thank the Fortinet team, our partners, and their ongoing hard work for customers for their support. Now, I will turn the call over to Keith for a closer look and our fourth quarter and the full year performance and our first quarter of 2019 guidance.
Ken Xie: Yeah. This is Ken. We still want to focus ourselves as a security company, especially now with security. But the security as a percentage of IT spend in to keep increase high percentage because security addressing the application content the user device and region level, which that the basic networking cannot address. So all this becomes much more important with the wider the 5G SD-WAN the data transformation. And what's unique about Fortinet, we also when we design a security we want to design in into the infrastructure like about 10 years ago we started design the Wi-Fi controller within FortiGate. And then four years, five years ago designed the SD-WAN controller inside of FortiGate. And also going forward the 5G designed within security. That's where -- so we basically, you can look at the FortiGate product, which we designed actually to incorporate some of the infrastructure function, which is very, very important for a lot of service providers and also for enterprise. And then for them to design the infrastructure together with security, inside our add-on security later. So that gives us a huge advantage like when there's a new infrastructure keep expanding like all the SD-WAN going forward the 5G and also working closely with service provider, widening the cloud and edge computing and also IoT/OT security. So that's the advantage we have. And we do think in more long-term for what security the infrastructure should be and then starting invest in R&D early.
Ken Xie: I don't know we have the detail data for that. But definitely we see the pipeline increase more quickly different from other SD-WAN player, which they only have SD-WAN function. We designed with security which is the top concern for all the WAN expansion. And at the same time this also other, we see other strong drivers for the future growth in the next few years, even beyond the refresh from underpriced network and security which probably will last a few more quarters. But for this expanding into SD-WAN into 5G will be at least a few more years. It will keep growing and then we are very uniquely positioned and has that design just a few years ago and that we started benefit from early investment.
Ken Xie: Yeah, the traditional firewall unit deployed in a, on the corporate enterprise edge and the border, so there's a trust in the zone and there's trust outside zone there. But this intent base segmentation just can deploy whatever the inside enterprise next to the server, next to the data center, next to the segment department and also some other device, which this, this had to be deployed at high-speed LAN environment compared to before the traditional firewall, once I connect the WAN, how do I connect the LAN. So this is ready high-speed, easy deployment and also leverage a lot of AI machine learning to automate the [indiscernible] intrusion, also the internal security issue which come as a majority of security concern now. So that's where it's how to move inside into the enterprise and also how to deal with the high-speed environment in automated response way. That's how this, the new E-Series are addressing right now. So, we see a quite big ramp, quite quick ramp because this can give the whole infrastructure security, just some kind of border security.
Ken Xie: The speed starting to become more and more important whether with the speed for the whole infrastructure increased 5G or internal segmentation deployment. So that's where we see more and more the mandate. And also when we also mentioned because the fabric also impose in both some of the switch, some of the Wi-Fi access AP, so that because all of this will be part of the total infrastructure. And the traditional firewall starting kind of being replaced we call the Third Generation so infrastructure security had to address both inside enterprise and the cloud, mobile endpoint altogether. So some of them we kind of innovate designed internally, somewhat we partner with some other partner like Symantec and other two to address the whole thing together within the whole industry. So that's where we see the transition is kind of a different than the part. You have to have a different part of infrastructure working closer together to integrate, to automate together. So that's where, especially the enterprise we start to see some consolidation going on. That’s we feel is our other drivers, so we do have the fabric approach both working with our own product and also working with the partner product together. So we feel this change will last for a few more years. And because this is different than the last time like four, five years ago replacing the traditional firewall with -- firewall UTM, now it’s ready the whole infrastructure needs to be secured altogether.
Ken Xie: Yeah. This is Ken. First, I think the service provider will start in play more and more important role in the security space. And also with the expanding of infrastructure SD-WAN 5G, so a few that -- the next few years would also be more strong for service provider keeping expanding their own infrastructure services and also add a security service. It's also interesting. Service providers, it’s a biggest sector for us. We are supporting them from -- or beginning more than 10 years. We can see that there is the trend going on there already, security become a high percentage. And I know sometimes like a few years ago, whether suddenly move with the cloud or something kind of a slowdown of the 5G whatever not quite there yet, slowdown the service providers spending a little bit. But since that entire round, so that's probably will be our strong driver for the next few years. And we also have all the product, all other service timing this very good and we feel pretty confidence give us additional growth driver for the next few years beyond the enterprise kind of refresh. Because we design all this whether SPU ASIC technology, the new product, the SD-WAN, the 5G security. Eventually it will benefit all the service provider, all enterprise customer a lot is none of the other strong competitor actually kind of internal develop or integrate as good as we are for this kind of security function with infrastructure function and also closely working with service provider for more than 10 years. So that gives us a pretty good confidence for the next few year's growth.
Ken Xie: Yeah, I think the focus is more on the latter than it is on the former. But I mean, I think again, I think the pipeline that we're looking at looks very, very strong. And whether that's an SD-WAN use case which I talked about which is going very well. Very excited about seeing the new 400, 600E products building out, the midrange product family plus the 3400, the 3600 that Ken just talked about and the new functionality that that's bringing along. I think what we really like to do here is kind of watch what happens with the U.S. government Brexit and the exit whether they're going to crash out or not and China's well. And again, I don't feel that we have large exposures in any of those geographies, in fact the quite small. But it's more kind of wonder off they're going through this process could those things start spilling over into the larger economies.
Ken Xie: Had not heard that and the tariffs impact are very small subset of our products. So, I would be surprised if we actually, if, it may be happen to other vendors, but I would not be expect that to see it happen here and we're not changing prices around tariff, so I didn't know that they would even had that incentive for, for Fortinet products.
Ken Xie: Yeah, so service provider they are, first very long, of our sales cycle I mean, probably one to two years to sell into service provider. And also they need to have environment more high performance and also more reliable environment. And also it's a very technical buy. It's different than some competitor using the marketing power to influence some of the nano tech buying enterprise, but service provider they have to be fully test the product and both himself and also the third party validation. So that's where we looking the service provider for more than 10 years and pretty much all the service provider, major service provider customer and working very close with them and also design function feature within many years together different in some other competitors announced they have product with service provider, but have not seen anything come out get. And then on the other side is like with SD-WAN, with a flagship with the new progress in the infrastructure there's also a lot of opportunity and the security becomes more complex for the enterprise and the service provider actually can provide additional value-added service. So that's where we are behind the service provider to support in their future growth in a security space. And so we do expect, I think it is also some sort of like I said it's really a lot of high-end product for the core and also could be a lot of edge computing like relate to IoT and some other part. So they need both the high end and also the edge product working together and so we have the advantage of that. And also like that the product we mentioned in the early call whether the 5000, the 7000, we have been shipping that product for a couple of years already meaning few years already. And so they -- rather need some time to get in the space and we don't see many of our competitors come close with the position we have today.
Ken Xie: Yes, we also have a huge advantage on the virtue and also we also call the virtue SPU. So that's the architecture we're using with a lot of our call provider in some virtual environment. At the same time, they also need to secure a core whether the data center or the cloud. And then together with the edge which also needs some kind of appliance in edge in the field there. So that's where you can see both the cloud the virtual growing quite well. And we also -- we kind of offer, we called the [indiscernible] integration with moldable cloud provider, with a more broad function then other competitor which give us more advantage. There is also a part of the fabric solution. So that's where -- whether you go to the cloud or virtual, you also need to make sure different applications and also different call provider working together to help customers solve the issue. So that's where we do the integration much better and also more broad offering compared to some of the competitors. So that's where we combined the virtue is the physical together is the advantage we offer to service provider.
Ken Xie: There's a two-part. First the security is more dynamic environment been in security for almost 30 years. You need to keep up the innovation. So that – if some of the companies to slow on innovation or cannot follow the trend, then the growth will be slowed down or even have to depend on acquired company to growth. And then acquired company the challenge really how this acquired company as a moderate to integrate with existing function, existing product. That's always a challenge for some of the bigger company. So some of the other smaller player actually, once they can already reached sort in size, the investment like whether like we spend billions of dollars in the ASIC technology, for the SPU and also the economy on scale also starting working well. So that's also making some of the smaller competitor has less, less advantage. With security reach higher speed, more broad offering so that's where the consolidation also start happening in the space. So I feel somewhat a smaller competitor probably start losing some of the age there. And they're still a lot of new niche market. That's for every year, there's a lot of new company come up to the space, play some of the new function, new application, new niche. But the issue is really the niche market can only address some part of enterprise. They cannot expand and cannot integrate, cannot improve the performance then they have difficult time to grow beyond like $100 million or $1 billion in there. So that's where we see some of the old company, long-term companies starting slower on some of the innovation and also the growth. And we feel that with the consolidation going on probably we're now looking more good for some of these companies.
Ken Xie: Yeah, also I want to clear as well. We don't sell the switch separately and all of the record of FortiSwitch sales with FortiGate together, so basically FortiGate control the switch and some resolution segmentation and also sometimes just some kind of whatever control function there also. So that's where has all the security function inside the switch and working with FortiGate, but switches not sold separately. It's a part of the recorded fabric solution. And that's together with some other, the web security, email security and plus security all together. So basically it’s had to be sold together instead of sold separately. So that's the switch is ready, we don't sell switch separately.
Ken Xie: Yeah the first -- the refresh I keep mentioning it's more on the enterprise space. So we're relatively small compared to other competitor in enterprise that grow much faster. So we're -- and also the refresh, it's different not as replacing the edge firewall or the traditional firewall with new firewall. But it's already tried to consolidation and also integrate different pieces together. So that's what it last a little bit longer and also making the deal, also bigger if you have more broad offering of compound partners under different player in the space. So we feel the enterprise refresh probably will continue for a few more quarters and even maybe a couple of more years because all this consolidation and also market product working together we keep doing that. And then we also keep growing enterprise space above average. On the other side, we also see the new infrastructure that we mentioned SD-WAN, the 5G and the service provider play bigger role more percentage into the space also helping driving. And also the timing of our new product, new SPU ASIC chip also very good because it takes us three to four years to design. And since that is finally coming out now and that we also benefit for all of these. That's where I mentioned that's a three drivers that will keep us growing because the broad product on the fabric more integrate to feed enterprise consolidation integration and also the new product and also the 5G SD-WAN in the service provider I think the three drivers beyond the refresh and I think we will help us on that growth for the next few years.
Ken Xie: For me as a engineer because we do invest in some other long-term innovation and like from the SPU ASIC chip level to with some infrastructure, some other things and also try to see how the next five years to 10 years we may keeping improving position and make a difference in a space. So that's where some time could be too technical, could take a long time to explain to some of the investor. So they are obviously talking about, some time I’ve got too deep too technical. So that's part I still feel has a lot of value a lot of potential and also different in some other competitor a little bit more short-term, some more finance focused. But we're more focused in the technology, the long-term make a big impact into the space. So that's the result as whether the innovation like the patent we have like just reached over 600 patents, most of them internal innovation. And also the new product and a lot of new technology function there. But like I said, so we are market in winning the technical buyers space, whether in the Fortune 100 company SP 100, I think we have 90 of the SP 100 and also the service provider, which is very technical player. And also the third-party testing from assets from some other, you can see wherever there is IP testing going on we're doing quite well. But compared to some of the other competitor more on the marketing or some other sell side, we're very improving ourselves. But at the same time we're also keeping the innovation culture we have. And also keeping invest in the technology and the product. So that's where we'll be. And then at the same time we also want to balance the growth and with margin, right, there’s no lack of growth without costs, pushing money and keeping – pushing money on the CapEx. So we want to keep in some balance on the growth and some of the margin both on the GAAP and non-GAAP cash flow base. So that's where from a shareholder return a lot, so this year will be our 10-year anniversary of IPO. So the evaluation will grow more than 10x in the last 10 years. So that's where we also kind of we view sometimes you may need to looking back, looking forward for a long time to see some of the strategy we planned.
Keith Jensen: I think when I talk to the channel leadership team, I think I probably described the last six months to 12 months as being one that was more focused on individual segments of the channel whether that was SMB, MSSP even the larger parts of the channel. And I think that programs are probably more tailored now, whether they are resellers or distributors. And I think the programs, when I say, tailored are probably more targeted in terms of where we're seeing the performance from our channel partners. 
Keith Jensen: This is Keith. Let me just add -- a little more context, if you look at a couple of verticals, when I talk to the sales leadership with Ken, I think in the financial services, you're seeing ROI in speed to be top of the list. And another one would be retail. I think that you're seeing SD-WAN in branches as we top off the list. 
Keith Jensen: No I think the -- for comparability purposes, I think we lose a day because of the conversion from 605 to 606. But I don't think -- I did notice last year -- last year being 2017, Europe finished up very early in the quarter and went after the holidays. I think both are working throughout December on both sides of the ocean this time.
Keith Jensen: I think the headline is that 2019 guidance looks a lot like 2018 guidance in terms of where we started, whether that's on the top line and whether that's on the growth. I think our pipeline, we feel very good about the pipeline that we're looking at the moment. And you know there's a certain note of caution and some of the things that I mentioned in the script, not necessarily directly relevant to us, but I think we're watching the spillover impact. But to come back to your original question, I think the model for 2019 looks a lot like the model did for 2018 in terms of the timing of things.
Keith Jensen: So kind of taking your last point first. I've continue to think that a comment we made very early in last year about the changing 50 comp plans is probably having an overblown impact. For people it's not doing what people are suggesting it is. But to your original point, I think we look at our pipeline, we feel very good about what we're seeing in terms of the business. I don't think there's something that we're seeing that's evidence of a slowdown. We feel very good about the things that are coming online as we move through the year, whether that's the new product offerings for the 3400 that we talked about, the 400 product offerings, the SD-WAN products and what we're seeing there. And I'll try to expand on the comment that was made I think we were talking to Jonathan a moment ago. I would offer that when I benchmark the pipeline growth of SD-WAN against other solutions, if you will, it benchmarks pipeline growth, benchmarks very well against other growth that we see. When I followed out and benchmarked that against the close rate, again, it benchmarks well when we compared to other parts of the business. So I think there's a lot of calluses we move through the year.
Keith Jensen: I'll kick it off and hand over to Ken for the hard part. Yeah, I think the service provider has always been a very strong part of our business. It's also been one that as a percentage of business, it's been fairly lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. Q4 is typically a very good quarter for the service provider part of our business. So, we're very pleased with the results. I think in the quarter itself, we had historically done very well with MSSP segment of that business, as well as the infrastructure, and we saw deals in both part of that business in the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes I mean that's how we’ve sign up the quarter. We're very pleased with the consistent execution across the geographies particularly in the fourth quarter in different parts of the business. But yes that's how we model the business.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. It is just a very strong performance that we had the fourth quarter. Clearly, an outperformance. 
Keith Jensen: Yeah. So I think kind of piece of that non-FortiGate includes secure fabric, which is the lion share of what you're talking about. It also includes other things professional service, training. We actually include phones and cameras and perhaps the 4010. I'm not sure in that particular group. But coming back to what really makes up secure access, secure fabric, switches are the pure of products. It's the largest of the products. So what you have it remains is 10 to 11, 12 different solutions that we offer in both hardware and software. And one metric, I would offer if you total up all the software billing in secure access, they're much greater than the secure switch billings are. And I think when you start looking at our -- when we start talking about our margins and while we’re pleased with what secure switches bring to us as part of a deal in terms of the product margin, we understand that it does not attach quite as much service, but it’s not a drain on margins on so some people may think. And also keep in mind in that particular product suite, I just described, software is much larger than switches and it's generating a lot more margin for us.
Keith Jensen: Sure. Let's start going in reverse order. Productivity assumptions, we had very strong productivity, particularly in the fourth quarter of last year of the sales team. I have not, to be cautious I'm not modeling sales productivity into the guidance, increases if you will. So I think that's an appropriate way to go about it. I think in terms of where we're adding salespeople, and in terms of the pace of hiring, perhaps it's a little bit behind our revenue growth number and we're trying to keep our sales hiring aligned up with the revenue growth number. And where we're actually targeting is as we've talked before is as we continue this expansion into the enterprise, I think one of our first areas of interest is finding experienced enterprise salespeople and bringing them on board. That's not to say we're not investing in other places and certainly the channel as I alluded to earlier as we continue to maintain and grow the leadership position in the SMB and the channel business, you're seeing investments there as well, as well as the carrier MSSP and the commercial segment of the business. But I would say kind of in the order that I gave in terms of priorities.
Keith Jensen: Yeah, we also, well, keeping in the market in both in the like with the pipeline and also have like a seasonal level kind of like influence there. And I think that's where we see one of the fast growing here for us really the enterprise, especially enterprise in the U.S. So we're, we come from a relatively small base, but we are keeping volume much faster than other competitor and also about company average. So we're keeping investing in that area. And that's also we have a better tool to tracking whether that's the [indiscernible] whatever all the tool starting working together and gave us better visibility for the pipeline, for productivity and also how to kind of different investments, see how they return for each investment, so I think we're starting, I try to be more efficient going forward.
Keith Jensen: So I think the -- to kind of frame it up first of all, I think some time ago we disclose the Federal army, the government vertical. It was pardon me 15, it was probably the second or third largest vertical, but it includes not only the U.S. Federal which is probably the smallest part, but also include state, local and international government into this as well. So in terms of a direct impact to the Federal shutdown together with the fact I think seven of the nine agencies were funded given the size of the Federal government is to our particular business very unconcerned about it. My concern stands from if this thing -- if we continue to go, if we close it down and start becoming a much broader economic issue than I’ve concerns about it.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. We’re both pausing, because we’ve not -- neither one of us really have any data that suggests there is a slowdown. If you're talking about the cloud providers and some of their plans or something like that. But regardless it doesn't -- we're not seeing something impacting our business.
Keith Jensen: I will take that. I would offer that probably echo what Ken said I think. One, clearly, we're executing on a balanced growth approach, right? We're balancing adding to the top line, adding to the bottom line. And I think that you know, when I look at the founders of the company, the long-term investors and I think that plays very well with them. And I think also the experience, so I think people sometimes undersell the experience that we have in the technology side with the founders and others where the direction of the, of the market is going over perhaps a longer period of time than perhaps looking at 90-day cycles.
Keith Jensen: Yeah, that's why you have to drive the growth for the next few years, even five to 10 years because there's a core and how to secure a really to the cloud side and the core data center side. And then because of our high speed application and also how to secure edge relate to all this IoT OT and how this like virtual combined with the physical and so that is that. And also see, the 5G also more applied by SDN, the software-defined networking and also kind of maybe related to the investment we made almost 10 years ago in the Wi-Fi combined with Wi-Fi controller inside FortiGate and then four, five years ago started for SDN. So SD-WAN controller inside FortiGate. So all this has to be combined together to play the 5G and also need at least like five to 10 years investment and also continue working with service provider with different part of infrastructure to play the 5G. And also even some different vertical has a different requirement so different application, different like related to different kind of IoT vertical. It's quite a complicated, but also need long-term investment and also need the design together like also, we had for designed security and infrastructure together and also, also 5G has to be in there like not just above part of for a few weeks or a few months then you have something come out. It really has to take years of investment. And also combined with technology, the other part working with service provider for years to come up the solution. So that's where we feel pretty confident about the 5G and will help drive for the next probably five to 10 years.
