Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Fortinet. I'm pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the first quarter of 2023. Speakers on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Ken will begin the call today by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will then review our financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2023 before providing guidance for the second quarter of 2023 and updating the full-year. We'll then open the call for questions. During the Q&A session, we do ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one followup question to allow others to participate. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements, and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make today are non-GAAP unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in the earnings press release and in the presentation that accompany today's remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website. Ken and Keith's prepared remarks for today's earnings call will be posted on the quarterly earnings section of our Investor Relations website immediately following today's call. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless noted otherwise. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you. As a reminder, during the Q&A session we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one followup question to allow others to participate. Chris, please open the call for questions.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Chris. Apologies to the seven people we left in the queue. I'd like to thank everyone for joining today's call. Fortinet will be attending investor conferences hosted by JPMorgan and Bank of America during the second quarter. Fireside chat, webcast links will be posted on the Events and Presentations section of the Fortinet Investor Relations website. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Ken Xie: Yes, also with the new FortiOS 7.4 that started launching, we started to have a more function. We can also enable much more new service going forward for both the current customer installation base and also for new customers.
Ken Xie: Also a point is very, you mentioned go back normal end of the year, we see later this year. It could be middle, could be towards the end, but in Q1 I'd say the operation team did a great job to reduce the backlog, which is also helping secure more customer and unload some cancellation rate.
Ken Xie: I think probably some of them will refer to the traditional network security, secure some enterprise, deployment enterprise, but we do see that our solution has a much broader use case and also expand much bigger market opportunities than the traditional enterprise firewall. And also the IT/OT is also see one of our strong growth, continue to helping drive both the new customer and also expanding the current existing customer. Also in the ICE and B [ph] space is a relatively greenfield. We also see pretty healthy faster growth probably even faster than the traditional enterprise, which is more replacement. I think all this I see contributing to pretty healthy, I keep saying double digit growth in the future for the whole security space.
Ken Xie: I would say from the quality architecture it's very different because security needs much more complete power and to handle the lot of unstructured data, which the traditional networking company, probably more based on some structured data handle, some fixed mix protocol and much less company power needed to process data compared with the network security. So that's where, and also we would have to implement the function and new function come up every year in the software first and then keep enhancing, improving performance leverage ASIC and that's also, we don't see networking company doing some of that. They probably maybe bit slow on where to come up the new function for the security space, all kind of have a different architecture to really supporting the secure computing needed for now security. So that's -- so far, have not seen the traditional networking company really come close. May be they did some acquisition, but so far I don't see they really come up too much since -- to meet a new demand from customer both on the function and also on the service, on the infrastructure change.
Ken Xie: Yes. First of all, SASE kind of a vision is little bit different than some of competitors. We do believe need to be universal, need to be more broadly deployed and also more leveraged, a lot of service provider infrastructure. It's kind of a hybrid environment inside of a cloud only SASE solution. And we do keep on expanding some of our path because there's a, definitely, there's some user like whether depend on working from home as a mother or SASE to secure some of their traffic here. But on other side, there's a huge base of customer need to using SASE, our kind of service model, leverage both service provider out their current infrastructure and even onsite appliance. And so that's where in certain point we also see our FortiSwitch and FortiAP are kind of have a agent to helping for the traffic for the Forti [indiscernible] to process all this SASE traffic there. So that's where, that's the reason we kind of put SASE in a single OS, both on the networking side of function like [indiscernible] brand strategy and other plus the security like a CASB DLP, [indiscernible] service, all these things. So that's where we have a more integrated, more broadly distributed and leverage whatever the hyper infrastructure size solution there. That's also the reason we continue to build some other PoP. It's a little bit different than some other leverage certain cloud provider because we do see the cloud provider potentially also can be the service provider to offer SASE and also from the [indiscernible] I point of view even have a little bit more investment from the beginning to build on PoP our self, but long-term will be more profit model, so we have a better margin so that, so we will take some time to make sure we build a healthy ecosystem, both with our partner and also with the investment for long-term benefit.
Ken Xie: Yes we definitely see some healthy growth of enterprise agreement. And also we're working closely with our channel partner with our service provider also leverage their connection, their resource to build a healthy ecosystem to grow together. But I also see from enterprise level, they also see the benefit of consolidation, definitely. And also not just consolidate some of security product, but also on the expanded infrastructure go beyond the traditional network security. So that's also, we see pretty healthy growth like a cure, and we do see that we could enhanced technology side also has pretty healthy growth. Yes, the sales force also, you can see the number of 1 million deal both on the number and also on the dollar wise has a pretty healthy growth continue to accelerate and grow beyond the total building growths. So that's, that's a pretty healthy trend we see going forward to helping customer consolidate.
Ken Xie: Yes. Also our SMB [ph] had a pretty healthy growth. Like I said, the SMB is a more greenfield for the network security. We do see more and more SMB need and network security to protect their business, especially comes from some other ransomware attack. On enterprise because it's a kind of more replacement and also a lot of enterprise kind of maybe the bigger [indiscernible] how we're more dependent on the service. So that impacts some of the high end. And also the other benefit for some of the low and middle range is really most I would say most IC one and some of the OT deployment are maybe towards the low end, middle range.
Ken Xie: Yes, we are, overall we look at both headcount and headcount cost, probably the same pace, company grow the top line, and also try to, at the same time try to improve in some efficiency there. So we're now looking for headcount growth above the top line, even with few, there's a few some question in the area. We also need to do some more investment, on time investment. But companies so far, we feel we have a pretty healthy finance model and this also could be the opportunity to also gain in some market share.
Ken Xie: First we continue to invest in the U.S. enterprise. We also see it's a huge growth potential for us because we have relatively small market share and with all the strong product technology we have. On the other side, the big environment definitely slowed down some of the enterprise making certain decisions whether to refresh or something like that. But on the other side our solution has a better lower total cost ownership and also can expand beyond the traditional network security and also helping customers to consolidate. So I think all this combined together, we do see the U.S. enterprise definitely is a strong grow area for us.
Ken Xie: I think during the slowdown of some of the big environment, definitely the competitors starting do more aggressive whether on some discount or offer some free for some turn of the free some percentage of free service. But from all angle, we see we have much better product position, much broad like infrastructure coverage and better service, and also both on the performance angle. The product definitely has performed much better for the same function, same cost, and same time. The cost service also has much more value and costs lower than competitors. So for us, we have not experienced like price pressure or discount pressure. It is more about how we can increase the coverage, increase the lease and pipeline, and also to meet the customer need in this big environment change.
Ken Xie: It's a pretty strong growth. And also we're working with a lot of our service providers, both on the infrastructure side or our security service side, and offer the SASE because we do believe SASE should be a ecosystem with a lot of player instead of just a vendor offer their own SASE. Because a lot of I'd say probably most the customer, they prefer some of their data in process controlled themselves whether some privacy SASE or some data sovereignty, keeping the data within certain geo. So that's where we see the SASE approach, we call universal SASE gave the customer flexibility to offer both cloud based on primary space or kind of leverage service providing infrastructure will be more benefit for industry long-term. So that's where -- even sometime we kind of take a little bit more time to develop all the SASE function in the single always. But that's making more easy for the customer, for the service provider to deploy SASE to fit their need at their environment. So we see a very, very healthy pipeline and the strong growth kind of our salary growth. And that's also based on kind of a more healthy margin kind of model instead of do see money, all of our growth. So we want to maintain that model and also working closely with our partner to offer kind of a SASE together to the customer.
Ken Xie: We see the midterm model would be $10 billion building by 2025 and with non-GAAP operating margin at least 25% for each year in the next three years.
Ken Xie: Yes, SASE definitely is the one the, the use case especially the universal SASE or sometime they called a private SASE for some customer, they some service provider, they want to have a more control of their data. So that's we see is both SASE like the service model, customer benefit service provider has a big value-added that one, but at the same time gave the flexibility of what your full of force some traffic to the cloud or to the pop or have a process on premise and by the appliance. So that's, we see the huge benefit of universal SASE solution, which is very different than some other SASE player and a lot of customers and the partner were interest to at this universal SASE approach.
Ken Xie: Yes. Also from technology angel, we have a two huge advantage. One is for the internal segmentation of secure data center. So because the ASIC advantage we have, we can deploy in the very high speed environment which a lot of us find service provider, they do need secure their kind of internal segmentation there. The other part, really some of finance service also starting to supporting work from home, working from remotely, which we also have a large super solution with our ASIC based like a small appliance supporting this kind of our broad infrastructure approach combined with that, like SD-WAN or the other 5G, 4G network and security together. So that gave us huge advantage from the product angle.
Ken Xie: Probably both. Yes, we do see the expanding of both the unit and also upsell cross-sell of the entire for the Security Fabric, which has 53 product. So that's where both our internal sales force also partners setting were lot [indiscernible] across for the whole fabric. At the same time, because we combine networking security and more function together multiply case, which also the unit shipment also starting keeping grow quite nicely.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think in the guidance particularly as we look at the full year, it's kind of difficult to figure out exactly which quarter some of that backlog is going to end up in or be canceled. But for the full year, I think we talked about low single digit growth that would be coming from the backlog. I do think that the risk to cancellations increases as the year progresses, and by that I mean if a customer has only been in backlog for a week or a month or something like that, there seems somewhat less probability that they're going to cancel. But the longer it takes to deliver on that backlog, I think the cancellation risk continues to increase.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I would say one just kind of as a general thought, I think that raising it to some extent I think probably gives you a little bit of a message that we feel good about our strategy and the execution that level that we can bring to the market. But more specifically and more tactically as we look through the second half of the year, there's probably a little more rigor and effort, if you will, in trying to look at what we see coming in the second half of the year. And I would give you that probably the two headlines that we're looking at. One is we're still very, very pleased with the pipeline. The pipeline continues to be well above anything that we're talking about, growth rates for the company for the full year. But I think the nuance that and maybe it's not even a nuance really that's coming into play now it is more about close rates. It's not just as simple as taking your pipeline and assuming you're going to have close rates that were at the same level they were in prior periods, and that's when we use the term close rates, not a suggestion that deals are getting lost, but this continual cycle that we seem to be in, where some of the larger enterprise deals in particular are taking longer, they're pushing out a lot of pushes. It's not that there's been an increase in losses, but the continual push. And so with that in mind, I think a fair amount of attention of looking at the full year guidance on what we really think our close rates may be for the second half of this year.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And Saket, maybe just, this is Keith, just to go along a level deeper on what Ken is talking about there, and I'll give you maybe four quick examples. So yes, enterprise agreement is something that we've been doing now for probably a couple years. We track those in some ways as a different line of business in terms of the growth rates and particularly as we've moved into the enterprise, I think it's been very important to be there and we've been very successful with it. I think another illustration of trying to make it easier for customers was the example of the large retailer we gave in the call today. And we talked about the points program, right? Which is an easier way, I think, sometimes for them to, to get on board and consume more of the products. And I think also then when we sell, making sure that we're, our salespeople are well trained on the value proposition that we're offering, not just on the cost of the appliance or the throughput or the performance, but also what it means to the customers management costs and overhead costs as well. And so I think those types of things are all going into play here to support what Ken is talking about, about making it easier for customers to consume more products.
Keith Jensen: Yes, great question and I think it didn't really look at the numbers closely this quarter we did last quarter. A couple things to keep in mind, the average contract term, call it 27 months, if all the contracts are 27 months, you could do that math, if they're not, some are one and some are three year contracts in terms of the renewals that are coming through. So, pardon me, one in five year contracts. Sorry, Peter. Thank you for that. So it does have a long tail and again, I'll refer you back to how many quarters or how a few years that we talked about seeing the uplift that came when we converted to 24 x 7 support from 8 x 5 that was something that continued to provide a benefit for several years. I think the tail gets smaller obviously as you go further out. I think the majority of what's -- of the existing contracts more than 50% are under the new pricing.
Keith Jensen: Yes, it is well, financial services have always been one of our, I like to say, always been for a long time. They were in the top three and it can be a bit future famine there with some very large deals in the quarter. But I don't think there was anything that was -- it was number two in this particular quarter. Thank you, Peter. I don't think there were any really large deals that drove that number. I think it was, we saw growth and success not only in the U.S., but also internationally, particularly in Europe. And so I think it was a strong quarter for us in that area.
Keith Jensen: I think we talked about one in the script just a moment ago and I think we commented that was an eight figure deal, if I'm not mistaken, right, without giving a specific number. Yes and I don't recall if there was a second eight figure deal if there was a second.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think that we called out three things and maybe focusing on two; one, we had a very strong gross margin in the quarter and I'll elaborate on that in a moment. And then also FX, continues to provide a tailwind. More commentary about the gross margin, particularly the product gross margin as we move through, the supply chain challenges and then into inflation, et cetera. Over the last couple of years, I think we've talked publicly that our goal was to try and keep the product gross margin around 61% or so. The fourth quarter came in, obviously very low. We did not anticipate that we'd be able to time our price increases and the cost increases perfectly. So they went through the income statement in the same quarter, so to speak. And with that, I think you saw a little bit of pressure in the fourth quarter and then you saw it kind of revert in the first quarter. I think longer-term, we also look at product gross margin as an opportunity sometimes for us to continue to invest in growth. And I think we saw the first quarter gross margin, certainly well above that band that I just talked about. And with that in mind, and as we start to see some of the costs moving out of the equation, and we introduce new products, I think we'll be looking at that in terms of is there an opportunity there to make certain investments in growth while maintaining the margin commitments that we've talked about.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think OT, we do look at, I mean, you're always trying to organize your sales force around verticals, geographies, or what have you. And I think when we started to see the opportunity in OT several years ago, Patrice and Ken made a decision to start separating that out and having really a separate sales function and some people that specialize in that. I do think that we probably got some first mover advantages by doing that, particularly as we look at Europe and then quickly followed thereafter by the U.S. And yes, there are some large names that are in that space that are providing technology, not security technology, but technologies in the OT space that have been very receptive, if you will, to conversations and opportunities to meet with us.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Well, first of all, I want to revel in the $600 million of free cash flow, which I've been doing it for some of more quarters, but I'm trying to let people know that a lot of the things fell our way in the quarter. There's always, the conversation in part of the sales cycle, if you will, the customers got a one-year, three-year, five-year deal. And certainly in a rising -- in an environment where interest rates have gone up, I think there's a lot more, many more conversations that exist, around payment terms and things like that. I do believe that, just as we just talked about in the second quarter of 2020 when COVID hit, we have a very strong balance sheet. We obviously have very strong margins, and it's appropriate for us to look at that, to that as opportunities to leverage our balance sheet and sometimes that may be in the form of extended payment terms or what have you, and our income statement in the form of, how we want to go about discounting and supporting growth. So I think that again, the strength that we've had, we have the ability to do those things. If the question is around what are we seeing from some of the enterprise customers, and Ken is seeing a lot of this as well, do we see deals that go from five years to three years? Sure. Is it more than we've seen in the past? I'd kind of look back at the contract term data point that we gave and say maybe, but not a lot kind of a thing. And on payment terms, the channel has always offered a financing function. I think they prefer to provide the financing function and then I think we provide support to the financing function to the channel by making capital available to them through payment terms.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I would think that with, when Ken talks about the figures is fantastic. I think keep in mind, we don't, we have a very, as we kind of talked about prepared market, a very diverse customer base, if you will, between being international, between being very large, mid, small, and MSSPs, et cetera. So I don't want put a policy in place that covers every geography and it covers every customer size. And I think what you're really talking about here is something that for us represents 15% of our business, maybe just a little bit less. And because it's at that size, it's something that we can really more, I think, target our responses to as we get deeper into the selling function as opposed to some broad announcement that we're going to give away services for two years or something like that.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think the one thing, Angie, and I think answer about this before as well, keep in mind, two-thirds of the business roughly is service revenue. And that's producing a gross margin that's in the mid-80s. So, and that's, those are longer-term contracts. So I think the business model is such that we'd have time to react if there was something really dramatic that happened in the industry. But part of that's, for that to happen, I think you'd probably have to see some sort of shift in the behavior of the bad actors, the nation states, the organized crime groups, et cetera. And we don't see that's on the landscape.
Keith Jensen: Yes. So as a reminder, Tal good to hear from you again, if you think of the business being, extremely diversified, whether that's geographically or by customer segments, one-third small, one-third mid, one-third large. We specifically called out in the script that we added over 6,000 new logos in the quarter. So obviously and that's probably a growth rate that's, easily into double digits. New logos take a while to really produce revenue for us, it tends to be, less than 10% of total revenue from the new logos. So it creates the opportunity to continue to sell into them. Kind of to Ken's comment a moment ago into your question here, do we see large enterprises in the U.S. still moving forward robustly with all their various digital transformation projects? I think that the, the word on the street is, that slowed down a little bit. And in that environment, I do think that incumbents sometimes have an advantage, but also a cost of performance argument and debate is something that you see customers perhaps more receptive to in the current macro environment
Keith Jensen: Well, Ken and I are smiling at each other. We've had this conversation that they're I think I've been here for nine years as of this week. One thing I've come to appreciate is that Ken behaves like a long-term investor, and with that in mind owning critical real estate assets tends to have a better payback than leasing them over an extended period of time. Whether that's in R&D facilities, whether that's in manufacturing or warehouse facilities, or that as you, as we move into that, into the SaaS market as well as other cloud offerings it's not just investments in SASE, if you will, but it's also investments in larger data centers in order to deliver various, cloud-based services and solutions. And I think you've heard us talk about that the last several earnings calls and the guys of, data centers having an impact on margins for services and CapEx spending. So I don't think there should be a surprise there, but I think it is a, an indication of our looking to expand into, more fully into some of these other markets.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I would say it's all the above. It's happening geographically. I think it's happening with customers that we took down earlier that are expanding with us, with additional firewalls and additional security or additional services as well. I think the market, if you will, financial services, if you step back and look at what's happening there, specifically the firewalls over the last several years, there's probably two legacy vendors there that when they're contracts are up for renewal and we've talked about this for a long period of time, now they're exposed. And it creates an opportunity to come in for a competitive displacement. And I think that some of the other comments or questions today is, is it more difficult in this environment for competitive placements? I mean, sure, you got to work a lot harder to make it happen. You got to make your value proposition more well known. But I think, again I think it's expansion. I think it's opportunity to displace incumbents and I don't think it's specific to any one particular geography.
