Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Trace. Good afternoon everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Fortinet. I am pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the second quarter of 2023. Speakers on today's call are, Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder Chairman and CEO and Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer. The live call that will be available for replay the webcast on the Investor Relations website.  Ken will begin our call today providing a high level perspective of our business. Keith will then review our financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2023 before providing guidance for the third quarter of 2023 and updating the full year. Will then open the call for questions. During the Q&A session, we ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow up question to allow others to participate.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on today's call, we will making forward-looking statement. And these forward looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected Please refer to our SEC filings in particular the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statement reflect the opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statement.  Also, our references to financial metrics that we make today on today's call are non-GAAP unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in the earnings press release and in the presentation that accompanies today's remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website.  Ken and Keith's prepared remarks for today's earnings call, will be posted on the quarterly earnings section of our Investor Relations website immediately following today's call.  Lastly, all references to growth there on a year-over-year basis unless noted otherwise. I will now turn the call over, Ken.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Keith. Operator -- just one quick reminder before doing the Q&A, if you can please limit yourself to one question and one follow up question. Operator, you can open the call. 
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Trace. I'd like to thank everyone for joining today's call. Fortinet will be attending investor conferences hosted by Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Oppenheimer, Rosenblat and Stifel during the third quarter. Fireside chat webcast links will be posted in the Events and Presentations section of Fortinet's Investor Relations website. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact me. Have a good rest of your day. Thank you.
Ken Xie: Thanks, Peter. Thank you Were we weren't for joining today's call to review our second quarter 2023 results. Total revenue in the second quarter increased 26%, driven by strong revenue growth service, which 30% for the second consecutive quarter, with 34% growth in existing subscription and scription and non-FortiGate product row over 45%, which is nearly $2 billion annual run rate, building growth of 18%, leads to more normalized product revenue growth of 18%.  We believe our building performance reflect large enterprise concern with the macro environment in addition to some uniquely indigestion after two years of elevated 30%-plus product building growth during the supply chain shortage.  According to IDC's latest quarterly security tracker, in addition to having the number one unit in firewall category for 10 consecutive year with over 50% market share, Fortinet is now the market share leader in both unit and revenue. Based on the latest Westland Advisory on Security and Cybersecurity report, Fortinet was named but only ITOT network protection platform leader. We are currently one of the top and the fastest growing OT security vendor in the market that Westland Advisor expect to grow to $33 billion by 2030.  Including our success line with our broad integrated platform, our proprietary ASIC security processor, and our ability to converge network and security both on prem and in the cloud across a single fully OS operating system, to leverage these advantages and drive future growth in addition to our leading network security solution, we have increased our go-to-market investment in universal setting as demand IoT security, cloud security and security operations. And we were dedicated more resource to support hybrid infrastructure and hybrid world.  Today we are announced new FortiGate 90G, our first next generation firewall after [Indiscernible] with the new security process of flat FortiASIC, that delivers industry-leading security function, performance, stability and power efficiency and cost effective price.  The FortiGate manages the fully integrated with our FortiGuard AI-power security service, and has secure computing reaching up to 16 times greater than average of our competitors similar price model are using over 90% less power than competing solution.  We also announced two new SD-WAN service under the performance monitoring service to simplify operation and enhance digital experience as well overlay service to facilitate rapid deployment, redundancy and a seamless interconnection of location with for FortiSASE using SBA technology. This new SD-WAN service showcase our commitment to expanding our service leverage our leading installation base for additional future growth.  We see our single vendor SASE solution opening a large new market, and one where our sizable SD-WAN installed base can be leveraged as a significant market access point. Together with newly announced SD-WAN service, we plan to accelerate our global point of presence pop deployment, with a dual strategy of investing in our own pops as well as working with service providers.  Fortinet recently announced results of our IT-dependent analysis by Forrester, of the cost saving and benefits of the current FortiGate next gen firewall and FortiGuard AI powered secure surveys within enterprise datacenter, which include more than 300% return on investment over three years, pay back in six months and 90% reduction in time spent on manual updates.  In addition, an independent analysis by Enterprise Strategic Group established that the customer who deployed Fortinet Security operation solution, such as FortiEDRand for the FortiNDR reduce their time to detect and respond to incidents from an average of three weeks to one hour.  This demonstrates the substantial impact that artificial intelligence machine learning and the integration of a Fortinet Secure op fabric product that have operations ability to secure today's rapidly expanding attack surface.  Finally, new developments in AI such as generative engine show a lot of promise to various applications of the security. We believe AI technologies can help us significantly improve productivity, and can be scaled to a large customer base in areas such as malware detection, thread hunting, event correlation and automation, as well as safety network design and troubleshooting.  Before turning the call over to Keith, I would like to thank our employees, customers, partners and suppliers worldwide for the continuous support and power. Keith. 
Ken Xie: Sure. I think for the carrier service provider, we do see they're probably a little bit behind on offer some surveys because the carrier service provider, if you look back 10-15 years ago, is our biggest market. It's like about 30% market share comes from the carrier service provider. But nowadays, security need additional service like some SASE, all these function -- function in the SASE, which service provider kind of behind, so we're still working with them and closely try to help them accelerate the service.  At the same time, we're also starting to invest a little bit more self, which also, like together with the new service we announced today, the two new SD-WAN service, we feel invest in certain infrastructure that will help in drive a lot of new service going forward in the security space, and also in helping service providers to kind of accelerate some of their security service beyond the traditional security service.
Ken Xie: We're also interested in some cloud provider also started getting in the security space, which also kind of confused some of the enterprise customer. So that's also sometimes they take a little more time to evaluate our different solutions. So we do believe this is a hybrid approach on-premise in the cloud that will be best for the customer, even the cloud probably much more expensive or cost an average about 3x to 5x more expensive compared to on-premise, but it's -- combined altogether probably will be the best solution for customers.
Ken Xie: Look back to like a -- certainly, yes, with the industry, network security still have a pretty good pace of growth, probably between 10% to 20% on average in the last like 30 years. And we feel we have a very unique, huge advantage solution, which we -- we only want to build our own ASIC. You can see the product we announced today, which has probably averaged about 10x better performance, more function compared to competitive solution and also much less energy consumption, probably like a 90% less energy consumption.  So that's where the new SP5 actually -- the first product announced actually is that we have a 14 application engine integrated the ASIC chip, probably more than double compared to the previous version. That's also helping drive the next few quarter growth, which each -- probably every quarter, we may plan to announce a new product, you can see 5. That's a huge advantage and then it also drives the long-term convergence of networking to network security, which can agreed by 2030, the network security will be larger than the traditional network in there. So that's what continue to network security side growth. On the other side, we also mentioned a few other areas. We see kind of the non-FortiGate part also growing pretty strong, so 45%. It's part of it because consolidation, part of because certain like security budget allocation to certain cloud spending can be allocated to some security. And the other part also, kind of like how to manage on different kind of vertical and also some inventory side. That's also we try to balance. We do believe things will be recovered in the later part of next year. And because -- the last two years, we see quite a strong product revenue growth, second quarter over 50%, which is not quite normal. But it's -- once we get more normal, so that will be pretty much return to the average in the last 20-30 years, which is about 10% to 20%.
Ken Xie: Also, we do see some strong growth in the new area like SD-WAN OT, which grew 40% and 60%, total come on 25% of billings. And also the 5G growth not quite start yet, so we all have the best product for all these new solutions. So that's the additional growth, right, as we're keeping developing.
Ken Xie: Also, you can refer to the finance presentation #10 page, which we go back to 13 years since we IPO-ed 13 years ago. So there's some kind of a growth, some kind of margin information.
Ken Xie: I don't know why Palo Alto is like at Friday afternoon, which is probably -- I'm not one want to answer the question. But on the industry, we do see some company, especially large companies, to be more tight on the budget, and also kind of take a little bit long time to closing. It's not just that this quarter, basically pretty much starting early this year, there is some sign of that one.  How long will last? It's tough to say, but it's -- nearly the security is basically an underspend, then they probably will be starting to go back up after probably a few quarters. On the other side, if you see when the big environment starting kind of tough or tight, they tend to be more hand on the current product, current solution and then buy more service, which we also try to help new customers net whatever they have on hand to offer more service, like the SD-WAN service we announced today. So, let's see, the service revenue starting kind of doing well, leverage or kind of the last few years. The product revenue growth, which we already be the #1 in the product revenue in the whole network security space, which is over 28% market share, and also unit shipment is over 52% market share. So I think we'll continue to keep leading in the space and with new technology solutions, like the FortiGate 90G we announced today. But it's -- for us, more focused on long term. So we do believe the long-term convergence of network to network security, we feel we have the best technology product to meet that challenge. And at the same time, the short-term environment, we tend to be also see as an opportunity to keep gaining market share.
Ken Xie: I think we do have the best solution at special level of the ASIC chip. So the product revenue still grew by 18% compared to, I think, checkpoints of minus 12%, I believe, and some other vendors is low single digit so we still feel we're keeping gaining market share. On the other side, we also see some consolidation, so it's leverage our installation base. We see some of the other products that are kind of helping sell. But on the other side, probably two other kind of maybe timing-related issue when you can see the last two years on the product revenue growth, if we go on Page 3 or Page 4? [Indiscernible] finance statement here. Because you see, the product revenue growth is probably like 40%, 50% in some quarter, but over 30% in the last two years.  So I do believe some kind of inventory is being held by certain customers or some other partner or kind of service provider channel. And we're also kind of changing the policy, service grace period policy early this year, I think, in March or April. Which instead of give some of the channel like one year, they can enable service, we tighten that up to like 90 days, which can help in reduce the -- some inventory level in certain partner there. At the same time, we do announce the ISP side early this year, and today is the first product available based on the new ASIC SP5 which probably like four times, five times better performance and more application being accelerated, and at the same time, the same cost. And it's kind of -- I do believe certain partners, certain customer may be also waiting for some of the new products leverages technology, so that maybe also has certain kind of impact.
Ken Xie: Yeah, the regional slowdown is more because of very strong growth when years ago, almost double, and now it's going to slow down. The carrier service provider is still not ramp up yet, so we do hope they will ramp up soon.
Ken Xie: We see together over 25%, pretty similar to last few quarters, but also growing pretty strong, 40% SD-WAN, 60% OT.
Ken Xie: I think it's a little bit different market. Somehow the service provider, the traditional telecom service provider or the service provider, we are a little bit behind in the last five to 10 years. So that gave the SASE provided opportunity to offer the service. But I do believe a lot of the telecom service provider, cloud provider, they have a huge advantage on infrastructure and the cost advantage to offer some additional security service, so which we're also working closely with them. And at the same time, we also invest some of our own kind infrastructure because also, a lot of our additional service beyond SASE like the SD-WAN, the other FortiGuard, [Indiscernible] and FortiCare service also need some of the infrastructure, which we're making more profit model, cost-efficient model. Compared to some other SASE providers, they have to whether lease or whatever, which tend to -- would like double, triple the cost compared to the similar service owning the infrastructure.  But it's the new service offered by the SASE provider. We do see mid sort of enterprise need, which we also started to invest more in this area.
Ken Xie: Yeah, some additional point of SASE is very -- especially a lot of companies starting return to work, return to office. So we do see a lot of like, call it, universal SASE, which is supporting both on-premise in the office and also work from home because if you back in office, forward all of office traffic to the part of SASE provided and the process, then back to the office not make much sense.  And at the same time, we see a lot of leverage or SD-WAN leadership there. We do see a lot of required the single vendor SASE. And also some bigger company also, they try to do the call the private SASE solution. So instead of process SASE traffic in the service provider part, they want to own process in their own kind of datacenter infrastructure, which also we do believe will be a big potential market going forward. 
Ken Xie: Yeah, we do see some release from exclusive network, which probably one of biggest picture also. We also want their biggest distributor, probably 30% business top on, but they're a little bit more ---
Ken Xie: Yeah. Also, even go back to the history also going forward, also pretty similar kind of a forecast, I believe.
Ken Xie: The CISO, we talk to this to have a certain shortage of people they can leverage to supporting the work for home or hybrid work environment, and so that's why they tend to a little bit more try to use in certain service kind of approach. On the other side, we do see the need to make sure that the new infrastructure, whether supporting back to office or supporting like we call it universal SASE versus the T&A [ph] environment, because there's like so many tech service starting kind of this impact and process new area like OT security. That's kind of -- but also certain security budget, they also because some companies, they commit certain cloud spending. Sometimes that is not commit spending for certain security, we also see some of that case. So that's what's happening.  So that's where we also kind of keeping ahead and helping the situation which is also -- most of the CISO fuel help supporting the operation is a pretty big to help -- help them to solve the issue there. And also leverage some kind of AI, some new technology and also kind of more broadly deployed network security inside the infrastructure. It's also supporting hybrid work environment. It's also quite a high priority for them.
Ken Xie: We're still hiring and -- but also, the high probably will be a little bit behind on the top-line growth. Make sure we're keeping the -- improving the productivity efficiency. But also, we probably will also try to enhance certain hygiene process, which we kind of not quite do in the last two-three years during the pandemic, which certain low performance. We probably need to be kind of more disciplined through -- to have certain performance review of kind of participant.
Ken Xie: Yeah. I kind of keeping refer to the Page 10. The last 13 years, the gross margin. So that's where we have the margin, and we've been GAAP profit of the three years since IPO. So if we need to invest in the growth, we definitely have the margin to do that. But on the other side, we also want to keep a healthy, healthy model and take care both on the growth and margin.
Ken Xie: Yeah, we kind of more leverage our huge installation base and also the technology, the product, which address the network security. Microsoft definitely have some good customer base in the enterprise side. But on the network security, which is addressed more beyond the sort of enterprise, definitely, we have some advantage there. And also we're not seeing Microsoft have any solution to address network security area. So we do believe there's an opportunity for both companies. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. I would probably add to Ken's comments, particularly as we talk about service providers and some of the other verticals and customer segments. And I think there are some lessons that we can see from, for example, manufacturing, which did extremely well in the quarter. They continue to have -- I feel they think they're under pressure in the threat environment, so you see them spending fairly richly. It's still a surprise,  If you look at the government sector which was strong also, they have governments in the -- they have budgets on the slowing economy that maybe some of the other industries don't. And at the other end of the spectrum, Ken talked about service provider, and people I think are aware of that story there more broadly. But also retail, I think retail is really a very clear indicator of a vertical that can be one of the first that is sometimes impacted by a slowing economy. But also, Ken made reference to this in his comments, this concept of digestion. A lot of purchasing around SD-WAN technologies and implementations.  A year ago, you saw very, very high growth a year ago. And now going through a digestion period, such as the point that it's actually negative growth in the retail vertical.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think that as we go through the second half of the year and we enter into our normal planning cycle for 2024, I think that will be a logical output at that point in time to think through what we're seeing in terms of our 2025 targets. 
Keith Jensen: I don't know, Ken, if you want to talk about longer-term trends in the industry and now avoid [ph] guides for 2024, if you do that.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. And as I kind of take that commentary and pull it forward a little bit and say, Q3 and Q4, and I suspect I'll get a fair amount of chance -- opportunities to talk about the guidance setting process for Q3 and Q4. I guess I would start off by saying we've certainly seen over the last two or three years in various environments we've been in. You got to be pretty nimble in terms of your assumptions and what you're looking for. And with that in mind, I think I called out in the comments, you see the level of deals that pushed in the second part of June. It was a new development. We always have linearity of the deals closed to see the deals push. And I think 1 comment I would offer is that as you look -- as I look to the Q3 guidance setting and the roll-up, the assumptions for Q3 were to close rates and terms and things of that nature and push. I would say, look a lot more like the assumptions that we saw in actual results for Q2 than maybe what we saw with some higher rates, better rates earlier on. So I think there's some caution built into that, if you will. I think also if you kind of look at the results, where the guidance ends up, you can look at top line growth in Q3 versus Q2 that I think is in the low-single digit growth sequentially. And that's pretty much in the range of where we've seen Q2 to Q3 historically, and we would expect that again.  And then maybe just a little more caution in the fourth quarter where -- and again, I made a comment earlier that the seasonality assumption that falls out of the guidance for the full year and is applied to the fourth quarter actually suggests a lower level of growth in the fourth quarter than we've seen in other periods. Offering a certain degree of caution, number one, but also acknowledging that Q4 last year was a very strong quarter and pretty tough compare.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I'd have to go back and look at the actual compares because the compares start easy and I don't want to mix up bookings and billings in this conversation because the timing is a little bit different. But I think that the growth in billings in Q4 and Q1 of -- Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year were very, very strong.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think Ken is giving you not the accounting answer on backlog numbers, but the CEO version that he's done worrying about it, and he knows the company can manage their way through it. From a numbers viewpoint, we still have some backlog that we -- that will pick up. Some low single-digit benefit in Q3. And then to Ken's point, we think that largely, as you get out of Q3, we'll have a -- we'll be back to very close to normal backlog numbers. 
Keith Jensen: Yeah. Brad, it was a great question and kind of follow on with Ken there. When I look at the win rates for, say, our top 3 competitors, right, they are in the firewall market, I'm not really seeing a change in the win rates, loss rates. They were quite consistent, maybe improved in one of the three cases that -- of the names that we know. I think that what -- what we don't know is how much is specific to us was that we had deals teed up for the last couple of weeks of the quarter that we're on a path to close and they did not close. So how -- the question comes is that something about the macro and the enterprises that are pushing out spending a little bit? Or is it some area that we need to reprove on in terms of how we go at our own internal inspection and forecasting and look at the detailed deals, right? We'll know more about that as time plays out.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think that what we look at -- go back our approach we've had for many years when we introduced a new product, and you heard about the 90G today. Our starting point is even though it has superior functionality capacity throughput, et cetera, is we generally price that along the lines of its predecessor. I think one thing that we're seeing as we move into the second half of this year, some opportunities to take, maybe some targeted pricing actions around use cases. For example, maybe if you get really far down the low end of the market where you're dealing with some low-cost franchisee models, maybe we would take some opportunities there to perhaps offer some incentives to our channel partners and such to participate in that market.  So I think the margins are obviously very, very strong on the product side, and we have that benefit there. So I do think it gives us the opportunity to make certain investments in the second half of this year, whether you want to call it price less or discounts or rebates or incentives to the channel partners.
Keith Jensen: Last quarter, I think cancellation maybe we said was high single digits? This quarter, we say it's low, low double digits, right? And as backlog continues to subside as Ken pointed out a moment ago, it's not really going to make that much of a difference whether that cancellation rate goes from low double digits to mid-teens or something, or even 20.
Keith Jensen: No, that's fine. I think there's been conversation over the last, say, three or four quarters about would duration slow down. And we commented that we had seen some slowdown in duration. Not 1 month a quarter, but it would kind of bounce around a little bit.  The point I'm making is when you're measuring year-over-year growth, we lost 1.5 points of duration, which works out to be about 4 or 5 points growth. So when you're making the comparison on a growth basis, it really is a factor there.  And then if you want to get in the SASE part of it, remember, that product is not impacted by duration, only services are, so you get a partial impact. I think if you're looking forward, as I made the point, as we look at Q3 and Q4, the duration assumption that, I would say, is in that pool of things that I looked at what we saw in Q2 in terms of actual results and how those -- some of those metrics and assumptions that go into the guidance setting process differed from what I've been saying for the prior few quarters and place a very heavy reliance on what I saw in Q2, whether that deal's a push or whether a term or a bucket of other things. So without going into specifics, I would probably answer that question that way.
Keith Jensen: I'm not quite sure -- are you looking for the distribution of salespeople hitting quota? Or -- I'm not sure I follow the question you're try to get at, Shaul.
Keith Jensen: Sorry, resellers I'm sorry. I don't know. You're answering the right question. [Indiscernible] distributors, yeah.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I don't think that -- of our business, if you will, shifted at all significantly. We look at our top three and our top six distributors, we're fairly concentrated in that regard. That mix doesn't really change all that much, maybe point or 2 in the quarter. That wasn't something that we saw that's just out there at us.
Keith Jensen: In terms of CISO spending, obviously, there's -- the things that were getting media attention out there now, I suspect that we sit down with a CISO that we talking about it. Whether that's SASE or something with some of the AI technologies, what have you.  But I don't think that CISOs and CIOs get away from having to take care of -- tending their knitting, if you will, with their infrastructure. There are obviously to be new use cases for firewalls. Opportunities, if you will. There's use cases still exists on-prem that need to be secured. There's new cases in the cloud, the Edge, et cetera. I think it's a very difficult career position to be at CISO right now with the budgets and threats that are after them. As it relates to 2024, I think whenever -- pardon me, 2024, we'll go through our planning cycle more religiously as we do the second half of the year. I think the point that Ken and I were making is really, as we move back to a more normal buying pattern after we move through the supply chain in the pandemic and so forth, that's what the industry has been historically and we would have every expectation that we'd be able to get back in that sweet spot, if you will.  And I would also note that as the -- it's not a static comparison. And by that, I mean the compares get easier in every quarter as you go through 2024.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I would use that to kind of come back to, I think, Shaul's question and make a couple of points. I think that as Ken kind of pointed out, we've had a lot of salespeople. We certainly have sales capacity to deliver on the numbers. At the same time, I think we've been very faithful to -- when we talk about 25% operating margin, and you see us continually coming in above that. So we have the opportunity there to invest more. And on that note, I think that the conversations with the channel partners, the distributors that we're having, I think they're much more informative, detailed at the right levels now than they were two years ago. There's a lot more cooperation information sharing with the distributors.  And I think a byproduct of that is I think there's some opportunities for us maybe to invest in our channel partners in a variety of different ways as we go through this next 12 to -- probably six to 12 months.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think that we have a competitive advantage when you look at Europe and parts of the international emerging, where we are oftentimes viewed as being the incumbent to have number one market share. So in an environment in which maybe the IT budgets start to suffer more in Europe than they do in the U.S., which is not what we're seeing currently, right? Currently, we're seeing the IT budgets are lower in the U.S. than they are in Europe based on some recent surveys.  I think we're better prepared to work our way through that in Europe because of our dominant position in that market.
