Andrew H. Del Matto: Not a lot, I mean I can't think of any off top of my head, maybe one. Yeah, it's not skewed like that. It's – the customers tend to buy over time I think, and so more characterized instead of frontloading purchases.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure Gregg. It's true. Look, we're very focused on our growth, I mean that's our strategy right now to invest in growth. As we said, we'd be opportunistic on buyback. Obviously, it's hard to define that, but if you look at history, I think our average price of the – look roughly 79 million shares we brought back under the current program was – I think the average price was like $20.50. But right now, I would say, again, we'll obviously remain opportunistic, hard to define what that is, but we're clearly more focused on growth and buyback.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure, look as you said, I'll stick to the two times or better. But I think on the puts and takes side, it's really about forecast and timing, and timing if deals were to come forward or slip, I think that's what really drives it one way or the other. But I mean I'm kind of – we're comfortable with where we are and that's certainly not to imply that anything pulled into the quarter or anything like that, I wouldn't want you to take that away from that. It's not the case at all. But I think I like – I mean 2.2 times feels like a very comfortable number for us, but again, I would guide to two or better just – you can't – it's just hard to be that precise on forecasting inventory needs.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. I think you're right. Yeah. That's a good answer. I was thinking of the growth in billings, and basically, modeling changes in working capital. I guess maybe I perhaps misinterpreted the question, but that's how I was thinking about it. The top-line growth being, I thought I heard him say top-line, maybe I'm mistaken, but that's how I heard it, and I met more on the billing side, so kind of following the billings forecast, it grows billings. I mean that's the point right now, where cash flow outpaces the P&L, and you see margin compression simply because you defer so much.
Andrew H. Del Matto: I see your point. I think that's right on Sterling, yeah, that's right on, but my apologies if I didn't answer that correctly.
Andrew H. Del Matto: No, look, just as I always remind people an easy way to kind of see the duration is just look at the percent of long term deferred as a percent of overall deferred. It's been ranging I think roughly about the same 32%, 33%. It hasn't changed in a while. So it's pretty consistent duration. And in terms of renewals, no, it's not an abnormal quarter at all one way or the other. We don't allow people to pull in renewals, for instance. We wouldn't pay on it.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah, a little bit of that, but I think just good execution all around, people definitely having a nice take on the bundles. It does – I think clearly enterprise customers are clearly buying the bundles and we're doing a lot of enterprise deals.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, first of all, they've been through a quite a bit of disruption over the last year. I think they've had multiple restructurings and they were still losing money. Again, we're trying to pull it in to fit our model. We're being very selective strategically in terms of our strategy, which is to basically drive a secure WiFi offering, and then, basically, cross-sell our products FortiGate and FortiGuard and FortiCare products ultimately into their installed base. So yeah, we're rationalizing what's there. We've – not everybody came over. We're clearly making sure that we take a step back and ensure as just in good hygiene as we do, where every quarter we're looking at what makes sense for us and what doesn't make sense and we're really – as I've said, it's an integrated business. We're really stepping back and looking at the whole, what does it take to be successful in the future versus going out and trying to cherry pick of things here and there. That's the right way to do an integration, make sure you don't throw the baby out with the bathwater so to speak and make sure that you get the value out of the case you're looking for, which is an enriched integrated wireless solution.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah, we're not accounting on a lot of that at all. I think look, they're going through the opening balance sheet stuff right now, the accountants and they just don't figure that out, but obviously, as you said gets haircut.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah, Michael and there's just a good standard distribution across the deal size, so it's not – we answered the earlier question, there's not like a large deal or two driving the growth at all, that's not the case. I mean think of it, we added 9,000 customers, I think in the quarter. And it's very consistent, it's a very run rate – it seems to be very run rate oriented business. And we seem to pick up steam as the sales reps come up to productivity and they've just quite honestly continued to overperform.
Andrew H. Del Matto: There is some in OpEx too. Basically, the non-run rate portion is the pro forma piece of the non-GAAPing.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. It's the non-recurring piece you're doing you basically have an investment and some consultants and that goes away when the project goes away.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Hard to predict, but I would just, I think it's probably fair to hold the percentage, G&A percentage where it is.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, look, again, we're focused on growth, that's our strategy. We could use some of it, obviously, for M&A, if that makes sense, Walter, but again, we're fundamentally focused on our growth.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, look, as we said, I mean I think the self adjusting side of expenses, obviously, are the COGS side and also commission self-adjust with the number a little bit. We continue to invest and we're sticking to get the 14%.
Andrew H. Del Matto: There's global coordination on the verticals though is the good way to think about it. They're regionally based teams, but they worked on stuffs like global accounts. I think as you get down the lift in terms of size, in any of those verticals, that's where you would have more of the regional orientation.
Andrew H. Del Matto: I would just add that it's probably a slightly different sales interaction and marketing interaction, even sales engineer interaction in the midmarket versus the top end where you're doing a lot of testing. I think reputation in the mid-market is going to matter more in the mid-market. And so, we want to make sure that we're developing. We're ceding that reputation and we're growing that and then making sure we're communicating with people in the right way in that market. It tends to be more like that some of the – I would say probably higher level of social marketing, if you will, then perhaps at the top end.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Let me boil that down. I think, look the – a small tailwind in Q2 for that action, I think if you're talking about going forward, I think your question was on the installed base, I think you're basically asking, what do they renew at? They do get the increase – your ability to get that though is somewhat challenge. A lot of people lock that piece of the budget in. So it really takes a while to cycle through that. You're doing it more on new customers than renew even though that's what the quote will say where that ends up maybe a slightly different place, so quite frankly. And so that's a little bit of why you kind of end up with a minimal impact near term. But it's good to think about longer term, and then, yeah, I think to the extent that if we have 235,000 customers, they don't all have bundles, that's something we clearly look at as a growth factor going forward in a way to ensure that we're – when we see a renewal or we see a customer, we open that door to sell them something else.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, obviously, software has a higher margin. So you know it's not a material part of our business there, Melissa, that's the problem. And again, I – to remind everybody, we've kind of guided for the year, so the 14% is the right number, but theoretically, you're correct. The problem is just not a major part of the top-line, yes.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure. I think the OPM breach highlights a bit of the opportunity. I think we hired a vertical team there, a smaller investment than in the healthcare and financial services, because we already had a government team or fed team, but we augmented that with the new leader back in – I think October-November of last year, and that team is doing better. We've given guidance for Q3, obviously, and obviously, September being the year-end, that's reflected in there, but we do feel like we're getting more looks anyway from the government. We asked this question as a team, obviously, it's an obvious question, and they felt that they were getting a better presence and better attention in the government than they had in the past, and clearly, OPM piece being a part of it and I think part of the comment they made was that there's a lot of the longer-term legacy providers installed there, and they seem to be at risk or more risk than they've been. And there was a high resistance to change in the past, but clearly, the breach and I think that is why the breach matters, I think it stimulates some rethinking of the architectures.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Look, thanks everybody for your attention and again your support. We really appreciate it and look forward to talking to all of you soon. Thank you.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yes. We are actively recruiting, interviewing the CMO candidate. We also will keep investing in the marketing and we're hiring in all the level. Actually, you can see the investment we had in the last few quarter in the marketing is actually starting to pay off. So it's a lot of lead gen, lot of event going on right now.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Sterling, this is Ken. We may have a little bit different business model than some of our competitors, the most server has slowed down (05:03) the standard server PC, because we, customer build, I think the FortiGate is the biggest – the super majority of (05:14) we have. So FortiGate is the moderate even some other appliances (05:17) we have the customer build with our own ASIC, so we did on a chip level or the system level and through the software application level there. So that's where we – all inventory need to be – because the lead time is longer and because there's no like readymade system for us. So we have to build up from the chip to the system to customize so far the solution we have. So that we need to keep in some large inventory. And also the inventory costs were low is whether the interest whatever, so that's where we compare to. So we have some model compared to the opportunity loss, we've short of inventory also compared to some inventory costs, so we feel true enterprise is a healthy multiple there, so that's why we're keeping that as the model we have.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Also the supporting revenue is wire's small percentage. I think it's probably 10% to 20%, it's because they only have this like supporting for the deployment and whatever (10:40) they don't have any subscription like we have on the FortiGate.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think the network processor is more starting from the high-end and then the ASIC more starting from the low-end, but the content processor pretty much apply to all the – from high to the low to mid range, as more follow what's the next whatever the FortiGate pipeline was going to come out. So we just replaced the CP8 with CP9, that's improving like the performance like few hundred percent on the content, on the scan on SSL. That's probably the CP9 tend to be is a core processor next to the CPU as compared to the MPEs (11:57) more accelerated interface level.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: It's not huge deal. It's really, I think, the overall performance of enterprise sector there, so this is really like we did last quarter sort of like 70%, this quarter and 90%. I think the team is starting to get on board and they're more mature. At the same time, we're keeping investing in the marketing and some other what will helping. Also, I see the Internal Segmentation that's other – that also write-down (13:06) to become the sweet spot for the enterprise, because a lot of enterprise also see the need for the Internal Segmentation. So Internal Segmentation, that's probably the one – is the new, but as we don't have much data, I don't see any other data from analysts yet, but we feel the big enterprise really badly need this kind of solution to secure internally.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: China is very small, probably less than couple percent is – so that's where – and also in the other part of APAC, we feel we need to hurry investing in growth quickly. So that's like us a little bit behind. That's where we need to keep investing in the growth in APAC. But China is a very small part of it. I don't think that there would be any material impact to us.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. The software-only or some other, they called the sandbox or detection, that's in the TAP mode, it's not a inline device. So they can detect that's what so far internally they do deploy a lot of detection device, our detection software on the server, but as the firewall is the only device, inline can take action and do the prevention. So that's where a lot of like bridge or whatever the company, they do have the detection like a Sony, like all they do deploy some latest software to do the detection, but there's too many like (21:36) anything about it. The key is really have the inline device take the actions to prevent the attack and also deploy internally like security department, like whether the finance or engineer or sales whatever. So it's internal segment, even department, also protect the server that's relatively new, and it's the inline device. It's not just the detection tapping device, which don't need to be inline. So that's different than before. The inline devices have to match and keep up the internal network speed. You cannot slow down the internal traffic and also has to be reliable enough and that don't bring down the network. So that's different than the traditional detection and also different than the perimeter security, which is connected with Internet. The Internet traffic is much, much slower, like we say, it's a 10x to 100x slower than the internal network speed. So that's the challenge, need to be very fast, need to be inline and also need to be very low latency, while it's better for the server.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Still the cost, I have to say, today, if you look at whether per 10-gig or per gig, the firewall cost is 50 times to 100 times higher than the switch. So it's really – some company, they may have more budget, they start and deploy more Internal Segmentation, but it's more dependent on the budget and also dependent on how they want to manage it together. I'd say, if they have more budget, they probably definitely will – some bigger enterprise, we're starting to see – starting like implement and also some time, made mandatory to the Internal Segmentation, but is – some other enterprise not there yet. It's a more budget sense, but this is new. It's really the (23:42) new, we don't see it before to deploy internally and we're high-speed inline device.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: He will more focus on enterprise and especially the media enterprise all this together and that's the area he knows the best.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yes, you're right. Yeah, we need to keep adding sales capacity and same time keeping improved model and also keep improving the marketing and the (24:36) pipeline. And also, it's growing from like today $1 billion to like a multi-billion dollar. That we also need to keep improving a lot of – on the process, on the system, on the team level.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Probably what depend – in some country like some big country in Europe, we may starting to do some verticalization and divide by the vertical. It really depends on which model is more efficient. Some smaller country or region, they probably based on the regional as the model like we did early maybe better, but some larger, we may starting dividing the vertical. It's difficult to say which one we were...
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. I agree, but like Joe said, we're starting to have some global accounts that will be more managed by like...
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's all of that you mentioned and also we are hiring at all level and including the CMO, actually we're recruiting them even right now is we feel that the marketing will be very important for the media enterprise, and we keep investing in this year, that's where we're way behind with some more competitor.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, (27:58) play more important role in that enterprise market there. At the same time, we also see, I think like I mentioned, a couple of weeks ago, we announced a couple of new products in the mid range. There is a few more to come out in the next few months. That's all help enhance the mid-market growth.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, these are probably the latest version that's where some of the middle ranges not quite using the latest MP6 yet, so we are going to use MP6 more in the middle range and come up with some new product there. So that's what accelerate the performance and also are helping position even stronger in the mid enterprise.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. It's probably more kind of fixed some of the things we have before. If you look and in the – like UTM bundle, we offer full service, like from anti-malware and the intrusion, including app control and also anti-spam and the web filter, each is about 20%. And then also, we added like by file (29:54) supporting us 15%. So if you look on the previous UTM bundle, you have four services, each about 20% and then you add 15% on the supporting, that's we're only selling for like 45% that's way low. So we turn it to 55%. It's more fixed and in some sense we not quite bundle the right before, but like I said, is a – we're more focused on offer improving the services, so that's what ATP and also the new mobile security we feel eventually will help customer add additional value, so instead of try to changing some of the pricing in the past.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: No, we are not planning any price increases and none is planned. We feel the current price is reasonable. What we're going to offer is additional service, additional subscription service like a mobile security service. So customer, whatever they have the current bundle price, they still can buy it. We're not increasing and just additional new service that's also could be a different bundle. Whatever the bundle have today, we're keeping there and also the same price.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Some of that, but I feel the internal more try to stop the intrusion of malware as there's not quite access – access a lot of times still goes with the perimeter of firewall, but the internal is really where high-speed is how to prevent some of the malware, some of the – it's more likely some of data leakage prevention kind of things. It's not quite in the – the management then is very important, so we have good partner with some other vendor. They do a lot of data analysis as in a management, so that's where we're working more closely with them, but is not quite in the authentication or access control yet.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, that's probably – we like kind of have tried to pull in some inventory ahead of the time, that's causing the Q1 inventory a little bit higher. But over the year, the issue has come down now, as I think it's starting kind of very normal now.
