Peter Salkowski: Hey viewers, good afternoon, everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Fortinet. I'm pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the fourth quarter of 2023. Joining me on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer and John Whittle, our Chief Operating Officer. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor options website. Ken will begin our call today by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will then review our financial and operating results for the full year and the fourth quarter of 2023 before providing guidance for the first quarter of 2024 and the full year. We'll then open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today's call are non-GAAP unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in our earnings press release and in the presentation that accompanies today's remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website. The prepared remarks for today’s earnings call will be posted on the quarterly earnings section of our Investor Relations website immediately following the call. Lastly, I'll reference to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless noted otherwise. I will now turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you. As a reminder, during the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question to allow others to participate. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Liz. I'd like to thank everyone for joining today's call. Fortinet will be attending an investor conference hosted by Morgan Stanley during the first quarter. The fireside chat website link will be posted on the Events and Presentations section of the Fortinet Investor website starting soon. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Ken Xie: Thank you, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining our call. In Q4, total billing grow 8.5% to $1.9 billion, driven by increased focus on Secure Op, SASE, and improved execution for our sales team. We closed six eight-figure deals across five industry verticals. All six of these transactions, including all three of our SASE, Secure Ops, and secure networking solutions [Indiscernible] our value of an integrated platform and that span across on-premise and cloud, as well as our FortiASIC technology advantages. Putting a total addressable market across secure op, SASE, and secure networking, expect an increase from $150 billion in 2024 to $208 billion by 2027. Our customer base consists of 76% of Fortune 100, including nine of the top 10 technology companies, nine of the top 10 manufacturers, and nine of the top 10 healthcare. Our Secure Ops billing grow 44%, accounted for 11% of total billing, with strong performance from several solutions, including EDR, SIEM, email security, and NDR, to automatically detect, investigate, and respond to threats. Unified SASE billing grow 19%, accounted for 21% of total billing. We believe Fortinet is the only company with a Unified SASE solution, all integrated into a single FortiOS, that including a full networking and security stack, consisting of a market-leading SD-WAN, ZTNA, secure web gateway, CASB, and firewall as a service, designed for on-premise and cloud. Our FortiSASE solution is gaining momentum quickly, as we closed our first eight-figure SASE deal for 350,000 seats. In Q4, we added 40 new features to our SASE solution, including support for over 150 PoP location worldwide, and the ability to protect thin edge device. We see a huge opportunity to attach FortiSASE to our tens of thousands SD-WAN customers. Secure networking accounts for 60% of billing, and represent our largest addressable market. Gartner expects the secure networking market to overtake the traditional networking market by 2030. Fortinet is the number one network security vendor, with over half the global firewall deployment. In addition to physical firewall, we offer virtual, cloud native, and firewall as a service solution, all based on our FortiOS operation system, consolidate over 30 networking and security functions together. Converged security and networking require more specialized computing power than traditional networking. Our FortiASIC power, FortiGate, delivers 3x to 10x more performance as indicated by secure computing region with every new FortiGate product release. The latest FortiASIC SP5, based on FortiGate 70G, with dual 5G in ruggedized format, secure device within operation technology environment. It is off a great start as a Fortune 50 company signed a eight figure operation technology deal, feature this new FortiGate in the fourth quarter. Also included with our FortiOS operation system is a Forti featured access point controller. Recently, we announced a new secure access point product, making us the first vendor to announce a business grade Wi-Fi 7 product. Fortinet has consistently been an innovative cybersecurity company, and this earning call won't be complete without a few words about our AI. We have invested heavily in AI across every function and product. For over a decade, Fortinet has used machine learning and AI to provide advanced threat intelligence across more than 40 products from network, endpoint, and application security. Our solution applies AI and machine learning across expanded digital tech service automatically, containing and remediating incident within seconds, where the industry average for detection and remediation takes several days. We have also been applying Gen AI technology across our entire product line, allowing customers to optimize the security effectiveness and operation efficiency. FortiAI is already available on FortiSIEM and FortiSOAR and more product will be adding this function in the coming months. Before turning the call over to Keith, I would like to thank our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers worldwide for their continuous support and hard work.
Ken Xie: Long-term, definitely we see that gen AI will increase the traffic a lot and also automate a lot of security operations. We also see the refresh of the firewall cycle. We do provide some kind of a [Indiscernible] data there. But we also see a lot of new opportunity. We now come at the refresh. Like we mentioned in the script, some of the OT technology area and even supporting some work from home and also some other enterprise internal segmentation replacing the traditional switch with a network security firewall that we call the convergence, also starting to get more and more adopted by the big enterprise. So that's also the new market compared to refreshed traditional firewall. But I agree with you, the next phase connection, the traffic will keep increasing, especially more devices will be connected online and also more people will work remotely. And at the same time, the AI also kind of generates quite a lot of additional data, which also kind of need to be secured. So we see a pretty good potential for the long-term growth.
Ken Xie: I think you probably can recall in the last earnings call, we started more focus on SASE SecureOps and started tracking that separately. And also, we also mentioned 90% of our field sales force also being trained certified for SASE SecureOps. And also, all the six eight-figure deals, including all the three, secure networking, SASE and the SecureOps. So, we do see it grow faster, especially during the current kind of environment of refresh cycle. We do see the SASE, which is more consumption model, and also SecureOps, which can lower the operation cost probably faster than the traditional secure networking area. So that's where we kind of redirect some focus, resource, more focus on these two areas. We see a pretty huge success, grow both the pipeline and also even the deal. We closed some of the first eight figure SASE deal, which also makes us feel pretty excited. I think we have some advantage, actually, leverage the SD-WAN huge deployment we have, all the firewalls, huge deployment, and also the single OS-based SASE solution, which integrates all the SD-WAN, all the SASE functions into a single FortiOS, which is a huge advantage for whether the customer themself or even for some service provider, offer the SASE service to their customer base. So it's a pretty strong growth. We see it's a pretty good move we have.
Ken Xie: Also, we kind of own probably a high percentage of some infrastructure, some real estate, and some of our competitors. That actually gave us much lower cost, operation cost going forward, which also will help drive the future growth, especially on a service like a SASE. And that also gives us a better margin long-term.
Ken Xie: S&B is pretty interesting. We do quite well in the SMB market, even for the traditional firewall, bigger than any other competitors. But also SMB has a pretty low percentage of a customer actually using any network security because of whether the management costs or some other people cost, all these kinds of things. So that's where SASE applied there, definitely helping some SMB customers. But also we see kind of the long-term combined both where to work from home, we're pretty strong like a couple years ago in the retail branch office solution there, also helping us kind of like doing well in SMB. And also the new product refresh, which leveraged SP5, we're only half the way, probably towards the second half of this year, we have more product come in using the new SP5. That's also keeping a hands-up position there. It's kind of like I said, it's a SASE more kind of consumption model. In a current environment, probably it would be more attractive compared to a CapEx model. So that's where we see both SMB enterprise, they do have some more interest to do this kind of OpEx model. Maybe John Whittle.
Ken Xie: Yes, for the three segments, I don't have the latest market data, but from Q3, the firewall market is kind of flat here. Q4, we probably will read out company reporting. But we do see probably still under some pressure this year, especially the first half of this year. But I do believe the long-term converging story will hold quite well because the company also needs to manage the kind of application level, which is how to use network security to do that. So that's where long-term we do see the firewall market or the network security market will continue to grow, I feel, probably around 10% year-over-year in the next maybe three to five years. SASE and SecOps come from maybe smaller base, which also grow faster. And we also have a lot of existing customers. I want to adopt all this together with us. They probably already are firewall customers, D1 customers. They can easily adopt additional solutions, additional products. So that's where we see the other two sectors grow faster than the company average and probably continue to grow faster in the next few quarters.
Ken Xie: Thank you, John. And John also helped us form the company culture in the very beginning, which is the teamwork and also openness and also innovation. So we'll continue to maintain this culture and keep growing the company together.
Ken Xie: Yes, a very good question about SASE. Definitely we want to do both, even more than that. So we definitely see the opportunity changing our go-to-market strategy because a few months ago, we were more dependent on the service provider carrier trying to do a SASE. I helped them do a SASE. Now it's more go-to-market, direct ourselves, and at the same time working with our service provider, but also more important, really, internal R&D, internal investment in the infrastructure. Like we mentioned, now we have over 150 pub worldwide, probably can match any other competitor, and same kind of function, the innovation, and also put all the SASE in a single OS, and then a lot of functions that are using ASIC will accelerate, and that also make our SASE solution much better, more advantaged compared to other competitors, and also more easy to deploy, more easy to manage. So we see that's a huge opportunity for SASE. It's not just SASE using the traditional cloud approach, but also on-premise SASE, the private SASE. So we see a lot of opportunity for SASE going forward, both on the technology, which we also work at, our innovation, developing technology, and at the same time, the go-to-market strategy, once we focus, we see huge success behind.
Ken Xie: Yes, we kind of keep improving the sales comp plan and also trying to line up what the company goal and what's the field sales and also how we can move kind of a tie together and success together so that there's some modification of the comp plan which move towards the company long-term both on the growth and the margin and also reflect more on some kind of a service based kind of model there behind. So that and also kind of keeping investing in the sales force and also kind of making the structure more efficient that's other area and also training the sales and make sure because there's a lot of new area whether the SASE and SecOps do need a lot of training that's also the big enhancement we are kind of going through right now.
Ken Xie: And maybe for all three sales and also sometimes even for a partner, if they sell all 3 solutions, secure networking, SASE and SecOps, they get more comp compared to only sell 1 or 2 solutions. So that's the additional incentive we offer to the field.
Ken Xie: Yes. For SASE, we are the only company, we believe, has all the SASE function, SD-WAN, all the CASB, web service, all in a single operating system can be deployed on our premise [ph] using ASIC [indiscernible] or in a cloud form there. So that's a huge advantage, both for the customer, for the service provider. I think on the SecureOps side, we also most the product we internally develop whether from endpoint or from all these different like e-mail application, web, all this is because when we internally develop it integrate, automate much better than other competitor, more comp acquisition, which is a separate product that's more difficult to integrate, automate together. So that's the two huge advantage we have. We usually call the SecureOps more like a fabric approach. I've been doing that for 10 years, which is pretty successful, but now we have the same time which customer wants to hear is the SecureOp, which they see the huge advantage that drives a huge growth going forward and also the field training and also kind of help a lot. So that's the advantage we have, whether the SASE single OS approach can use as AC [ph] to accelerate and then the secure app is integrated automate together much better than other competitors gave us huge advantage.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think kind of going backwards in terms of the very large deals that we talked about, I think experience has showed us in the second half or the middle part of last year that we're well served not to get too far ahead of ourselves in terms of forecasting those deals. And it's difficult to understand when they're actually going to close and what the specific terms are going to be with those. So I think we kind of set those aside, and you saw that in some of the performance in the fourth quarter. In terms of margins, I think that sometimes the business model is easier than people think it is when it comes to margin because services provide so much of the business. If the business model is two-thirds services and it's throwing out a very rich margin, even in a period of time where you're going through the firewall refresh cycle, you're still seeing your margins hold up fairly nicely. I think there's also significant economies of scale involved in the services line, whether it's the support or the security subscriptions. And then the last thing I would offer is that I think the breadth of both the SecOps Solutions and the SASE Solutions together are serving to spread some of the incremental costs for the hosting solutions and bringing those to market.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Brian, I would kind of follow that up with some of the results, if you will, of what Ken just talked about. And to your point, I think you're kind of asking us, if you focus more on the SSE element of SASE and less on SD-WAN, what does that mean. I think that we have a pretty interesting horse race developing internally, if you look at what you would probably think of as the SSE component and the SecOps business, both growing in the 40% range. SecOps won the quarter. We'll see how SASE does, but they're very, very close at this point in time in terms of growth. And then I think the other metric we gave, we talked about the pipeline growth, and that 150% would really be around what you would think of as the SSE component.
Keith Jensen: You want to take CapEx or deals? Hi, Tal. How are you? Thanks for calling in. On CapEx, I think we'll continue to build out both things that we need for our engineering team as we look forward, and best places to work and labs and so forth. So I think you're seeing an element of that. But also our ability to continue to deliver the wide range of hosted solutions. I think those are the things that are driving CapEx. And as we said before, we know that there's a bias here of making real estate investment decisions with a high as a long-term investor, and with that the ROI over a longer period of time has always been very enticing to us. And I think your second question on the spike that we saw in performance that we're very pleased with in the fourth quarter, and then what does that translate to in the first quarter, a couple of things. One is, as we talked about during the call that the comps in the first quarter of 2024 are probably among the most challenging on the billings line and the product revenue line that we think we're going to see. And then I think also the reentry one doing six eight-figure deals in the fourth quarter and being a record, obviously put a lot of tailwind into that fourth quarter number. We like eight-figure deals, but I don't know that we're really in the business of forecasting them each and every quarter as we go forward.
Keith Jensen: Well, obviously, there's a lot of levers that come into free cash flow. I think that where we look at in terms of where the street was for free cash flow in 2024 for the full year, I think that's in the ballpark at this early stage. We don't really guide to free cash flow, as you know. But I think the puts and takes, one is CapEx, which is not all that far away from what we saw in 2023. But then you have the operating profits, the buildings throughout, etcetera. You know all the components that go into it.
Keith Jensen: And maybe I'll answer that in the context of average contract term or duration, because I know there's a lot of concern or questions have been raised about, will that shorten the contract term? And you heard the data that we gave during the call. These two segments, we have a business that basically runs on average contract terms. We call it two years, two and a quarter, if you will. A SASE and SecOps business mix would probably be billing one year in advance when you look at the competitors and so forth. So that kind of gives you the range. It's going to take a while for SASE and SecOps to really impact that contract term or duration. And I think the read-through to that in terms of, we're excited about the opportunity with SASE and SecOps. If we have outsized growth there, we'll be very pleased with it. But I don't know that we're hanging our head on something completely out of the realm of reality, if you will, for 2024 for SASE or SecOps.
Keith Jensen: And then quickly, Brad, on the other – I mean, yes, obviously, the view of the firewall cycles has some part of it. But I think probably more of the point is the digestion of products and projects. And if you look back at where the peak was of firewall purchasing and you kind of play that out, you should be coming to a logical end of deployment cycles.
Keith Jensen: And just on the guidance, Keith, appreciate the thought after kind of a tough middle of the year last year for us, or for me. I think keep in mind that we do probably have between $150 million and $200 million of headwind related to backlog, or year-over-year comparisons, if you want a backlog impact in the year. I think also in some of the commentary that we provided right before guidance, where we talked about the relative impact, specifically the product revenue, and what you should see from service revenue for the year. You can kind of get a sense of what we're thinking about for product revenue. I think I do see that some opportunities on the service revenue line with things that come from SecOps and SASE in the year, but I think all-in-all, I think where we're at right now, in terms of the full year guidance number, is an appropriate number for us.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I'd probably add to that as well just a couple of things on the comp plan conversation. This is the time of year where comp plans go out and I think every company seems to make some changes. I think the real thing that jumps out at me this year is that I think after the 2023 results the quotas are probably a little bit lower on an individual basis than they have been in the past, and we probably put some things to work in the other direction on it. But to Ken's point, we really want to make sure that we're investing in building on the sales team and making the adjustments in the quota for 2024, I think is appropriate. On the SMB and SASE, probably -- the SASE and SecOps conversation. And I think it goes back to some of Gabriela's question before, at this stage, they're really shaping up in terms of having different customer mixes. The SMB portion of SASE was about 55% of the business. And we're not surprised to see us having very, very early success there. We're pleased with the development and the feedback we're getting from third parties about the success of the SASE product. But that, together with our SD-WAN customers is the logical place to see success. On the flip side, SecOps is almost the opposite, but large enterprises providing about 55% of the business. And I think the read through to that is all about consolidation. Where you're really going to have successes and it ties into the mix of repeat customers, i.e., firewall customers are now buying the SecOp product being very, very high. And that's what we would expect both of those business segments.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Given as John pointed out, we have over 500,000 customers. So I'm okay with an installed base, right? And I don't think that's anything new for several years. We've talked about new logos representing large numbers, hundreds -- thousands of new logos, but they've never really been more than 10% of the business. So I don't think that this is really going to change with that. I expect that -- the firewall is such a compelling product because the price of performance advantage because of how more and more security have embedded into the operating system and the ASIC empowers that, that I'm not a salesperson if I was, I'm probably looking for those opportunities in the white space accounts. And then you want them like any other enterprise company to come back and sell more into that company. And that's really what you're seeing with the SecOps and SASE products that Ken and John have been talking about.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think OTE and numbers targets are very much the same. I think on sales productivity in terms of what we saw in 2023, as we move through the year, obviously, productivity kind of came down. It seems to have leveled off now as we exit 2023. And I think that the modeling, if you will, is pretty much a similar expectation for 2024 in terms of where we exited 2023. On the -- there's a part of that I think in terms of what SASE and SecOps dramatically changed those numbers. I kind of go back to the earlier conversation about contract term share at some level if the mix shifts and becomes 50-50 or 60-40 to get the direction, then we probably have something to talk about, although I'd probably be talking a lot more about the fantastic growth in the SecOps and SASE than the fact that they had to pay salespeople to make that growth happen.
John Whittle: I would just say that the success we had in enterprise, this is John Whittle, by the way, with the number of eight-figure deals and having over a half million customers out there, really bodes well both in enterprise and in the SMB market because we've got so many customers out there that are testing our product and so many customers that are providing feedback along the way to improve our products that it's a real testament to the products and gives both enterprises and the SMB comfort in buying our products going forward. And you can kind of put yourself into a customer's shoes and say, okay, some of the most discerning customers are spending eight figures on these products and services, and we have strength in SMB and upmarket. I think that bodes really well for kind of the smaller segments of the market and the larger segments of the market going forward. I think that's a real headline from this quarter in terms of the real success we had with some of the most discerning customers out there.
John Whittle: Yes, and I think for SecOps, what we're seeing is the threat landscape out there is driving a lot of the customer behavior as well. You see these ransomware attacks that are really debilitating to customers. And so prevention is important, but time to detection and time to remediation is critical. And it's real money. And these are really important issues for our customers. And also I would note, we've really been building this solution over many, many years. But we really just started to focus on it as a separate pillar three months ago. And then we had a record Q4. And so I think that degree of focus internally coupled with how we can actually help our customers, putting our customers first, really is driving a lot of the success there. And that new focus, we're pretty much sticking to the plan. The plan's working. We're sticking to the plan. And so we see a lot of opportunity there.
John Whittle: Thanks for the question. I'm really excited about the role. I've been working here for 17 years through a lot of growth, and my focus over those 17 years has really been learning from Ken and Michael and the team. And it's like an MBA on steroids. They're brilliant business people in addition to focusing on the innovation and the technology, which I think is a core differentiator for Fortinet. We are an innovation-first company. And I think our culture is really around what I call almost a straightforward baritocracy. And Ken and Michael drive this throughout the organization. It's very straightforward. It's work hard, work smart, innovate and put the customer first and deliver results. And so I really like the culture. Obviously, I've been here 17 years. Some people say I need to get more creative with my career, but I really – it really gets me excited to make a difference. And it's a positive difference. We're protecting our customers so they can get about their business. So I really like that. And in terms of how I can contribute, up until now I've focused on legal and corp dev. I'm taking over corporate real estate. I'm adding systems, manufacturing and logistics. And so I have a broad set of responsibilities. I also have always worked very closely with the sales teams. I will not be managing the sales teams, but I will continue to work closely. Teamwork is one of our top three culture items here. And we're not really boxed in here in a way. In a way, we really work together. And so we've got great sales leaders, and I look forward to working with them. We've got a huge opportunity to grow. We want to grow and capture that opportunity by putting the customer first. I want to support that. And to the extent I can help the team, I want to do that. To Fatima's question earlier, we're also very disciplined on the cost side. And as Keith said, we have this services model where we have a lot of visibility based on the deferred revenue on the top line. But we also are very disciplined at kind of managing and monitoring the costs on a real-time basis. And, sometimes you can control the costs, more quickly than other things. And so what I've noticed is, we're very good at kind of managing that on a real-time basis, and we'll continue to do that as well.
John Whittle: In terms of the quota retirement question, Keith may have additional comments on that, but there's really no change there.
