Ken Goldman: So I will be quick now. Before reviewing guidance let me remind you that our guidance consists of forward-looking statements and please keep it in mind my earlier comments regarding such statements. Turning to guidance, as we begin 2012, we are excited about the deals in our pipeline and we believe there are many growth opportunities lie ahead for the company. While there continues to be some level of volatility in the global economy, we believe the macro environment entering the year has proved somewhat compared to where we said a year ago. Equally and more important to mention network security solution is quite strong and Fortinet’s competitive position in market where it continues to strengthen. We’re now a much more substantial company with nearly $500 million in billings and over $500 million in cash, 18% market share with continued share gains driven by innovative and visionary products and consistently strong execution. Combination of these factors provides us with confidence to increase our outlook for the full year 2012 as compared to initial views we shared on our last quarter’s call. At the same time, we’re still early in the year and do not want to get ahead of ourselves. We expect to provide quarterly updates over the course of the year as we continue to gain more data points and visibility. Also the adoption of new revenue recognition rules in 2011 gave us benefits to revenue that we will not get in 2012. All things considered, our increased guidance for 2012 is also off a higher base due to our strong Q4 results. So therefore our expectations are for the year, billings to be in the range of $565 million to $575 million, mid-point puts us at approximately 20% growth for the year, again allowing us to gain further market share. Total revenues to be in the range of $505 million to $520 million, mid-point puts us a growth rate at 18% for the year compared to our initial view of mid to high teens we shared in last quarter’s call. As we remind you, we will not see the favorable year over year benefit of the new revenue accounting rules during 2012.    Gross margin approximately 74% and operating margin would be comparable to 2011 at 24% for the year. Both at the top end of our target ranges. We expect our operating margin increase over the course of the year as it’s seasonally low in the first quarter due to certain payroll related tax expenses, combined with the fact that we play to continue to invest for growth. EPS to be approximately $0.48 to $0.52, based on our expected diluted share count of approximately 167 million to 170 million. From a adjusted free cash flow perspective, we are targeting in a range of $160 to $170 million for fiscal ’12. We put in guidance as adjusted free cash flow which accounts for excess tax benefits resulted from option exercise under our employee equity incentive plans since it more accurately reflects the company’s free cash flow generation capabilities. We expect to have a cash balance of over $700 million by the end of 2012. Now turning to our guidance for the first quarter of 2012. I would also remind you that we faced keyword headwinds and expenses, higher expense related to payroll related expenses, employee merit increases, less vacation usage. The expense headwinds could be approximately $3 million. In addition, we intend to continue investments in sales and R&D. This comes at the same time seasonally lower revenue in Q1 compared to Q4. That’s still always to be expected to raise of $122 million to $127 million, which the midpoint represents growth at 17% year over year.  Total revenues expect to be in the range of $112 million to $115 million which at midpoint represents growth of approximately 22%, again remind you that we want to get the same sequential increase as we did in Q1 ’11 which resulted from the new revenue recognition rules.  Gross margin expect to remain approximately at 74%, non-GAAP operating margin expected 21% to 22%. Non-GAAP earnings per share expected to be approximately $0.11 based on expected diluted share count in the range of 165 million to 167 million. Adjusted free cash flow expected in the range of $35 million to $40 million. Pro forma tax rate again expected to remain the same around 33%. So now, I know we will take little bit time. I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A and just to remind you that we will have another session after this and it’s around 3.30 Pacific to extend – we don’t have time to answer all questions now, so we will handle that time as well. So I refer to the operator.
Ken Goldman: Well, I think I referred to that little bit, I talked about it. A record quarter in France, I talked about strength in Germany, UK, and Italy. So those are some of the areas we mentioned. It’s always hard to differentiate the market itself from our own execution. So my sense is it’s probably little of both but maybe little bit more so in our execution because I think we have – some of the things we discussed in Q2 results, we have moved on from, as I noted, I think that contributed to our improved results in EMEA.
Ken Goldman: I think it’s all of the above. There is a number of – we look at certain wins that we feel is represented but I think we have continued to do well in large enterprises in Europe and we did actually well in Europe enterprises as well before. We really saw a contribution of that – those enterprises in the U.S. So we have been doing well in enterprise segments in Europe for quite some time but some of the more pronouncing, if you will, in Q4 were service providers in Europe.
Ken Goldman: I am not going to be ready to talk to that. It’s a little hard to – a lot would go in that number, it’s one of the reasons why it’s little complicated. And so when we think about free cash flow, we sort back into it the other way around. We look at how much cash we’re going to grow and we look at how much we gained from stock exercises. My sense is it will be less than 10.8 we experienced in Q4. So maybe 78 but honestly that number is hard to pin down. We had about $5 million relative to the new revenues in Q4 compared to what it would have been under the new rules. 
Ken Goldman: I want to add to that. The interesting we hear investors deal, you folks hear a lot of noise if you will from our competitors particularly Checkpoint and Palo Alto. And while they’re both doing well, I don’t know if Palo Alto is doing this private but just to remind people that we are growing approximately twice as fast as Checkpoint. So to the extent they think they have taken share, whatever share they are taking, we are taking more of it. So I will remind folks of that and so we are growing at a pretty health cliff, we are a company doing over $400 million in revenue and close to $500 million in billings even though you might think otherwise from some of the noise out there.
Ken Goldman: Basically they haven’t changed. And again, I think there’s sometimes a misunderstanding of attach rates and where drives are, renewals is more of the seasonality of the renewals and the attach rate. So in terms of, we had about the same in terms of what we call, non-bundled hardware versus bundled hardware. So if anything, it maybe moved to non-bundled but not really much. And so I have the numbers here, what really drives our businesses is it’s a timing of our renewals and how that impacts. And then over time, to the extent that we do sell more products as really firewalls, if you will, clearly, they would have service with it but won’t have as much as subscription to it. So we still sell service, our tag as we call it, but we won’t necessarily sell as much as subscription service.
Ken Goldman: The long term deferred did increase, I think did increase last quarter. Other than that, I think I said many times here, I don’t think there is really anything you can take from that. Sometimes we do long term deals, we are down this really very little you can read into that.
Ken Goldman: You ought to assume, we always spent around $1 million or so in cash taxes. And depends on what you use for pre tax income next year. But I am thinking we actually will increase our cash tax next year to the 8 to 10 million potentially.
Ken Goldman: One of the challenges you have on pie chart because to the extent one grows faster than the other, that can be good or bad, again the goal here is to grow all segments, first. Second of all, as you saw we did announce a number more recently that addressed the entry and middle level range areas. And so I am not sure my sense is what probably – but we experienced in Q4 for the year but may not quite as strong as that in terms of high end early in the year. But that’s a little bit of a guesstimate on my part because that’s a number that we sort of comes about at the end of the quarter as opposed to number that we drive during the process if you will.
Ken Goldman: And it will be a strong product year. But I look at it as clearly we are a company that’s been driven by products foremost. We have pushed the envelope where the market is going, that’s really been the express and strength from a getgo. Coupled with a stronger and stronger sales platform and with a good distribution channel. And I think Ken just noted we look forward to a strong new product with new ASICs and new operating system this year as well. But that’s the history of this company.
Ken Goldman: So we gained through structural things, we think over time we will accelerate our business in China. We have entered some of the emerging countries like Russia last year. I think as I look at it, I don’t think it’s a major change, now we just want to fill out if you will, we are already in and continue to execute in some of the areas little bit better than we did in sort of the middle of the year in some of the areas we talked about. So I don’t think there is any real change in our strategy or any new markets, we are actually in most of the ones we want to be at this point. Now the question is filling them up more. To the extent that we continue to see that we could work with distributors or resellers that better reflect our mission, we will continue to look at it and basically make improvements there.
Ken Goldman: Give me a second to look at those numbers. Reminder, we had a patent sale in Q3, I am not sure I have Americas here yet. We had patent sale in Q3 for 2.6, that also affected Americas in Q3 from a revenue point of view.Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird: To point out though, I would have expected Americas to come up with Q4 sequentially.
Ken Goldman: I think that has been going down $1 million a quarter. Over time there will be negligible. And maybe 8 to 10 million for the year.
Ken Goldman: I think we are always a little bit more sanguine in relative to the forward quarter and the most nearest quarter. I think we look at last year’s Q1 and looked pretty strong to us as well. So we took into account our prior guidance we gave for the year and so forth and Q1, so we felt this was probably the most reasonable thing to provide at this point of time.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, we do certainly Juniper and Cisco on the service provider. I would say we have developed a great market share there and in some cases the deals aren’t competitive that might have been previously their installed base. And so it’s almost become run rate business for us, in many not all service providers. I mentioned a few examples where we did compete Juniper or Checkpoint or whatever, would say more opportunities and in many cases MSSP, a much more run rate opportunities where we – pretty much almost all suppliers.
Ken Goldman: It little bit depends on how you define on FortiGate whether you include things like related products like FortiAnalyzer, FortiMail and so forth. Pure non-FortiGate, in order words, FortiGate is probably around 10-ish percent. The related products, non-appliance product, has a higher percentage than that.
Ken Goldman: We don’t really – the other time we do promotions honestly here is when we have end of – (indiscernible) end of life of a product and we want to – we do sell inventories. But we didn’t do anything special at all relative to renewals to incent people to do either renewal this year or multi-renewals this year. No, nothing at all there from the point of view. In terms of property equipment, I don’t have that in front of me. We have tended to spend anyway from a half to $1 million per quarter, roughly and it hasn’t really changed. Most of that is really test equipments, so we have had to include a lot more test equipments in terms of maybe evaluation equipment but that tends to be relatively modest and just as you can tell from our fourth quarter numbers, tends to just little bit over depreciation which is why net PP&E only got a run off modestly.
Ken Goldman: We don’t really provide detailed pipeline metrics. I would say as we look across, look at the business, Americas and Europe, we feel good about it. Really our product positioning, and our customer positioning relative to continued expand our opportunities and share there. But I am not going to share any specific numbers with you.
Ken Goldman: A couple of points. One, just want to make clear that we had almost flattish Q4 to Q1 and again that was because we saw about 4 million in revenue due to the new rules vis-à-vis Q4 ’09 – Q4 ’10. So be little careful in terms of that. In terms of sales, certainly I would say we are going to bring on sales capacity probably relatively close to what we increased billings. So our sales and billings go hand in hand much more so than revenue. I would, even to the prior question, I just remind people, revenue has to do with as much as mix in the quarter, renewals versus products and so forth. So that’s why – any particular reason revenues may or may not go up quarter to quarter just because of the mix of billings in the quarter.  So in terms of as we go into ‘012 we are aggressively continuing to look at headcount across the world in sales. So there is no change in our perspective hiring aggressively in sales.
Ken Goldman: I don’t even know, I look at some of our folks in this room here. I think the mix tends to be little bit more so on subscription than in support, and maybe 60:40, but it’s not a number that we really track. 
Ken Goldman: Ken may have given perspective. But my own sense is that it may be little bit more enterprise. I think finite numbers, the service providers in the world, whereas the enterprise, I think as we continue to exhibit performance that you saw in today’s press release, I think there is more for us to – more up to us to gain there. I think over time our ability to grow more in enterprise is probably a bigger opportunity than the service provider side.
Ken Goldman: I would first of all say, we have not initially, Dan, that we set, we don’t really provide guidance by region. And I think I have also commented that in Europe, a market share in most countries tends to be higher on a relative basis than in the Americas that we have less opportunity to grow from a market share point of view and overall growth. And lastly, Europe, it’s hard to tell the economic environment, certain countries are in recession, others may or may not go into recession. So think my sense is we will continue to have less growth in Europe vis-à-vis Americas or Asic-Pac is, so you ought to expect a growth in Europe should not be as high as other regions in the world, for the reasons I just mentioned.   
Ken Goldman: First of all, we said in the last quarter that our operating margins would be comparable in ’012 versus ’11, so now our margins we ended up over achieving in ’11. So that also reflects higher ’12. As you recall, we did several percentage points better in’11 than we had previously expected early in the year. So the key point to think of, we are operating a higher plateau for now if you will, higher marker than we had expected. So when we say guidance relative to constant, it’s certainly up from a higher base. That’s the first point.  In terms of investments, yeah, I think we have been very clear that we want to gain share, we do well, you have seen the numbers from some of the other competitive had announced to this point. And so I think we are doing quite well against all of them relative to growth, market share and so forth. And we still – the nice thing is we still see opportunities for expanding our product line and growing faster and we think that’s the right strategy for us.
Ken Goldman: I think we never said exactly the legal expenses. I do think we have put in our Qs in the order of $500,000 to $700,000 roughly per quarter is what we were spending for the royalty. So I think that’s in our Qs. And if you go through our numbers, we have a modest amount, we’ll probably put in our Q, we will see relative to going forward, amortization expense relative to go forward. No further cash expense on that and no further legal expense. If a nice pick up if you will in terms of both the certainty of our costs as well as in fact, much lower costs going forward. And it certainly takes the variability out of that number going forward.
Ken Goldman: All I said is that the agreement extends – basically the agreement extends the same as the original agreement was due for 2015. And all we did is pay up and negotiated license settlement on that. Beyond that, I think all the patents end that we discussed – all the patents that are relevant there end by that period of time. So even though they are not material, they are not valid any more.
Ken Goldman: This is Ken. I am going to suggest that we have any follow up or further questions that we hold them to the next call which will be about 35 minutes because we have some other things we have to do between now and then. So let me end the call here. Thank you all for listening and again we sent the – Is this the same caller number? Same caller number at 3.30 Pacific Time that Ken and I will also be here with Michelle to answer any follow up questions that you want to ask us. So let me just end it here. And I look forward to those that want to stay on the call, get back on the call, to call back in about 35 minutes. And again, thank you for your standing by this relatively elongated call. Appreciate it.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. Let me answer this one. I think for Checkpoint they do ship them off highest compared before they are mostly in the software and router server. I think their blade strategy makes them kind of more partner starting and to some more in the server market. But the issue is really the server, not really design to be the network gateway. So that’s where the dedicated box pass additional (indiscernible) ASIC that’s helped a lot. Because when you have the servers CPU, if there is a multiple function enabled, that’s starting to come up. So our assumption may impact that with other.  So that’s where the dedicated ASIC chip pass the CPU, CPU is the best possible to do with ASIC in the network gateway. Palo Alto, I think their success in the certain market in like finance service, or certain commerce sector there, so we don’t see them outside this segment and also by most market research firm that the function that they offer just a subset of the UTM. I think that quite a few market researching firm have headache with some function there as the sub-feature set in a broad UTM. So that’s way we see them kind of more successful in this sort of segment.
Ken Xie: Obviously the product release we did today is sort of performance we test, and as Ken and I’d say three times than the number of Checkpoint on that and probably ten times the number of the other network has. So that’s all in a real traffic result application with everything in order big or small sets of packet.
Ken Xie: I view this type of like a (indiscernible) still may have different technology, like a traditional safer firewall that just look at the packet header and fashion and then there is a deep packet inspection. They do look at some content but that’s a packet by packet. But there is other layer, need to go to the full content sometime the web security needle do the full content, that’s like the virus, some other content who assembled the packet would have full inspection. So that’s where the FortiGate UTM, we have all this as a three layer color. So I think for certain enterprise service provider, they may just – if you connect – try the secured connection, that’s where the traditional firewall is okay. But if certain instruction you have to use deep packet inspection to block certain instruction but for some other web content and virus, it has to the full content inspection. So that’s where Fortinet is the pioneer with all the UTM anti-virus gateway.  So that’s kind of multiple different functions and application in a same path form, that’s the customer can decide when to turn off. So that’s where the testing we did really is because of the addition of full ASIC advantage we have, we are able whether firewall the deep packet inspection or the motherboard inspection, so they are not packet that much because we have ASIC and together with the regular CPU to the acceleration. So that’s the competitor which they totally depend on their CPU which a lot of (indiscernible) CPU. And also CPU is put on a server platform may not be the best for the network security platform.
Ken Xie: The big enterprise tend to have a multiple box, even maybe multiple pin behind the different function area compared to service provider SMBs intend to have boxful feature of box depend on what they need. So that’s probably the case. But today the next pack, the new perfect, a lot of blend type they have to be, make sure the multiple box need be working together. So that’s where the UTM, integrated function together they have more advantage than finally the blended attach. But as I said, the big enterprise – they may choose some dedicated function but the trend we see is moving to the multiple function solution now.
Ken Xie: There is a small distributor, not quite I think have any impact on us. We also keep on recruiting more and better distributor come to working with us.
Ken Xie: And also on the technology product side, this year we do have a new FortiASIC come out, every year we have FortiASIC come from industry family, the network processor, obviously some chip. And also every quarter, we tend to have a new platform of FortiGate platform come out and also some non-FortiGate platform. Also this year we have the new FortiOS, we tend to have the FortiOS every two or three years. So this year we will probably have new FortiOS 5.0 will come out by later year.
Ken Xie: First, the UTM market is about 2 to 3 billion, we are about 18% market share, we are gaining market share every quarter. Also the UTM, if you also kind of address, the overall the network security market is about 10 billion, we are only 5, 6% of the market. So that’s also a lot of room to grow because we feel we have a huge advantage on the platforms , we are still the only company that own a chip with the leverage to latest CPU server and keep the best performance, also the function and also most of the other vendor, that’s I think gaining market share and that’s the focus of this year. 
Ken Xie: We also have the partnership with some of our large partners, so that’s obviously we would try to address this year.
Ken Xie: No, the focus still on the FortiGate UTM but from time to time some of our customer and also partner do want us to maybe work closely with some other market segments. You probably mentioned this one way enough the FortiDNS, that’s the one actually we partner with some other vendor and we also have home-grown like a FortiWeb, some other FortiMail, keeping selling together with the FortiGate UTM. But still the focus like Ken Goldman said, like 90% of our business still focus on the FortiGate UTM.
Ken Xie: I think the basic functions still come from the firewall intrusion anti-virus and also the web security. I think that’s because there are still applications, we will have like the web security, email security, that’s till the most target application there. I think compared to other single function box is the advantage probably is lower latency and because also the FortiASIC, that can boost additional function without impact other function there or the performance. So that’s the benefit of the platform we have compared to whether it’s a CPU server based or some other single solution, I think that’s where – it really is the performance, really is the huge advantage we have. Even you have a multiple function but also the performance is also much better than the competitors. So that’s where because there is a whole network security space also go with the network space themselves. Because the network tend to grow like every two or three years on the speed. That’s where the network security also need to keep pop out of the performance in the network space. That’s where the performance is always the challenge for the vendor, which not only the multiple function impact the performance but also the network itself keeping growth and bust. I think that’s where the performance and also the addition function we can provide.
Ken Xie: I think all the service provider and also most the big enterprise all use 40 gig solution, network solution, that’s where and especially when you target to the data center and also the big, there are a few 100 gig is very popular. Actually the market is huge and – but also most of these few 100 gigs throughput is still insecure, but in the security biased.
