Michelle Spolver: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you everyone for joining us on this conference call to discuss Fortinet’s financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2012. Joining me today are Fortinet’s Founder, President and CEO, Ken Xie; and Interim CFO, Nancy Bush.  In terms of the structure of the call, I will begin by providing a quick summary of our key fourth quarter financial metrics. Then turn the call over to Ken Xie who will provide perspective on the market and our business and product highlights. Nancy Bush will then review our operating results along with some thoughts on our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2013 before we open up the call for questions. As a reminder today, we are holding two calls. Following this call, we will hold a second conference call to provide an opportunity for financial analysts and investors to ask more detailed financial questions. The second call will begin at 3:30 PM Pacific Time and will also be webcast from our Investor Relations website and is accessible as detailed in our earnings release. Before we begin, let me read this disclaimer. Please note some of the comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular the risk factors described in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we’ll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on slides 15 to 18 of the presentation that accompanies today’s prepared remarks. Please refer to the Investor Relation section of our website at www.investor.fortinet.com for important information, including our earnings press release issued just a few minutes ago and slides that accompanies today’s prepared remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. Note that we routinely post important information on Investor Relations website, and we encourage you to make use of that resource. Before I turn the call over to Ken to provide perspective on market drivers, and Fortinet’s product and business highlights, I will first summarize our key financial results for the fourth quarter. Note that these figures include the positive impact of the patent sale of approximately $1.9 million that was executed during the quarter. I’m pleased to say that Fortinet had an exceptional fourth quarter. Across all key financial metrics, we exceeded our prior guidance even aforementioned patent sale. Specifically, billings were $174 million exceeding our guidance and increasing 24% year-over-year. Revenue was $151 million, up 25% and also exceeding our guidance range. From a profitability perspective, non-GAAP operating margins were 27% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.17 both above our guidance. And finally, our cash generation was strong evidenced by the $48 million of free cash flow generated during Q4, which well exceeded the high end of our guidance range. In a few minutes, Nancy will give additional financial details. But first, let me now turn the call over to Ken.
Michelle Spolver: Yeah, if I could just add John, this is Michelle, that we saw that a little bit more in retail. Jonathan Ho – William Blair & Company, LLC: Yeah.
Michelle Spolver: We have a little bit – federal is not a big part of our business but retail was, so it wasn’t a significant impact or we did see some of that.
Michelle Spolver: Yeah, it’s Michelle. To Ken's point, there’s been a quarter in the past that we had an eight figure deal. So we could have larger deals at lower numbers, so I think we can fine tune to be in the perception now. But the other thing just to add in terms of what we see helped large deals grow is, if you recall the last I guess the year or so we have been making investments in growing our enterprise sales team in particular, and I think that is probably helping get the rewards in terms of larger deals and more of those.
Michelle Spolver: I wouldn’t, its Michelle, Ron. I wouldn’t get that tied up around that. I mean government is for worldwide and that vertical is – worldwide government, we do, do well internationally. We still do well in Americas in terms of state and local government. So I really wouldn’t we’ve said this before get that and hung up on year-over-year changes and verticals. We didn’t really see anything different in Q4 than we did in Q3.
Ken Xie: I think we have some concern towards the December the fiscal cliff, so that’s probably some lighter company gone and holding and spending a little bit. I think right now probably that issue you have little bit concern, but kind of better compared to December now.
Ken Xie: Yeah like I mentioned the two things fast and secure, because our platform is much faster compared to Palo Alto which more based on the software, and then we have much broader security function and also function at one of our peer, like the example we gave in my calls there sort of VB100 has a test over 30 companies for the proactive detection for the malware which basically they just hold your box for like a couple of weeks whatever the malware or the intrusion happening possibly we have no chance to update a signature and then testing all these things. So we will only run flagship over 19%. So I think that that’s where the fast secure thought we have a huge advantage. I think Palo Alto is doing good job really. They have a pretty good marketing machine and also a pretty aggressive sales team, which we also try to invest more in our sales team. And I believe as we target a little different market, but our approach is really to have much more long time advantages compared to some other software based companies.Jonathan Ho – William Blair & Company, LLC :  Great. Thank you.
Ken Xie: We on a technology side, on October last year, we announced the FortiOS 5. We get positive feedback from the customer, from the channel partner, and also like last quarter, this quarter we starting deliver a few new platform and probably more this year later based on a new FortiASIC. So we have a new FortiASIC announced in the Q4 last year starting point of the part this year, and then there is another new FortiASIC which I had the performance a lot were delivered this year, so that’s all we’re helping the full year growth. And we're confident for the 2013 that the long-term potential we feel we have a more advantage keeping increase the gap compared to some of our competitors.
Ken Xie: I think that some fund – the last deal also composed of some smaller low-end box for the branch office, so that’s probably one of the reason. The other thing similarly I think last year we see the enterprise growing well, so it is really the enterprise. We don't want get quarter-by-quarter as it’s difficult to track, but the whole year we’ve grown like 55% in the enterprise segment. I think this year we'll invest more in the enterprise both in the team and also in the marketing side. So we feel that will also help in both on the high-end product and also in the larger deal, but some kind of longer deal don't have to be all high-end product.
Ken Xie: I think in 2013, we will be more focused on enterprise solution and from my personal point of view, the maximum part of UTM – we are talking about the same box, so this is just my angle to view the solution. But, whatever customer needed and then we try to help and find the best solution, and that's also give because the platform also has the feasibility to deliver some dedicated function compared to the compound integrated function, so that’s where like 2013 that the massive (inaudible) target some enterprise. And we are keeping ahead of the channel, we are keeping ahead the service provider, but we will believe like we see enterprise going quite well last year and this year we feel we should invest more into the enterprise environment, which we have now too much investment in the past, but the solution is starting well enterprise right now.
Ken Xie: I think – you can see some of our competitor they probably till profitable, which they almost no gross and some other competitor may be they make no money, just trying to more aggressive. I think we feel we have achieved fine among that the profit and also growth.
Ken Xie: Okay. I think first on the pricing side, we don’t see any pressure. So that’s why we don’t see any need to like that discount whatever to win the deal, because we believe we have the best platform that can deliver the best performance and best function. But on the performance side, the whole network was secure and you kind of followed the Moore's law for every two years, the speed double. So that’s where, because our performers advantage we can really kind of match all these demand in the field. On the larger deal, I think that – because internally we are starting position of structure (inaudible) more dedicate for some vertical space, and also the whole landscape are also changing in the whole market, its better some traditional firewall and no longer can stop the newest attack, the malware attack or this virus attack now. So that's where you see the need in the market, which they need to be refresh their current solution to a faster and a newer generation at same time and they also need to add additional security function to meet all this new application come from the internet.  So that's where the royalty rates say we probably gave annually, because still little bit lumpy quarter-by-quarter so we don't want to mislead in maybe customer overreaction there. So as they probably – annually we probably gave us some more detail will make more sense, but quarterly we really hesitate to give too much detail which may cause them overreaction there.
Ken Xie: That does make APAC probably China we mentioned last quarter. I think it would take a few quarter to turnaround, to fix the issue there, which we hope the second half of this year. We are starting to see big growth again. And just like we did in UK about in middle of 2011, we see, we have some issue there and then take about one year, starting to turnaround the result. I think it’s a similar timing for some APAC country there, but overall we are operated globally, I think we see that overall all three regions perform quite well. 
Ken Xie: The telecom provider, now they try to transition into more like a major service provider, which when they purchase a product sometimes more for their customer try to help and manage the service. I still see it’s a big potential there, but on the other side the telecom service provider tend to be very careful when they are making the decision and also they take some possible to testing because the telco is better availability, the performance is all were critical for them. And so that’s where – so far we see a few good trend in the area, and also we see some more enterprise customer starting more engaged with some technical service provider try to do the math in service solution there. So we don’t see much changing in the space.
Ken Xie: I think we speed on the (inaudible) in the last two quarter. You can see last quarter we had about 100 people and even like this quarter we are also pretty aggressively try to invest in sales and marketing like in this margin. We add in that 60 people. So we want to keeping invest for the growth, because that’s where sometime we try to balance so how the – what’s the best value for the shareholder is more on the growth side, on the profit of value side. So that’s what we try to see what the best balance there. So we believe with the cash we generate, with the cash level we have, so this year if we are keeping the same operational model as last year and then you invest more in the growth comparatively keeping improve in operation margin. That’s probably the best strategy. So please on now, so that’s where we want to keeping you invest in the growth which is really the sales and marketing and R&D. 
Ken Xie: I think can say what is this year, so they are quite confidence where we deliver. It’s a quite revolution advantage in this area, because there is one on the past solution in this space.Jayson Nolan – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. I’ll leave it there. Thanks, Ken.
Ken Xie: Yes, we are very well acting to searching a CFO. And I believe Fortinet is one of the best company in the space, so we really want – and also CFO position is quite important, so we want to find the best CFO. On other side we have very strong finance team. You can see the last few months, we execute well, we deliver well, we have the strong and best team and a finance team and all sitting here, and keeping delivered – very good result.  Ron Zember – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much and congrats guys.
Ken Xie: Yeah, security tend to be more resistant compared to some hardware structure or IT company, because also you can see more than half of our revenue come from the service support which is fairly like I said before. When the whole macro environment economy really slow down, some customer may not really buy a lot of new product, but they do keep up out of service support and then – he may extend the current product service support. So overall even like the end of 2008, 2009 we’re still growing because network security is the path they need to make the whole thing working.
Ken Xie: I think first we believe that the advantage we have on the technology and the product, the enterprise currency to benefit and also we have a good dedicated team starting to focus on enterprise since couple of years ago. So that is starting to result in the fast growing enterprise. And also we are going to invest more this year for enterprise.  The message – we have quite a flexible whatever because helping customer to provide a best solution there. So where some customer – the enterprise customer especially they got like distribute enterprise environment they are more like the UTM message, some other customer they may like the next gen firewall message but it's really – basically it's really the multifunction device. So that a device have a firewall, VPN, intrusion, app control, antivirus together compared to the single point solution or single function device in the past.  So that’s were the whole market trended right now. So that’s where we – the platform we have is really the best platform kind of address this trend, its changed with both the performance and also the broader security function. So that give us more few advantage and we also keep steady improving in the sales and marketing where we can see the change opportunity going forward.
Ken Xie: We started on ASIC front of work. Again we are going to find the company and out of FortiGate, we have ASIC there but it's really the generation and this unit takes about total solution to our new chip come out. That's where you can look into the system. If the system has been relatively old, they may have the older chip there and the newer system will leverage to the newest FortiASIC shipped, the newest CPU, the newest network processor chip there. So that's – every quarter we have a few new product come out. So the one we just announced last week, the FortiGate-600C that’s leverage on newest chip and newest CPU. We have a few larger product that will be announced in the next few months. So that’s how leverage the latest newest which is difficult to say. We have over 30 gig, 40 gig path for our product line, so it is difficult to say we’re trying to reach in the call there.
Ken Xie: (Inaudible) one and one half years to have to chip starting to get into the system. So the one we announced as you will see through in Q4 was starting point in a system this quarter. So I think the most system come out this quarter were lagging we announced last quarter. And then the other chip we are going to come out MP6 this year will be, the system will be, may be the second half or towards the end of the year we’re starting using the new MP6, afterwards we’ll using the MP4 we had before.
Ken Xie: We see quite some opportunity spending in enterprising of finance service provider, healthcare, education. I think the strategy structure we have kind of different than few years ago which is more like focus on some regions sort in China. Now we’re starting to see some vertical space really like this integrated solution now. So we'll keep invest more in this area.Shaul Eyal – Oppenheimer & Co.: Got it. Okay, thank you very much and good luck.
Ken Xie: Yeah, I don't think we’re changing the way we operate right now compared to last three years. I think in beginning of the year we have a less visibility, so that's where we tend to – once we have more visibility we tend to update the guidance there, but in the beginning of the year it's a similar part we have in the last three years.
Ken Xie: The enterprise like the BYOD approach and especially in the new FortiOS 5 so that's one of the three major advantage we have, as well as secured mobile device especially for the enterprise environment. And I think with OS 5 kind of more adopted by the more customer, so we will see some more advantage. But right now I have to say we just starting to see the BYOD kind of mobile come by the customer and we have a lot of customer trial just to because of BYOD. Going forward we see that's the one of the fast-growing area for the company.
Ken Xie: Yeah. Definite ASIC will improve the performance a lot. I think that really allows HLC 2, the VPM performance equals 10 times compared to the previous solution, previous chip. So it is each version ASIC, they can gain a huge advantage compared to some other what to depend on CPU or some other software or even the previous ASIC there. And what…
Ken Xie: Yes. I would say that’s if you just look at the percentages and how we’re expanding now, I’ve talked to several investors around there, something that’s not only sales people, right, but its resellers, distributors, if you enter a country or a region, if you want to enter into a vertical, sometime your investments you made fair. But I’m with Ken where growth stop, we see a lot of opportunities for suite should invest and grow.
Ken Xie: Yeah. That’s also we kind of mentioned, we try to achieve the vast, balance moderate growth and also the profitability. So you’ve had kind of towards one hand and also. So that’s the best we try to achieve, but definitely with the strong cash position is the warehouse margin, we can also kind of like low well, prepared to adopt to changing this space.Rick G. Sherlund – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Ken Xie: Negative enterprise customer starting to the need for the multifunction device, and you can call this next generation kind of replacing their current and firewall solution there, which we believe, because the platform we like I said, in the last 20 years, I tried the software on a platform that ASIC-based (inaudible) the combined the best CPU with the best FortiASIC platform, which can address both the performance and also the function – the newest function there, so that’s where we feel, we were prepared for the changing in the space, which need a multifunction and also higher performance solution for the network security.  So that's – especially for the enterprise, because the traditional approach provided a single function point product, its too costly to operate and also cannot defend the latest attack there. And also the speed, the other thing in the network security space every like as three, four, five years you need to replace the box, just like you need to upgrade the network device and also the server PC, so because the every two years the speed double. So that’s where, I think that's constantly need to be a key part of the changeable pro forma also the additional functional there. So that's where we see – it's a pretty healthy space.Daniel H. Ives – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Great insight. Thanks.
Ken Xie: In the retail space, we tend to have less and bigger box in the headquarters and the branch office using the smaller box, and for some bigger enterprise and also the data centre even (inaudible) interesting. Some of the service provider, they are using the smaller box gave to the customer so they can charge modestly whatever more like a leasing solution there, so they are using the FortiManager remote to manage, we see more of this kind of patent overseas, but in the U.S. service providers they still more preferred that bigger box with virtual system, virtual solution and which using one box to manage multiple customer with one like the virtual domain there.  So that’s were as kind of interest and we see on the enterprise probably it's difficult to say what’s the percentage, I think most of the part we do have some kind of branch, some as most on [my branch], but that's the only we see enterprise solution sometime they have – they need a combination of the high end and low end even some big enterprises just like even few location not even one location sometime this is do need a combination of a bigger and smaller box.
Ken Xie: Yeah they need have the same policy as the headquarters, so that's were to comprise that’s all the requirements so that's where that doesn’t like a bigger broad part of land that -- both headquarters and also that the branch office really is the best solution for them.Scott Zeller – Needham & Co.: Thank you.
Nancy Bush: So, we are not typically a backlog company right, so pretty much within the quarter we shift whatever we take. However, we do look at our forecast. And as we talked about before coming into the quarter, we have a certain percentage that will come off the balance sheet and that continues to grow overtime. So that gives us some strength coming into the quarter. And then as we size up and look at our forecast, across our geographic regions we’re doing quite well. So what we saw in Q4, we saw continuing into Q1. And then it’s not this similar from last year kind of the processing that we went through in the seasonality year-over-year.
Nancy Bush: Yeah, if you look at our ratable revenue and the chart that we show, that would typically be what’s coming off the balance sheet. So the revenue rules changed right almost I think eight quarters ago now. So there is very low ratable product that's coming off the balance sheet anymore. It’s more subscription services and support that's coming off the balance sheet.
Nancy Bush: Just to reiterate what Ken said to, we give the quarter numbers every quarter, but I think you kind of have to look at them over a trended period of time and not just focus on one particular quarter.
Nancy Bush: On the operating margin question across the year, we’ll be up 24% overall for the year and starting that 20% in Q1, so obviously it will go up as we go throughout the year. I think you can look to the previous two years and get an idea of how it tracks.
Nancy Bush: The percentage as we end the year won’t be a lot different, right. But we see verticals – we already talked about the enterprise where we’ve grew a lot year-over-year so we will continue to invest in sales opportunities like that. There are some regions where we feel like we can move up our market share position. And then there are some incentive programs that we enacted with some of our partners last quarter that we’re going to continue that we felt. Paid off very well, and actually probably gave us more leverage on the revenue side for the spent. So I don’t think the percentage as we end the year will be any different in the long term model, but we’ve been out there for a while. Walter Pritchard – Citi Investment Research & Analysis: Just on the cash taxes, could you talk about normal cash taxes we should expect in 2013 relative to 2012.
Nancy Bush: Yeah it’s – we are modeling and right now at about 50% of the GAAP tax rate which is 35%. Obviously as every corporation, we are going through what is passed in Congress and see if we can improve that a little bit, but that’s our starting point for the year.Walter Pritchard – Citi Investment Research & Analysis: Okay. Thank you.
Nancy Bush: Just a reminder in Asia Pacific, China is one of our smaller market drivers there. As we mentioned earlier in the script, Japan, Korea and Taiwan all had very strong performances. So I think we expect to continue to see Asia Pacific in the near term to show growth.Robert Breza – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Nancy Bush: I think that Michelle and I have talked about this several times to different people over the course of the last couple of months. I mean it's always been a challenging macro out there. I think it continues to be one, but I think what gives us little bit of thought into the year is, people continue to need security reading the latest article in the paper today was, is Congress going to go back and enact something around cyber security. So I don't see a lot of changes in it and we just have to continue to try to manage through it and take the opportunities that we see. Ken, if you have any additional color.
Nancy Bush: On the tax rate on the service, what we’re starting to see as we move into the enterprise phase is more people would like resident engineer or they need some type of short-term engagement. So I wouldn’t say it was a significant impact across 2012, I think as we look into 2013, we might anticipate that might be more contributing and little bit to our services line, but still not significant for us. Okay, we can move probably to the next question.
Nancy Bush: And let me just add Zeller, we see growth in all of those areas alternate areas and as Ken mentioned about market drivers to things like PCI compliance sort to driving spending in the retail sector in particular, which is Fortinet is very, very well in that sector, and those could be large deals with hundreds of thousands of non-boxes included in the some of the larger boxes in the larger location in headquarters.  In the history enterprise, large enterprise the transition for being standalone whole generation firewalls to next generation firewall, but obviously it’s a driver for us as well. And then finally in the service provider sector clear moment to delivering service security asset manage service. We do very well there, so it's pretty much all types of large deals, the drivers in each of those segments we do well.
Nancy Bush: Great. We’d like to thank everyone for attending our call today, we welcome all your questions, and I appreciate your interest and then just to remind you we have a second call again at 3:30. Thanks and have a good afternoon.
