Ken Goldman: Before reviewing guys, let me remind you that the guidance consists of forward-looking statements and please keep in mind our earlier comments regarding such statements. Well, we remain mindful of the overall economic volatility, particularly in EMEA. We believe Fortinet is well positioned to maintain a momentum for the remainder of the year, due to our broad network security product offerings, unique technology differentiation, a superior price performance advantage. Our goal is to keep pushing and powering through to gain share and our guidance is reflect of the environment as we see it right now. To begin with (inaudible) for third quarter, billings expected to be in a range of $143 million to $147 million, which is the midpoint. It represents growth of 23% year-over-year. As a reminder, due to our over performance in billings during Q2, we expect there to be mostly more seasonality during Q3, specifically in EMEA than we experienced in Q3 of last year. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $134 million to $137 million whereas the midpoint represents year-over-year growth of 16%. However, excluding the $2.6 million patent sale in Q3 of last year, revenue growth would be close to the 20%. Gross margin is expected to be in the range of 72% to 73%. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 24%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected approximately $0.14 based on an expected diluted share count in the range of 167 million to 169 million. Free cash flow of approximately $38 million to $40 million excludes $14 million for the purchase of random buildings near our Silicon Valley headquarters, which we expect to close in Q3 which will reduce the free cash flow rate to $24 million, $26 million. This purchase does not, however, impact our operating cash flow which we expect to be in the range of $40 million to $42 million in Q3 and no change at this point in the performance (inaudible) of 34%. We are increasing our overall guidance for the full year based on the strength of our second quarter as well as a healthy networking security business environment that we see at this time, and therefore expect billings to be in the range of $590 million to $600 million, up from a prior guidance of $580 million to $590 million and the midpoint puts us at approximately 25% growth for the year (inaudible) educations are fairly gaining market share during 2012. Total revenues to be in the range of $525 million to $530 million, up from prior guidance of $515 million to $530 million basically are now at range. Midpoint puts our growth range at 22% for the year. Now remember we had the patent sale which helped us somewhat last year. Gross margin to be in the range of 72%, 73% and operating margin to be around 24% for the year. We've narrowed the EPS range to be $0.51 to $0.53, up from prior guidance and based on our expected diluted share count of approximately $166 million to $169 million. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $165 million to $170 million, up from our prior guidance that excludes the impact of the LAN billing projects I've mentioned earlier. Cash flow from operations for the year is expected to be in the range of $173 million to $178 million. As I close, I would like to particularly thank those long-term shareholders who continue to support us and have shown faith as we near three years as a public company, as we march toward the $500 million annual revenue level. So with that, let me -- we'll all take questions and answers. So I'll turn the call over to the operator.
Ken Goldman: Thanks Jon. We don't tend to try -- I would say this as I think about it. Our quarters tend to start out where we tend to build momentum as the quarter goes on. And so we have business that supports our numbers as we see it and then as we get more data points during the quarter, it allows us just to -- like in last quarter to overachieve. So in this particular quarter, I would say July looks fine. Sometimes you go through the August, which -- I don't know if you're (inaudible) but you get August which particularly in Europe there's a fair amount of time off and then you come back to September. I would say there's nothing dissimilar that we are seeing right now than we have experienced in past Q3s as to how we see the quarter unfolding and so forth. But like anything else, you gain more data point as the quarter goes on.
Ken Goldman: I think there's a [nice thing to me] about EMEA and Europe if they were even listening, but we saw some things last year and mid of the year that we felt we couldn't -- did correct. We also thought -- we probably didn't get ourselves just prepared for at least the challenge economic times that seemed to be prevalent in Europe, but frankly over this entire period of time. And so I think what's helped us is consistency of terms of the folks. I mean in some cases we've added some new folks like n the UK that we have talked about. Other cases we have improved our channel. And in many other cases we just have very good focus (inaudible) people and know the playbook, so to speak. So I think that's more -- consistency is a message and constant day by day, week by week execution and making sure we never take our eye off the ball. It's really back to basics execution. I don't know if Ken has any other thoughts, but that -- so our growth consistently improved quarter after quarter since Q2 of last year in EMEA.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, I mean I would say this. If you look at -- we clearly are seeing a little bit weakness in some of these Southern Europe countries and I'm thinking of Italy and Greece as you would expect. France has continued to do well. So Central Europe and France continued to do well. Germany is doing better, but still has opportunity. UK is doing very well for us. We had a good quarter in the Middle East as an example. But in -- I'll say this way, we are holding our own in the group we call ITG of all things, as I've mentioned this before, Italy, Turkey, Greece. We're holding our own but clearly that's not where the growth is coming in, in Europe.
Ken Goldman: I would say we had -- no region represents more than approximately 20% of Europe, of EMEA -- let's just say of EMEA. So you should think of 20% roughly, I don't give exact numbers, but roughly 20% is where the larger regions would be as a percentage of EMEA.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, I'm thinking of UK, Central, Southern. I'm not going to go through everyone but things like that including Middle East and (inaudible) yes.
Ken Goldman: Well, we'll give a little bit more breakout in our Qs. I don't want to give all of that, but I think I already commented that we again had a very strong quarter in Latin America. We had a very strong quarter in how we break -- we have a group called enterprise in our Americas area that had a very, very strong quarter again and that again reflects that our penetration in the mid and higher end enterprises. Our basic channel business did well also. And so that really is how we see it, some other areas more comparable to what they've done in the past. Actually Federal had an okay quarter as well this past quarter.
Ken Goldman: No, I would say that's in yield as it varies from 25% to 30%, yeah that's in [ratio] if you go back to Q2 of '11, it was 27%, 26% this quarter, 30% in Q1. So no, I would say that's in a realm of -- so up and down noise level.
Ken Goldman: I think it looks -- again, remember the bulk of our business is MSSP as a service provider. We are providing the service to their customers and I think our perspective is it looks good to us for the second half of the year.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, we don't intent to -- thanks for the question. We don't intend to get too detailed on month to month. But I would say nothing dissimilar in this quarter in terms of the trends. We started off good. We had a very good June. We are not like a software company or some other companies in which you have this last couple of days of extreme [hecticness]. So I would say nothing really abnormal relative to how the business came in during the quarter. I think that what I had seen last few quarters is good continuity and credibility with the forecast with the sales folks putting together relative to both businesses. They expect to close week by week and what they expect to do for the quarter.
Ken Goldman: In looking at my (inaudible) team here and they're going to give me some -- I'm still am not sure I would, so I'm not sure. They say it went up -- the deterioration went up a little bit actually, nothing dramatic.
Ken Goldman: I would say there's two key points. One is, we don't always get enough credit for it and we keep on fighting this issue with us [penetrating the] enterprise and we -- enterprise in Americas is where we really break it out and EMEA is always this strong. We are doing quite well in the enterprise, that's point one. Point two is Canada has noted that there is some areas in the mid end and certain price points where our market share is not as much as we would like. And so we have both from a product point of view and a competing point of view, if you will, we're aggressively going after market share. So I would say both the area itself. That's why the mid and the high end, there's different focuses. On the high end we continue to penetrate, we continue to do well. In the mid end, there's actually -- sometimes you don't get as much credit from the financial community but the reality is there's a lot of great business there and we are bringing our products, we're competing aggressively there for that business because in some cases, we're not number one and we want to be number one.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, some of it has to do with -- we'll describe more of this at a such time as we formally introduce (inaudible) and this call is not meant to do that, so that's point one. Two is we have a number of products, however, that we have increased particularly storage capability to them and so the product costs in some of our products has gone up as we prepare those products to bail themselves, if you will, of the new operating system. And so -- and the reason I say those costs can -- storage costs, as you well know, tend to go down over time and so we are seeing and expect to see continued reductions in those cost over time. But as we increase the storage in certain products that did increase, and this is both mid and high end, but a lot in the mid end, this did increase some of the product costs for those products.
Ken Goldman: So as we see you'll see it. No. We are seeing some improvements there, we're actually have an improved quarter in Americas they're trying to get the numbers here. Financial services, you know happened little bit from Q1, actually not as quite as good as last year's Q2. But it did start to – a significant win we had over there in financial services, some pretty good deal this quarter over Asia-Pacific, you know I think there is more work to be done there I think there – we are frankly quite confident we have the products and the capabilities and we're doing some things to – I mean to say improve our ability to execute in that area in Americas, so I'll just leave at that.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, I think we intersect maybe 15% to 20% of the time. My sense is, they don't see us because they, as you can say they're focused on certain areas that we hadn't focused on in the past and the same on our side as well. You know, might we see each other a little more in the future perhaps, but I think there's a plenty of opportunities for both companies given that we're all driving innovation.
Ken Goldman: Yeah. We -- maybe exiting – the answer is really yes. We don't see anything that – you know, with it. It doesn't alleviate it. You're right, because first of all, that we – we can say we stagger the – utilization of the ASIC in various projects and that gets – that gets sort of staggered if you will over time. And so we don't preannounce which products those will be, so we manage two things, one is the inventory of existing products as we sort of go through, not the end of life but as we sort of phase them out, if you will. And we bring on new products but it's – it's product-by-product that we introduce new ASIC as opposed across the line.
Ken Goldman: I don't think – yes the other way of this – relatively high level (Inaudible) I don't give any permanently has changed, we are – we've been gaining share over the number of incumbents for the last several years. And I even with some products at some others talked about – it really hasn't fundamentally changed in terms of our ability to gain share, while some others are losing share.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, I mean year-over-year, you're correct. There is not that (Inaudible) quarter-over-quarter. I think the each of the factors of equal way that when we looked at it, and so I know they're getting one stands out, in terms of that. I would also add that we're within the range, we've always given relative to our models, in terms of gross margin model. And you know what, our expectations that we'll inch up if you will as we look forward to the next couple, or three quarter but relative to the factors that I pointed out I think that within the realm of it, when we did our analysis [to all] pretty equal.
Ken Goldman: So that's why I said, you know, I suggested we would inch up the gross margin in Q3 in terms of my guidance, that's what I gave you. And we haven't given exclusive guidance for Q4, but we gave guidance for the whole year.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, and you know my sense is Q3, you know, it won't be anything abnormally different for us. You know, we're still certainly in the Federal, we're still relatively very very small player so seasonality won't really be a factor for us there because we're just such a small player. And the rest of the government, it's still spread around the world that I just – at least at this point I don't see anything fundamentally different.
Ken Goldman: Revenue is just – we've A, it's surely a good start, but it's relatively, yeah it's – it's certainly relatively immaterial. I would say, Ken's going to add to this, as we feel quite positive, I don't want to say bullish, because that will be overstated I think a little bit. But we feel quite positive about the opportunity for it to contribute, and even though we haven't pointed this out that much in last couple of quarters, our non-FortiGate product are contributing a nice healthy amount to our business still not each of them material but nonetheless helping us 
Ken Goldman: And I would say, I just want to add there, it's it's merely the not material, absolutely it's not material relative to growth quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year.
Ken Goldman: Cash taxes was around $5 million and you know, I think that's the range you have to assume for the next couple of quarters. It will be roughly around there.
Ken Goldman: Correct. Single-digit millions. But certainly as I mentioned I think what I said before, $7 million up from the same period for first half over first half. Up to $7 million or so last year, where we paid virtually no cash taxes and it is becoming reasonably material now.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. I think one thing it's only particular around the FortiGate is only -- in the last few quarters, we starting increase the flash memory without changing the price. And that's the flash memory actually are helpful for the new function we are going to release new feature later this year, which can help collect a lot of behavior and also the usage information which can set automatically our smart kind of policy. So the flash memory price also you can see coming down quite a lot in the last few weeks, coming down probably close to 10%, 15%. So that eventually would help us on the margin coming back, because we tread up with our -- even a lot of capability that we now needed today, but we feel going forward we'll be more -- well, we're helpful for the user and so that's a -- but that's just one small part of it. The other parts where there's only investment into the (inaudible) because if we keep up the growth, we feel the number one issue is really how to supporting customer better. So far for them number one we're to get new customers all come from happy referring customer. So that's all come from the best support, because -- that's what we feel pretty sometime. We're not trying to target, grow the fastest one, but we also want to make sure whenever a customer using a product, it can get best support. So that's where we feel the investment support evolution is very important and also would be the future of growth foundation. So that's where we want to keep the investment into the support, and you can see that the high in that -- that we are selling highest, especially in the supporting areas. So that's also impact by some supporting margin, so we feel once the company is (inaudible) coming back with margin. And there's still rising, Ken mentioned a little bit. Once we have produced some of the large enterprise, there's two things. Ones that we tend to have a much bigger deal across multiple years, so that's -- lot of revenue. In early days (inaudible) but also a lot of long-term surveys going forward. And the second part really sometime the bigger deal they tend on the negotiate may be more compared to the chain of kind of deal. So that also has the impact. But all these combinations has hurt the gross margin, but we believe this thing will be come back pretty soon.
Ken Xie: No, I think it's interesting, so it's about two-third being as of come from international. So international tend to have a little bit higher lease price and also the distributor get a little bit more discount because tend to support them more on the marketing and also the technical support. So that's where they lead a little bit more margin to support in their additional effort in the marketing and support. So that's the additional discount they needed compared to some US distributor, which the company do more marketing and also technical support. So that I think that's the model, I don't think it's really changed in the last few years and both our partner and also a few are comfortable for this model, which gave the international lease price a little bit higher than US.
Ken Xie: Yes. Also plus we will to target doing a long-term technology announcement advantage we have. And so that's where the new chip, the new OS. That's kind of match well of the – some of the vision, which kind of address the change in the whole network security landscape. I think this is starting to kind of a people – more people realized that change in happening right now in the last few quarters. And that we're thinking there is quite a lot of replacement of the traditional firewall by this UTM device right now compare to – or is especially happening on the price space.
Ken Xie: That one will give us more advantage on the performance. I think what issue really starting to see in the space since we found the company about 12 years ago – 12 years ago is really once we address the new security threat comes from the content and application, so they need a much more computing power. So that's additional computing power need to come from certain processor or certain ASIC chip. So that's where the FortiASIC device advantage to address the new function with better performance. So that's have a huge advantage compared to a lot of a software company approach. I think it's – right now I see the whole market starting to realize the traditional firewall may not quite secure, so you need that additional function in the content, in application but this additional function which has a huge performance impact. So I think as we see a few new company trying to address this new security function, but then the performance become a huge problem. So we see many customers when they deploy some kind of new approach, we saw the huge performance impact. So that's the one that each we have identified and so we have tried to soft since long time ago with the few generation of FortiASIC. So that each generation we tend to improve the performance allowed and also keeping moves and function from the CPU into the chip which faster and at the same can kind of improve the CPU performance of the modest function. So I think that's the benefit for the FortiASIC and FortiOS is really more try to address the new change in the space that all this kind of (inaudible) or the [MDM] or some other mobile security issue at the same time or the new change in application in the space. I think it's for the current customer which lot has a FortiGate, it had a support and all this account firms we upgrade, and that the new FortiASIC will be keeping building a new FortiGate system just like the FortiGate-800 which has announced few weeks ago. So that's the one will be gradually come out every quarter with the two new system and the helping improving the performance and functionality there.
Ken Xie: Definitely will enable us to getting more deal because with the additional function of performance is open up more doors for us. And like we said we are very strong especially in the high end in the carrier space, in the data center. Now we're starting to see the big enterprise, see the benefit of the UTM with a good performance and also that not in the function to address that security need.
Ken Xie: Yeah. I think the big (Inaudible) in the finance service, it was some of their IT spending whatever also kind of more flat compared to some other – other vertical markets. But we believe we're keeping gaining share in our space.
Ken Xie: I think maybe both because people starting to realize in the finance (Inaudible) that the traditional network security approach, not good enough. So they need to gradual upgrade so that's a one trend they're seeing there. And the second part also we – we're also keep ahead the theme and really keeping – (Inaudible) the space.
Ken Xie: We're not quite seeing the margin at service providers. Service provider is a very special market, which the performance availability and [virtual relation] and the compare other the multiple (Inaudible) and also the multiple functions are quite important. So far we don't see real competition from other vendor yet.
Ken Xie: I think, first the whole network security space definitely have – we see all the new – we see new technology, that's healthy and helped the whole space. As for the -- that's where – likely said – (Inaudible) when we started the company 12 years ago, and we see the need to address the content application area, and the Palo Alto also tried to address the similar problem, but they had started much later than we are. And I think they help educate the whole space, but I still see their biggest problem really is the performance, when you enable the additional function in the content – in application, with that additional (Inaudible) power – what's also the performance will suffer a lot. So that's the issue we addressed since we founded company 12 years ago. But I do see the kind of heavily invested in certain space which, where we are not quite focused before and that we're starting kind of what change in improving in the last few quarters and starting catch up quickly. I think it's their overall – I think really the new dedicated security company, like where the Palo Alto, or Fortinet or some other company they tend to kind of a (Inaudible) space changing quicker and they can provide a better solution and the quicker solution to the new market issue there. So that's keeping the whole space more healthy and also a kind of address the customer need.
Ken Xie: Yeah, that's why I used – that's why I thought about I used the word towering through, because clearly you know you don't just sit there and wait for a deals to fall in your lap and so yeah, you have to go out and compete very hard. I mean, I think the space we happen to be in is generally doing okay. In terms of – because there's some much going on in security. And the thing that really it drives me really is it, how pervasive the need is, for a product and so. You know, we cover you know virtually every vertical and so you have the – your classic industrial companies, you have healthcare, you have education, you have government, you have retail and et cetera, et cetera. And so I think that really helps a lot. Is that you can go and address all these various segments and like anything in any business, there's always some ups and downs you have in any quarters. You know that well the rest of you in line know that well, and then having the breadth of vertical, that – when we address the breadth of verticals really helps us a lot as well as geographies. You know, do you have from times to times some accounts you have to make sure you stay on relative to collections, yep, but we made our collections quota last quarter so. This is all about staying on top of every little piece of the business. And executing and I think it will be really harder to have big upside surprises than maybe in the past what people would not be as prevalent to over-order I do a larger deals but I think the plan we have is really pretty much the same as it has been in the past.
Ken Xie: Yeah, but I think the overall space is as close to $10 billion the whole network security, what I'd say today or probably the majority still the traditional firewall, and which not addressing the content and the application security. So that's in the slide 13, I can see, it's our vision 12 years ago, how to address the new side of (Inaudible) from the content and application layer there. I think that – that's what the new company tend to – gaining market share because we're still relatively small in the whole market share. And we do believe in the next few years the whole market will be all adopt, it's a new security approach which not only address the traditional connection layer security, which the firewall or traditional firewall, (Inaudible) but also a new content application security draft the UTM handbook, so that I think that – that seems to – we're gaining the market share, it is a huge market, it is really helping us growing faster than the whole market space.
Ken Xie: Selling is you know obviously a great skill, what appeals you will particularly in SMB for UTM there's the ability to be very very cost effective with, what appliance. So have an effective – a very cost effective solution for a lot of accounts that, might have had multiple products.
Ken Xie: The first one on the WiFi, is mostly comes from our current customer, so they don't view as efficient and also as kind of – frankly to have a different infrastructure to manage the wireless security – that's mostly network security company addressing today, and also the WiFi management security. So that's where the -- seems like a 4.0 about two-three years ago, we started adding the WiFi management in the current FortiGates. A lot of current customers started to see the huge benefit of it. But as DoS, so now that the focus we have still more on the network security side. Which I specially – what can result as a service provider, resulted and the price right now. That the WiFi has just – starting change in the whole space, I think eventually, could be a huge market because whether the under-priced or some other ones studying kind of a more deployed the WiFi wireless even some, (Inaudible) more deploy some wireless solution there. So that will give us more advantage because we have a leading positions in the wireless and the network security area. And on that lower end we do see a from time to time a customer trying to compare the price, the function there. So one advantage we have, both for the low and the high end is really leverage the FortiASIC, especially we have the search, we call system-on-a-chip, we've integrated that multiple security function together with the CPU with memory, so that can generated the whole landscape with this new chip level approach, and with much better price performance, which we don't see any others current vendor – current solution can compete with us. So that's where every new generation of chip will be helping us. I think that the new ASIC coming out later this year including this system on chip, the FortiASIC SoC.
Ken Xie: No, not much. I think one approach, we also try to help customers address also (Inaudible) really they become more moved to the service provider. So a lot of the security service provider can offer kind of a like a – whether cloud-based or service-based approach, we've recently used in the FortiGate as a best product – best tool to help them to address this new need, so we're thinking that's the approach eventually will also help customer address the CapEx (Inaudible).
Ken Xie: Yeah. I think even we say we will have the new FortiASIC, FortiOS come out, but we are not selling the FortiASIC or FortiOS directly it all goes to the FortiGate system, which every quarter we have some new product which give much better performance and also a kind of more fitting the customer need. I think we'll continue to have this approach. I think it's a benefit of some of the OS and ASIC probably take some time from, time to time customers, but even using a current solution we all have a huge advantage over the competitors right now.
Ken Xie: Hi, Tal.Tal Liani – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Most of my questions were answered I just have one question about competitive landscape, Cisco has new products and it looks like, Check Point has new products and it looks like what's happening right now in the market is pushing everyone to bring products to market. You're outgrowing the market clearly, so who do you take share from, predominantly? And is there any change in the competitive landscape, which means competitors you've taken share maybe three years ago, you're -- now we change your taking from others. I'm just wondering if you can characterize the competitive landscape that way. Thanks.
Ken Xie: I think, if you look at IDC report, we released today, it's the study just come up on the IDC, so last year we become a number 4 behind Cisco, Check Point and Juniper. But our growth probably much higher than the all these other players, and so that's mainly keeping gaining market share there. As for particularly which vertical market, which country, it's really depend, as certain country we are winning a lot of enterprise, some other country is really the service provider, we dominate. It's a whole mix, because for us really kind of what different is most other vendor we are kind of very evenly split up across the product line from low end (Inaudible) high end, and also from the region so that gave us kind of more advantage and instead to depend on one or two vertical markets or one or two region, we feel we are more stable, more smoothly keeping gaining share growth overall.
Ken Xie: Yeah, I think as that probably we have better companies really, we really try to get a long term benefit, long-term approach, whether from the ASIC chip on the technology, also it have the sales (Inaudible) now the infrastructure. So which we feel that we can – scale better and the more long-term more smoothly, instead I will just go up and down in certain vertical space, or certain region. So that's the philosophy the approach we have since we started company. How we can gradually gaining market share, overall instead of a just particular market or particular region. And I think it's a result that kind of strategy we feel we can keep on gaining share.Tal Liani – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Ken Xie: Okay. I think it's relatively new portal for us I'm not quite sure, I think probably the revenue is immaterial I believe.
Ken Xie: I think in the long term, what we see is – it's a great team and a good company we acquired and also we're working together to build a new generation of the DDoS product. At same time we also try – there's a lot of customer demand for the solution, so we also help in provide the customer their current need than the product they have in the past. I think the market in the DDoS will be a it's a very fast growing market and the strategy we have really, there's a sort of function, the main ingredient to the UTM, but most other function we probably will be putting the standalone DDoS product, which secure the whether the commerce or website of some data centre there so this is quite an exciting space and we see a lot of potential there.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes. So obviously, part of that relates to the product cost and part of that relates to the services margins.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes. I mean that's exactly correct. I mean, obviously from time to time you will have to – from deal to deal you may have to compete a little bit more and discount and try to say whether it's competition or for the customer comparing your FX related, but I wouldn't describe in significant in terms of our overall margins to that.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes. Thanks, Brent. I think I've seen a little mix what people are projecting. I think there is a couple of factors here. One is, there is some to be sensed for continuity of execution in team and just being not having big changes. Sometimes I see other companies, you have a change in organization and you have a pickup before you move forward. I think that's one as I really sit back and think about it. The other thing is, there is no question in my mind it is insecurity. First of all, it's a growth business particularly network security. And I do think you have frankly some companies that are winning and some companies not winning as much if I could say it that way. And so we are gaining share and innovation really is driving. Innovation and performance, as Ken noted, is really what's driving our business. And so I think the demand is there, but you have to go – you have to take that demand if you will. And we are leading by very consistent bringing our new products quarter-after-quarter and continue to see a message, I think that's really – that has been our winning strategy here.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes. That's always a hard one because you have good visibility for couple three months, and then after that, it's hard to see too you much. And so you based it on trends what people are seeing and so it is a general sense. But as we look at the business and the flow of business is continued to be very good, as Ken noted, we're getting a multiple customers come back to buy more. And without saying too much, we feel very, very good about our new product particularly in Q4 that will be coming out even more so than – some of the new products in Q3.
Kenneth Goldman: Yes. No, I think let me say this way, I think you don't want to be a hero in terms of guidance. I think that can get you in trouble. And so we obviously did better in Q2 as we can see than we had projected. So our Q3 really hasn't changed in terms of how we see internally, but clearly, from what you see, we did better in Q2. And so other than that, no, we are not trying to suggest anything else in terms of how we see the Q2 versus Q3 in terms of seasonality or terms of business outlook and so forth. So no.
