Ken Xie: Thanks, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call to review our outstanding second quarter 2021 results. Billings increased 35% to $961 million, driven by solid execution and was the best it has been since 2015. Secure SD-WAN contributed 14% of second quarter billings. Total revenue grew 70% to $801 million with product revenue up 41%. Product revenue growth was the highest for nearly 10 years. Free cash flow was $395 million a quarterly level. With strong business momentum we remain focused on growth. Today we have announced expansion of our FortiCare and FortiGuard security services, adding a new security service called FortiTrust. FortiTrust security service offer user base licensing that follow the user across the organizations and high security platform. This enables organizations to easily manage and secure across all networks, endpoint and cloud, which traditionally has been siloded [ph]. Initial service level have been offered for Zero-Trust Network Access, and identity modifications. We have the current FortiCare security services which cover all Fortinet security fabric product with two-level services to include 24 x 7 technical support and timely insurance revolution. Additionally, FortiGuard security service has been [indiscernible] for different segment with added individual services for enterprise found those for commercial and the packages for SMB. Not only just an industry leading AI enabled security [indiscernible] that is regularly adjust protection across the FortiGuard security fabric. Today we announced a new FortiGate - 100F the industry's first high performance next generation firewall, with [indiscernible] Zero-Trust network access and advanced number of protection powered by the Fortinet NP7 [indiscernible] SPU the sigaoffers an average two times more performance than other competitive products based on our security [indiscernible]. These make the full apps the best protection for high speed internal network [indiscernible] centers. You can even see the momentum and the adoption of our SD-WAN [indiscernible] across network access and cloud solutions among the world's largest service providers. In May Fortinet was recognized as the winner of the Microsoft Security [indiscernible] type award. Lastly, Fortinet has named Google Cloud's 2020 Security Partner of the Year, recognized for innovative thinking, outstanding customer service, and benefiting process of a car product and services. Before turning the call over to Keith, I would like to thank our employee, customer and partners worldwide for their continuous support on our work.
Ken Xie: Yes, thanks Brian, good question. I have said the industry whether during the pandemic, after the pandemic probably in some kind of a whole structure changing is no longer the traditional border kind of firewall will be enough. You have to expand into the WAN like security WAN the 5G and also internal have to do maybe internal segmentation replacing the switch with secure switch and the Wi-Fi to program now it is kind of a [indiscernible] kind of internal attack. So that's where and also consolidation also going on and also maybe have a [indiscernible] make a different powerful structure security together to protect the whole attack more to kind of attacks everywhere protection there. So that's where we will see is a big change for the whole architecture of how to architect a new protection architecture to protect the whole infrastructure security there. So that's probably different than the actually fresher traditional firewall that is the new expanding infrastructure need to be have our own protection there. So that's what we see like the program we announced today, [indiscernible] inside the high speed mobile environment to do all these kind of internal segmentation, [indiscernible] protection and all these kind of things. And then also we see very strong growth whether the secure C-band and also the 5G [indiscernible] and that's to have lot of [indiscernible] work on phone solution there. That's what is doing probably even much faster there. So maybe this is the whole infrastructure being changed. [Indiscernible] now working started coming more [indiscernible] by the boost on the price and also different kind of vertical.
Ken Xie: I think in the ramp up stage, in the early stage of ramp up, compared to last quarter probably like down about 15 percentage, this quarter grew about 25%. So it is [indiscernible] like dimension, they are kind of building infrastructure right here for the 5G, [indiscernible] and now SASE, which we have a different strategy or faster strategy actually quite a different, probably very different from our other player. And so we have a new strategy and we are [indiscernible] and are working with service provider to build in their SASE at the same time like the service revenue we will be kind of low to margin that will be there. Also we have seen some own infrastructure, if some customer don’t have a service provider or want to working without them that we also have a kind of own kind of SASE solution there, which is also in the grade with the -- for the OS, inside for the OS, they have a building SASE they trust no access and some other part. They could also come in a different, there is no competitor and eventually they also hoped they can use ASIC plus data to additional continued power to our kind of own SASE solution there. So that's where we feel is a long term investment, but once we have it, we have a huge advantage compared to other competitors.
Ken Xie: You know, we see the pipeline were strong for the larger multiple products deal, which like approach, I mean covered multiple part of infrastructure and also the product only grows like 41% is also very strong. We feel that all products we have different than the traditional are some of our competitors are using the [indiscernible] only. So we have the latest in the industry, but also we developed ASIC in the last 21 years. Just like the product we announced today, the -- based on our [indiscernible] we call it [indiscernible] region, but for the same cost was the function, performance compare to other competitor of industry average, so will have six time better performance basically like a -- because the competing part is huge from our own ASIC. And so that's what's changing the landscape of like the product what is now a security product or some other leverage basic is a huge [indiscernible] power gave us much better function and a better performance that can hugely replace a lot of our competitors. At the same time, we did see the expansion product as per market whether it will be from home or kind of a security internal work inside the company inside a data center which also plan lot of high end product loss, so the hybrid product [indiscernible] also we see public putting high maybe the highest in the last few quarters and even last few years.
Ken Xie: Also, especially the Forti [indiscernible], your beauty and your cosmetic access, and the beauty of SASE there we see strong interest in this area. Both found a service provider for enterprise by working on a solution there.
Ken Xie: We do see going forward, especially like works from now remotely. The producer license which can cover multiple devices, including the mobile home device, work for home, and also internal inside enterprise company there like a cover multiple, like a not just a 40-K that goes through to the trust network access, but also some other like a web or mail or some other application or kind of a compiler infrastructure data center, they need access. So that per user license will make much easier for the user for the customer to really use in all these security servers in a multiple part infrastructure module cover multiple product there. So that's where we feel this is also very important part. And on top of the current FortiCare, we certainly would cover all the parts that we have and also the FortiGuard cover the product need a real time update on the subscription, all these kind of things there. So we feel this FortiTrust is probably the trend in the future, but still needs some time to ramp up. Especially we see the deal trust member access setting have a pretty quick growth opportunity with which we are fully paid out to have all this built in. And also the identity how to like, kind of make sure the identity across multiparty infrastructure and easily kind of management user we feel all these two services also kind of don't get very important. It needs some time ramp up, but we do see there's a huge increase and demand in front of customer. That is also the reason we launched this new FortiTrust service.
Ken Xie: Last year, the probably more like in the rush supporting whatever can make it work in working remotely. But this year, they did definitely see the infrastructure need to be upgraded to be changed to more supporting this long-term. So that's where we see a lot of new infrastructure design and how to supporting not just work remotely, but also secure the whole infrastructure, different part of the infrastructure from their own when access to their internal segmentation. And also even the 5G or I see my own internal Wi-Fi. So there's a lot of new security architecture covering multiple part of product is more of a strong interest. And also Keith mentioned the OT is a moderate because the whether the 5g IoT OT, also that's also rather strong.
Ken Xie: Yes, we definitely see more and more customers to the benefit of the fabric, call it fabric which on multiple products, I think we make with ultimate together. So that's also making the Non-FortiGate grow faster than the FortiGate will be over a billion dollar, over a simple do a billion dollar this year. And so it is a customer, buy this multiple product most of them already, like whether they are our customer or already test them on the pod, and then just keep expanding beyond the what's the initial purchase there. So we do see the interest get stronger and stronger and the Non-FortiGate also keeping flow much faster than the FortiGate, which keep expanding from whatever the current installation base within the big enterprise. That's also the Gartner forecast. They see the integration, the consolidation starting kind of more and more important for these big enterprise because to manage multiple products from different vendors, much higher cost compared to like, that the platform approach, which can multiple products have a different part of infrastructure also using it quite often to guide at least the FortiGate fabric that we have.
Ken Xie: The Non-FortiGate, we have almost 30 products, most of them are developed internally and it's super [indiscernible] now gave up. I mean, individual product, because it is up and down quarterly, and also pretty much all contribute to the growth, we don't see any one or two too much kind of often compared with others. So that's probably maybe some time later, we can start I guess sorting things out. But at this stage, we do see, it's also dependent on a customer environment, depends on the sales support in, like some of them like have a e-mail working with FortiGate, some with website, some is employing, some is -- like access control, or some kind of sandboxing. And all cloud approach is a quite a white collar job or kind of even cover all these as like a 2020 product. So that's where it was difficult to break out and then try to see the trend, but we do see that the compliment is really to consolidate, integrate, automate approach, definitely has a huge benefit compared to our separate products from different vendors.
Ken Xie: Yes, we definitely keeping closely watching out of the chain in the industry, and also new technology auditions. But also we want to keep the innovation, not the culture we have in the last 21 years and also keep the organic growth was strong. Probably the cash level investment strategy to Keith to cover that.
Ken Xie: Irvin, good question. There are a few more and we still see more of our strong demand and also huge potential. That our product we have Integrated Security from our beginning leverage to FortiGate has a huge computing power. Part of what - FortiGate, we see a huge advantage compared to some other competitor whether using the universal CPU or some other approach, which difficult at any function because the company implementation for a low cost CPU. So that's where we do believe we will be the leader, the number one leader in IT one space size, now definitely will be strong. And [indiscernible] it will offer a kind of huge advantage, like availability, the cost saving compared to the traditional networking protocol MPLS, or some other part. And also a lot of service provider also starting kind of most focus on their IP where no 5g some other part, we used to also kind of fit in all kind of long-term bigger picture, we call it security through networking, which will be compared with today all the networking just through a connection and the speed. And the security networking will also need to look at application, the content, the device behind, the user behind and even different kind of location there. So that's where we see all these kind of security function add on top of networking has huge potential and which is to buy the security while also doesn't just one part of it, but also the secure 5G and also internal secure switch infected Wi-Fi we do see a lot of our potential to keep in using security cover the whole infrastructure.
Ken Xie: Those are growth rates we don't we haven't given a breakdown by mix for the two per product. We haven't even FortiGate a product and non- FortiGate product there's a mix we haven't given that.
Ken Xie: We do see the lot of product started going through the, lot of a new part of infrastructure or kind of a new area. And that has also like Keith mentioned, decided top five vertical, we do see the, other vertical growth faster, much faster than the top five verticals that common service provider, finance service, education type something like that. That is, but also make a money infrastructure we do see like, whether deploy on the WAN side on the whatever the [indiscernible] or some other kind of internet infrastructure within data center, or even with a home, there's a quite a broad, kind of like a buying pattern compared to before. And that also, we do believe we eventually will drive additional service because the western product round may go up and your service revenue will come in later. And also classic production of the new FortiTrust service. They feel it's all also add an additional layer of potential security survey for the future. It's definitely not definitely simpler, like I mentioned early that receives the changing of the security infrastructure. It is not kind of refresh or replace the traditional firewall, which also from time-to-time need to be upgraded, because now we'll have faster and faster, but also expanding into the new infrastructure part and also kind of a new area. We do see all kind of growth faster than the traditional microfinance surveys or some other part.
Ken Xie: Yes, also the review, the introduction of the new products that compete in part advantage comes from [indiscernible]. It's bigger and bigger compared to other competitor, which not only helping make, replacing some of the installation page, but also expanding the memory area of the internal network, high speed environment, but also has a much more function beyond a traditional network security. Therefore, VPN, like we mentioned, whether from as your partner acts as a module, like a SASE or other product like SD-WAN and the 5G security, which none of the traditional firewall has. And that's also what had additional like sales and on the product, also the future service, which is not refresh compared to the traditional firewall, which they don't have that function or don't have a company in power to keep additional function of their current performance demanding. So that's where we feel the strategy we have. That is ASIC company and part advantage and that give us additional function and additional performance, much lower costs, and starting working very well.
Ken Xie: Also you can look in the product gross margin, we actually improved year-over-year, even the cost kind of increased, but we do improve the product gross margin. And also we do believe is the product gross margin, product growth 41%, we can have a lot of a future growth in the service. That's also the reason we had the FortiCare and the FortiGate and same had FortiTrust, which we do believe we're keeping, making the future, so ending that the service studies grow faster going forward.
Ken Xie: Yes, we also did more investment on infrastructure, which kind of making the service revenue gross margin lower a little bit, but also help in the future and additional servers come in.
Ken Xie: Better the growth - and we just have some long term strategic investment, which gives us more advantage, whether from the ASIC chip, which we started with 21 years ago, or starting building other part of fabric products, which integrate ultimately from day one, comparison, or competitor, more company acquisition makes it more difficult to do the integration and automation and maintain the organic growth there. But on the other side, we do see this sort of market shift changing. We also want to take the time, like our SASE strategy, we have a private omni lender working with a service provider to feed their SASE need long term good product for them the same time building some infrastructure as a model to integrate within the FortiGate, Forti OS as a single as our products and cover also SASE that has no access or some other parts, such as the one security, making the product kind of more easier for customer to deploy and fit in the big environment, fast environment much, much better. So that actually we continue to have this kind of a lot of long term strategy, and we do see the -- like a long-term benefits going forward.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think we obviously pay attention to our recruiting and to our attrition rates. I think the metric that we gave was that our overall headcount increased 17%. I would offer that the sales headcount actually grew significantly more than that. So I think that we're in a bit of a sweet spot and it kind of relates to what Ken was saying just a moment ago in terms of the success that we're having and I think you could read through to the high end FortiGates was probably being data center deployments and probably taking advantage of some competitors that are going through a refresh cycle and at the same time some of the branch FortiGates maybe [indiscernible] visual transformation. And I think that the audience of sales people understand that and they see the opportunities there.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think that we tried to make the point in the past that some people think about the firewall somewhat complicically. We found a track close to 12 to 15 different firewall use cases. Well if you want to talk about micro segmentation, IPS, et cetera, all of those, the totality of those, the growth there was contributed more if you will than SD-WAN. SD-WAN we saw still obviously contributed very nicely at 14% of our total billings, which probably puts it close about 35%, or probably 55% growth. So I think there's a long list of things that a firewall is use for and we were very pleased with the success that we saw throughout that suite of offerings.
Keith Jensen: Yes, and then Rob, I think you did a very good job of laying all the dots to connect there. We're talking, we're looking at industries or verticals, such as manufacturing, transportation, energy utilities, or what have you. And to see the dramatic growth that we saw in that segment of business. We have, we've historically talked about our top-five, financial services, government service provider, tech, and retail, and they've been very consistent about that 65% to 66%, but we saw a significant shift this quarter. To those others, that was just the sheer growth that we saw on those others. And the point that you alluded toOT, OT performed very, very strongly in the quarter. And I think that's consistent with what we saw that vertical growth in those other verticals that I just mentioned.
Keith Jensen: Yes, this Shaul is Keith. New logos were very strong in the quarter, probably up about 50% year-over-year. And I've given numbers in the past to kind of suggest that 5000 customers that we had the quarter, obviously a very strong quarter is going to be north of that first part of the response. Second part response, you would not normally expect to see that the new customers in the initial quarter would be significant contributors to revenue, but rather contributors to revenue growth over the longer period of time. But there was a very strong performance from the new logo segment in terms of customers have signed up with us in the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Mike, I think I agree with Ken completely. And maybe just to add, if you think back about Q2 2020, specifically, at least for us, it was a quarter that was characterized probably by a lot of software. We did very well with our software in the second quarter last year. But on the flip side, anything that requires somebody to be on premise in a data center or taking on a large deployment or phased deployment or something like that, Q2 of last year, there really wasn't much of that. Obviously today, I think it's a year later, it's a very, very different environment in that regard. And I do think you're also seeing the threat environment and things like the OT, part of the business do very, very well.
Keith Jensen: I'd love to say that we're completely immune to chip shortages and such, but I can't say that. I do think that as we talked about last quarter, the fact that our inventory turns we run, hover around to, suggested that we have six months of inventory on hand. We do and then some of the chip manufacturers are pretty focused on a 52 week lead time. I think I feel very, very good about how the manufacturing operations team executed in the second quarter and how they're going about things for the third quarter for the rest of this year. I would offer that as part of the forecasting process and the guidance setting process. That has become a more significant input, if you will, into that process and making sure that we've accounted for it in terms of our estimates of any challenges that we may have was moved through the rest of the year.
Keith Jensen: This is Keith and just kind of to build on Ken's comment, I think that is the business strategy, right? If we look at our installed base of customers and see how their adoption progresses in terms of the number of fabric products that they add, over what period of time, we will certainly expect that to continue on. And then if you look in the current quarter, the new customers that we added, those are largely, those are buying firewalls, if you will, and maybe one or two things, if you will from the fabric suite. But we would expect them I guess I understand they have to digest and install the firewalls. But as we get as they get to know and understand our product and our integration strategy more and more, that we'll have the opportunity to come back in and sell them additional products and services as we go forward.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think for us, we look at our R&D spending as a source of investment, not a traditional capital allocation. But we are have historically been a buy versus permanent build versus buy company. And that is to, we feel strongly about the importance of having the platform to be integrated. You do see us doing tuck-in acquisitions, sometimes they take a little bit longer to bring to market perhaps because the technologies are things that we want to work with a little bit more before we bring them out. So I don't think that's a surprise. I don't know that precludes us from doing something larger in the future, but we'll look at those opportunities as they come up. The continuing focus will be take finding the opportunities to rebalance the balance sheet with a little bit of deploying some of the cash we raised the debt offering perhaps repurchase some, some share buyback, if you will. And at the same time also, as we look out for the next three to five years, and we anticipate continued growth, perhaps a little more investment, if you will, in our facilities footprint.
Keith Jensen: Now, I think the -- we track our attach rates and our renewal rates, if you will, within those advantages anything I let say plus or minus 2%. And I think that, you know, we were comfortably inside those brands. So there was nothing unusual in that regard. I think that the services buildings in total, we're probably have to go back and check that the best quarter that we've had in four years. So I feel so good about the both the services and the product performance in the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I don't have that number in front of me, but I don't have a reason. I don't recall them being significantly different. We've looked at them. And I'm trying to recall what we leave in the script just a moment ago in terms of product revenue. Yes, I think we've offered FortiGate product revenue growth in the script, as well as Non-FortiGate product revenue said they were both, FortiGate was 40% and Non-FortiGate was over 40%.
Keith Jensen: Yes, to add to Ken;s comments, I think it was a quarter. And it has been for a while now that we just saw a lot of tailwinds. The tailwinds included whether it was SD-WAN or OT as an example. Now, the refresh opportunity, if you will, is really an opportunity for us to review as updated displays the incumbents. Credit for net that has 500,000 customers and 70 different firewall models and we even today we announced the new firewall in our press release. You know, it's not as if, historically you've seen blips with us in terms of spikes from refresh. But on the flip side, some of the competitors and legacy players have a shorter list of customers and a shorter list of products. And maybe you're not doing as well in Gartner Magic Quadrant as we are. So we view that as an opportunity. I do think that, other tailwinds that came into the quarter. We talked about the verticals can mention it again, and also when I look at our customer sizes, whether you're SMB, to always to the global 2000 did very, very well, I think one thing that stood out for us was the mid enterprise or the commercial part of the business that came on very, very strong in the quarter as well. So I think there was a long list of tailwinds for us that that worked out in our favor on that product revenue growth number.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think what you're seeing it's all is the mix shift, right? The product mix shift versus the services mix shift, you can do some pretty simple math in the second quarter. And you can get to, when you have 41% product revenue growth at 61%, 62% gross margin, versus the services that's fairly confident 23% and 88%, gross margin, that 25%, swing and gross margin. When you take that back and you look at it 20 points or 25 point over performance and product, it works out to be just about one point maybe a just little bit north of one point on the gross margin line. 
Keith Jensen: There's no change in the discounting. Discounting for the quarter was neutral for us, if you will, we have taken certain steps as we look forward to, some of the changes in the cost structure that we're seeing from our suppliers. And we've taken certain steps in terms of our own pricing going have not actually hit yet. But they will hit in time for when we actually see those costs in our income statement.
Keith Jensen: I don't expect, I do not expect margins to decline now. Beyond what will happen with a mix, you have to if you will, between products and services, right to the extent we continue to overreact to over performance, the product line the way we just did, it's going to put pressure on the gross margin line. But keep in mind, the operating margin came in right at the high end of the range. So I think we successfully managed that. And it's certainly very consistent with what we foreshadowed earlier in the year, where we said within our framework, this was a year in which we would go towards growth. We obviously did that putting up 35% billings growth and 41% product growth, and at the same time delivering 25% operating margin plus.
