Kelly Blough: Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone on the call for joining us on this busy afternoon to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the first quarter of 2017. With me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Drew Del Matto, CFO. Ken will begin our call by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Drew will then review our financial and operating results, and conclude with our forward guidance outlook before opening up the call for questions. During Q&A, we ask that you please be conscious of limited time and make your questions brief to allow for others to participate. For those who have additional questions, we will be holding a second conference call at 3:30 PM Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our investor relations website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that on the call today, we will be making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to update forward-looking statements. Also, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on Slides 11 and 12 of the presentation that accompanies today's call. We also encourage you to refer to the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.fortinet.com for important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago, the slides that accompany today's prepared remarks, and other important information about the company. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kelly Blough: And I want to say, we've got about 10 more people lined up for questions. So if I may have to try to restrict people to single questions going forward. And then we can follow-up again on the second call, please.
Kelly Blough: Thank you, everyone. I'm sorry we couldn't get to a couple of questions. Please do call in again at 3:30 for our next phone call. Thank you. We'll talk to you then.
Ken Xie: Thank you, Kelly, and thanks for everyone joining today's call to discuss our first quarter 2017 results. In the first quarter, Fortinet delivered billings and revenue growth that exceeded our guidance, and continued to surpass the market growth rate. We continue to improve our profitability. And as we have discussed in the past, we plan to steadily increase our operating margins to create additional value for our shareholders. In the first quarter, we saw strength in the large multi-product deals, demonstrating that the security fabric architecture is continuing to gain mind-share and market-share for Fortinet. Our customer and partners recognize that our competitors' multiple point products and loosely integrated solutions do not provide the breadth, depth, performance and orchestration needed to address the demands of today's digital economy. The Fortinet Security Fabric is cohesive, multi-product platform that works together to detect, monitor, block and remediate attacks against the entire enterprise surface area, responding to our customers' need for a seamless, tightly integrated approach to security that protects all points in the network. Enterprises do not have to sacrifice their network performance to ensure that their networks are secure in this highly competitive and evolving landscape. Our latest next generation firewalls, the FortiGate 7000 series with the 7030E, 7040E and 7060E deliver ultra-high speed Next Generation Firewall and advanced threat protection in a flexible chassis-based form-factor, based on the latest CP9 security processor. Many security vendors detect threats, some prevent them with integrated solutions, but only Fortinet excel in all five stages of network security: detection, prevention, integration, performance and value. As we continue to land and expand into some of the largest enterprise corporations and government organizations in the world, we again added more than 10,000 new customers during the quarter. This brings the total to more than 310,000 customers worldwide. Broader adoption of the Security Fabric also result in increased sales in the quarter of non-FortiGate solutions. During the quarter, we were pleased to announce that several leading technology companies joined the Fortinet Security Fabric-Ready ecosystem, including Cisco, Hewlett Packard, Nuage Networks from Nokia and more. To date, Fortinet has 22 Fabric-Ready Program Partners, representing a cross-section of leading information technology providers whose offerings are tightly integrated with the Fortinet Security Fabric. This open approach enable multiple vendors' security solutions to share actionable threat intelligence and mitigation information in real-time. We are also pleased to announce early this month that Fortinet has extended the core capabilities of our Security Fabric architecture to enable businesses to experience the same level of cybersecurity and threat intelligence in cloud environments as they do in their physical networks. The latest enhancement of the FortiOS 5.6 offers customers the ability to manage security capabilities across their private, public cloud and software-defined wide area network, SD-WAN, environments. Early this month, Fortinet and Vodafone announced a new global relationship to provide next generation security solutions to enterprise customers by embedding Fortinet's high-performance virtualized security solutions and integrated Security Fabric architecture within Vodafone's core network products. Our strength in cloud offering is driving demand for on-premises implementation of the Fortinet Security Fabric. By providing the highest performance, most complete and well-integrated solutions, the Fortinet Security Fabric has positioned Fortinet as an innovator and the market leader. I will now turn the call to Drew, to review our first quarter financial results and forward guidance.
Ken Xie: Thank you, Drew. We are very pleased with our first quarter results and with the progress that Fortinet is making. The Fortinet Security Fabric is winning in the marketplace and we are gaining market share against our competitors. We believe the long-term operating model that Drew just outlined will bring the best value to our shareholders. Our first quarter results illustrate that our strategy to expand operating margin is working. And we believe our model will continue to offer improved profitability and value to our shareholders, while allowing Fortinet to remain an industry leader. In closing, I would like to thank Fortinet employees, partners, customers, and shareholders for their continued confidence and support.
Ken Xie: Yes, also the Security Fabric story also starting and hence the sales, I mean, for the cross-sell for the upsell opportunity. And also, we see the security at ISP or the security processor also starting as a long advantage over competitors. That all can help in keeping expanding the margin, also help increase the growth.
Ken Xie: Sterling, this is Ken. I think in the big environment, we don't see much change compared with the last two years. And certain vertical space like some bigger provider carrier, they probably spend more time to planning. Some agencies [ph] where they transition to some cloud, some other service offering model; other part, where the enterprise SMB with UC is pretty strong. And also, the new product we offer in the e-models, starting to ramp up pretty quickly, also helping. On the competitor side, I don't see much changed. We're starting promoting. We call the Security Fabric. We have a pretty broad, probably broader than other competitor on the product portfolio here. Not just network security, but also the other part like for endpoint with the access part, with the application like web and e-mail security, and then to the cloud. So we have quite a broad offering, so the Fabric start really help and compete better compared to other competitors. So other than that, I see the whole environment pretty normal.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think some - and some like - we also improve in the sales productivity like by two points compared to one year ago. It's 46% or 44%.
Ken Xie: Like in my script we mentioned about, we offered the best cloud and also together with the on-premise solution. So the cloud starting, generate a lot of interest. They grow faster but on pretty small base right now. On the other side, customer also evaluate - it can give them some flexibility, but don't have to - I mean, saving the cost or maybe even increase the certain risk, because you have actual data in the cloud and also have to increase the bandwidth for accessing the cloud. So there is always a sort of balance point and whether using see some cloud also using some on-premise, that's where the hybrid solution probably will be the best. So customer can like changing their like a balance point based on their need at certain point. So I think cloud have to offer certainly flexibility, but there is other part need to be considered. So that I believe the vendor side, they need to offer both. And if only one part of it, it's more difficult to meet customer demand.
Ken Xie: Yes, also the new security processor also being used by lot of cloud provider, service provider, because they can drive much better performance and efficiency policy when compared with the traditional CPU. They can easily improve the performance like 10 to 100 axiom [ph], then consume like a few percent of the power consumption. So there is a lot of advantage. And also in the SMB in the - at our branch office to access the cloud that's where the low-end we see pretty healthy growth also.
Ken Xie: I think that refresh cycle, probably, we see the buying pattern in like two years ago kind of - we call the rush buying. Now, newly the network security equipment probably will survive for four, five years. And then they start gliding [ph] the cycle there. I think a few are like under one, two, three year to go. But also the service providers, under like a lot of us being branch office, we also see pretty strong demand, and also because the cybersecurity is always the most important part of IT, the total percentage also keep increasing. So we do see the overall market growing pretty healthy. And a lot of existing customers, they also want to expand beyond just the traditional firewall. That's where the Fabric, the Security Fabric stories starting working much better than just to refresh the firewall. So basically you can cover from endpoint, to the access, to the networking side with traditional firewall doing, and also the application, and then the cloud. So that's where tie all this together has a much better solution feature compared to refreshing. So we see all these studying kind of helping the growth.
Ken Xie: Also, we starting offer the, what we call the enterprise bundle, which has more service component, but one year ago. That also started helping to see the service percentage get higher now.
Ken Xie: Yes, also there are some change in the whole environment, I think you can see in the last few years some competitor were aggressively to the marketing sales, it's very difficult to sustain the long-term. And if you - right now, the whole inventory [ph] study more look in how to be a little bit more efficient healthy model and sustain long-term, as also like we also believe this long-term model probably can would be better for the shareholder and for the company also.
Ken Xie: Yes, we have a three security processor like pretty much every year there is one new come up, because on average it takes about three year to build the security processor. So the CP9 we just mentioned like come up study helping the high end especially to 7000 series, and there is also IOC, and that's in the network processor. I think, they are not directly impact revenue, because they still needed some to build into the product, and then we refresh products like few products every quarter pretty smoothly, steady, helping the growth. But you can see the latest offer we made on a 7000 series that leverage latest security processor CP9 can help the performance grows a lot. And then we probably see the other next generation like IOC that also can easily improve the performance multiple times. That's also what keep the cost the same. That's also helping the growth a lot. But I say, while keeping probably on average one new offering or regression [ph] per year on the security process side.
Ken Xie: And also the mid-20 operation margin, we have achieved that in 2012. So we have reached a level before, and then just in the last few years, we kind of more invention of growth. Now kind of more go back to the normal and take care both the profit and the growth side.
Ken Xie: I think, in the industry for like 20 plus years. Sometime even when economy goes slow, we are not impact security that much, because if you want to keep the security. And also security is pretty sticky and is it difficult to replace, the cost could be higher.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think some of the new product like whether the e-model and also some high-end product offer to the big enterprise service provider is to help drive the growth. And also we have a quite big installation base, I think based on IDC probably like more than 25% total global installed deploy [ph] base is a Fortinet ForitGate solution there. So that's also having - keep in driving and we also keeping refresh the product, which like - said earlier like every few years, customer also need to refresh product to get a better performance more function that also helping to drive with product growth. And then the service also, because the new products offer additional function, additional service that's also kind of helping to drive the long-term service growth.
Ken Xie: That were both on the new 7000 series, also with the new release, FortiOS 5.6, offer a lot out as a function, or lastly the SDN and Network Functions Virtualization. That's where we get a lot of our feedback from the service provider, from the cloud provider, the customer which we integrate into the - both the new hardware and also the new software.
Ken Xie: Yes, also the marketing side also has and starting helping contribute in the result. And then also we offer probably the best training and the biggest training program in the industry. That's where both on the customer and the partner. And also even our own sales force side also was starting benefit from other - the training program we did.
Andrew Del Matto: Sure, Gabriela. Yes, I think we're - first of all, historically, I think a while back we were in the mid-20s. We felt like we could get back there. And if we look around the industry, we thought that was closer to a longer but term [ph] benchmark that made sense for us. We know where we made the investments. I think we've been saying all along that we like the flat model and the changes that we made over the last year and they appear to be working. And so, I think now the kind of stage two of that is really the path into driving higher productivity and operating margins over the next years. As far as revenue growth, I mean, without getting into that, we continue to want to take share. We believe our model supports doing that. Historically, we've done that and we think we can do that while also expanding margins at the same time.
Andrew Del Matto: We take variety of factors into account for the forecast, to the extent that's in the funnel, that it's weighted into the forecast decision.
Andrew Del Matto: Well, actually we picked up a little bit this quarter. I think we left in the table 16% for rounding. But we picked up about $2 million that we're going to get back. That will go back into the margin improvement for the year. I think it's just 10 to 20 basis points. I think we had a paragraph on that in the script if you will. And so, we wanted to give the overall performance back. The other thing, weighting, if you add that to the $10 million for the revenue implementation, I think you get fairly close to 200 basis points for the year.
Andrew Del Matto: Yes, Sterling, it's Drew. I would just summarize that. And that I think the consolidation theme remains profound out there. And the Fabric is clearly resonating. And the larger deals we do, it's common theme. And I think that's very consistent with what we saw in Q4 and consistent with what we'd see going forward.
Andrew Del Matto: Rob, we were talking about this earlier today actually. And we always thought that target, if you go back - I think it was late 2013. That was really the kick off for the last big I think spike if you will in the spending. And then it went on for couple of years, obviously. And that, when you get into 2018 that's four years roughly from, say, that happened and then understanding [ph] it started to happen in 2014, early 2014. I think probably somewhere in 2018, you would begin to see that click in the [four to fifteen] [ph] I think the consolidation theme probably does create an opportunity from the Fabric perspective for us. And that's really how we are thinking about this opportunity.
Andrew Del Matto: The services spike - I actually think that the answer this year is probably more due to Q3 this year. We had a softer Q3. And so, you don't see as much of the registrations come through in Q1, when you would expect the revenue to lift up, start amortizing.
Andrew Del Matto: Yes, Walter, I mean, I don't think we are giving numbers out, but I - generally speaking that's been the story for the last couple of quarters. Where we've seen a nice uptick on the Fabric, and then illustrated the non-FortiGate project - products that's doing well. We also look at the number of Fabric customers if you will. And that's been growing very nicely and nice trend there which adds to it. And then finally, the enterprise bundle again it was a very strong story in Q1, and very consistent with last several quarters. So we are seeing a lot of consistency in kind of the themes internally around productivity seem to be lifting and part of it doing just do selling multi-product deals, selling non-FortiGate products, up selling the bundle, the enterprise bundle, and so very good on that front.
Andrew Del Matto: Well, a couple of things like I did think you want to start with the top line, Jayson. So we are doing - the strategy around creating the higher margin, higher price recurring revenue streams. That's obviously coming through, you could see in the billings, and you could see in the deferred revenue. We expect that drive value to the gross margin line over time. And then as you move down in to sales and marketing, that's where the bulk of our investments, or if we go back historically that's where we want to see the productivity. And the way, you get there is some of the things you were taking about, Jayson, but really what to trying to do is give them opportunity to sell more at higher price, and so I think we are doing well on that firm, we just talked about the non-FortiGate sales and the Fabric sales. So that's one dimension of that. Then the other thing, we didn't, if you look at the pivot we made in August to really go to, what I would call a flatter very customer centric sales model. That part is working very well. And from customer centric, I mean, we are very focused direct touch reps versus overlays, and very direct SE coverage, more direct contact with the customer. We still have - we are still very focused on the channel, but we have just more direct customer touch. And that was the focus really scaling up the augment functions over time, and that's where you would have less headcount over time on those functions. We also think the marketing the go-to-market and to the marketing is working, training helps, you got higher productivity through training. We made investments there those are beginning to scale, and show fruit in terms of the Fabric sales and just the higher productivity overall. So that's really the story there, when you look down the line on R&D and G&A, you probably expect to go a little more out of G&A over time then R&D, certainly the revenue project goes away at some point for instance. And we should see those benefits over time.
Andrew Del Matto: Well, Ken, we are very focused on making sure that we look at every open headcount rack and every - the background - everyone coming in the door. And that's part of the flat structure that we are talking about were Ken and myself, and Lisa, our VP of HR are all focused on looking at every rack and every person comes in the door and there background makes sure it's fit. We also evaluate where we are, and I think the key here is you want to bring people in, you want to make sure that they are going into place, we feel there fertility and opportunity for them to be productive both near and long-term. And so that's we are really trying to do. And then balance, the purchase investments we have over time in to their roles. And last thing I would add is, when you think about the ramp of this. You want to do it in the way that doesn't create disruption, because clearly if you go too fast, it just becomes disruptive. And that's how we think about, but we really want to keep a flat organization very much, and we've been saying this for several quarters now later focused on productivity, and that is the primary driver.
Andrew Del Matto: Ken, I think the - look the answer is, you obviously want to step back and look at what's going on in the industry. But we are very focused and committed to driving the higher margins. I mean that's the model we are operating under, and again we are trying to ramp there in a productive way, if you will. We feel like, we've done a very good job of building the model, we wanted to do over the last couple of years in terms of our go to market adjustments that we've made, you will find those and then you are very focused on the higher margin recurring revenue streams, which are also coming in. so that that's what we are going.
Andrew Del Matto: Well, Michael, I think, you want to balance productivity, again disruption the impacts in the risks of disruption. We've done a very good job of rebuilding the model we believe, we pivoted to the enterprise, and that's doing very well. And you want to continue to drive those higher margins. And we are going to look at everything we can to achieve our results are better. But I think you have to be very careful to avoid disruption and I think some people seeing that recently, some others have seen that. And so I think that's part of the issue, because that's going to be very damaging both short and long term.
Andrew Del Matto: Yes. We don't - unfortunately we don't guide on product revenue, Andrew. There is the one thing I would mention is there, we try to - I think we were try to be helpful with the mix shift in Q3, and it was about - we thought about 200 to 300 basis points of product revenue is now reflected on the services line, if you think of it, it's being more software that's ratable, more metered model those appear on the services line. And then also with the enterprise bundle, you end up re-attributing through accounting more of the product up from the invoice on to the services deferred revenue and then amortizing over time. So do you measure that that's probably close to 500 bps that's really now that year-ago probably going to showing up on the product line, it's now showing up on the services line.
Andrew Del Matto: Philosophically, we were just - I think it's the next stage of the company. If you go back a few years, we took down the margins really, because we wanted to build out an enterprise sales force and a broader go-to-market model so to speak, broader go-to-market model. That took some investment. And we refined it along the way. And we feel now as we've gone through a couple of quarters here, a year past, I think reorganizing if you will the sales force in the U.S. And we feel like we're doing very well. There is also - and we felt like the maturation of the model would then provide the benefits that we were hoping for all along. And we look at that obviously. We model it. We look at the vectors of that. Clearly, the mix shift on the gross margin line is helpful. Looking at productivity and you look at the natural ramp for it over time. Also, I mean, we received a lot of shareholder feedback to be frank. And we want to make sure that, one, we show we appreciate our shareholders' feedback. And we continually focus on creating - increasing shareholder value. So we appreciate everybody's feedback, that's very helpful.
Andrew Del Matto: Yeah, the billings growth from the U.S. was very good. It was about 31%. And so, again, that's where we made a lot of the investments and whether you - when you look at that kind of near-term and longer-term that's - you get very comfortable that we start to get very comfortable with the productivity and improvements in the things we talked about in the rebuilding the go-to-market model and the refinements we made over time. It feels like the numbers indicate that that is going in the right direction.
Andrew Del Matto: And then, Catharine, we constantly engage with our cloud and carrier team. And ask them what to expect. And they continually tell us that we're in all of the top careers. We're working with them on their architectures. And the breadth of portfolio, the Fabric matters and obviously, historically, performance matters. But we can help them, whether it's virtual or physical. And the other factor that we tend to see is just that whatever - they want to run their businesses inside out, so what they're sharing - what they're using or providing to their customers, they also want to run their systems on and run their business. And we feel like we're in those top prospects, they're forthcoming.
Andrew Del Matto: Erik, we evaluate the headcount based on the value they bring back to us. So again, we're doing a couple of things. We're trying to make sure we're covering the right opportunities, both from a customer perspective and then also from an R&D perspective and then the various other things we need to do to grow and scale the operations. But we're very focused on looking at the headcount requisitions that we open and they tie to that model, that they bring back an appropriate incremental return so that, one, that it makes sense term, but also long-term. Then, Ken, myself and as I said, Lisa, VP of HR, look at every hire that comes in the door from a resume perspective and what they're doing. And I think we just become increasingly focused on - we said several quarters ago. We're laser focused on productivity. And we continue to do that and we feel like that mode of operation. That process is working very well.
Andrew Del Matto: A couple of things, Patrick, one, clearly if you think about our business and now it's changed over time, first of all our SMB channel business is fine. It's very consistent and it's been doing very well. We've gone more into the enterprise. And what happens then is you now have inherently a more - I hate to use this word, but lumpiness to the business. And it just tends to be more pushed towards the end of the quarter. And so we're trying to do our best to adjust for any of that in terms of timing and take that all into account. And any given quarter you can get one or two large deals that can dramatically influence the results. And for instance, this quarter we had the university, the deal that we spoke about earlier, the $12 million - they'll be slightly north of $12 million. And so that can happen. We're just trying to take all those things into account when we look at it.
Andrew Del Matto: Yes, I think we've done a - Fatima, it feels like we've done a great job of hiring the right people to approach the enterprise. And so, that's worked well. We don't - typically, aren't going to share exact tenure statistics, but I would say that statistic has improved since Q3 I think when we did share some. So we feel like we're better positioned and we're seeing that more consistent performance over time. And I really think that's the key driver, just getting people in the C getting them trained and the consistent performance.
Andrew Del Matto: Hi, Mike. Fatima asked a similar question just a minute ago. So let me repeat what I said and then maybe add a little bit on to that. There are various elements or parts of our business, if you will, dimensions. And so think of this SMB as being a fairly consistent flow of business, and so, that one tends to be a little easier to predict if you will. We've been more focused on the enterprise. We've been very successful there. We're seeing the uptick in larger deals. What goes along with that though is it tends to be more of the deals falling into quarter end, closer to quarter, as enterprises are very good at pushing you to that to get the best deal. And so that timing, the lumpiness and timing that goes along with that are really addressed in how we guide. We're thinking about that very closely as we guide. What I would say, there was a larger deal that we mentioned during the quarter and I think if you adjust for that a little bit and you come off of - you'll come into a more what I would probably consider a historical sequential range for us from Q1 into Q2. And hopefully, that's helpful, Mike.
