Ken Xie: Thanks, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call to review our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results. We are pleased with our very strong fourth quarter performance. Builders increased 24% to $802 million driven by solid execution and growth across each of our markets EMEA and APAC. Revenue increased 21% to $640 million with product revenue up 19% and service revenue up 23%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27%. For 2019 builders increased 21% to $2.6 billion. Revenue was up 20% to $2.2 billion and our non-GAAP operating margin was 25%. This strong result was driven by our advanced FortiGate technology with SPU and Secure SD-WAN, our integrated security fabric platform and hybrid multi-cloud offerings. Fortinet was recently named one of the top three vendor in the 2019 Gartner Magic Quadrant for WAN Edge Infrastructure. FortiGate security driven networking approach to SD-WAN offer customers the most comprehensive solution with security enterprise-grade networking capability integrate in a single box. Our unique approach has allowed us to gain significant market share over the past 12 months. With more than 21,000 companies using Fortinet’s Secure SD-WAN solution and 70% of our top-tier service provider offer our SD-WAN solution. We are now the leading SD-WAN vendors. Today, we announced the release of FortiGate 40F, the most affordable next-generation firewall with secure SD-WAN. The 40F include our new SoC4 security processor. The 40F delivers security computer reaching of three to 23 times faster than industry average price, which use generic CPUs. The traditional parameter based network security has expanded across the entire infrastructure. To the wide area network including SD-WAN and 5G and put a local area network including the Wi-Fi and internal segmentation. Fortinet ability to offer security driven networking and high-performance with our SPU technology are clearly competitive advantages. Going forward, we are working hard to ensure that Fortinet three growth engine will help us grow faster than our competition and the market overall. First, we continue to gain market share in network security driven by our SPU competitive advantage. Our SPU technology enable us to add cutting-edge security and network functionality including SD-WAN, while maintaining strong performance despite network traffic continued to increase. The introduction of the new FortiSPU like SoC4 and NP7 as well as the first FortiGate product built with NP7 to be announced later this month is expected to widen our competitive advantage. The second growth engine is our security fabric platform included hybrid and multi-cloud deployment. Unlike competitive platform that bring together loosely integrate acquired solutions Fortinet Security Fabric which from the beginning was most developed internally offer a broad automated and truly integrated security platform for end-to-end protection, making it easier for customer to consolidate a few security vendors. Third, our engineer focused culture of continuous innovation strongly positioned Fortinet for long-term growth and competitive advantage. It is at least three times the technology pattern computer competition. Fortinet IoT, OT, 5G, hybrid cloud and edge solutions are leading the transition to the latest generation of cybersecurity. I want to thank the Fortinet team and our partners for their ongoing hard work and our customers for their support. Now I will turn the call over to Keith for a closer look at our fourth quarter and full-year performance and to provide guidance for 2020.
Ken Xie: Also we do increase the sales capacity with the additional hiring and sales and marketing reaching close to 20% total headcount increase will definitely help to drive that additional growth.
Ken Xie: Yes, this is Ken. For the network security, we believe we are keenly gaining a lot of market share, because the product architecture with our own ASIC how we call SPU is has huge concrete and power and keeping adding whether security function or the networking function of SD-WAN. Even the product we announced today like that is from 3x to 23x more powerful than other competitor industry average. So this will make us keeping gaining market share. And also SD-WAN market last year is about 1.5 billion and they grow 15% year-over-year in the next few years. So we are not a leading vendor SD-WAN with the most customers and also service provider also starting adopt our SD-WAN solution. So we do believe we are also keeping gaining share in that space. So that also will help us. And that the Fabric, you can see almost double the network security growth because our Fabric is mostly internal develop and well integrated. That is more easy to like upsell, cross-sell once some product adding in and because of the other part of Fabric kind of working together quite well. So that is where customers see the benefit of consolidation. So we see that is also a growth driver. There is a few other new technology. We also pioneered and - but that is probably more long-term maybe still a few more years to see more materialized but we do - we also lead in some of the technology change in unit space.
Ken Xie: I think by moving some applications to the cloud actually helping like multi-deployment in SD-WAN. And at the same time even within the cloud there is a few research actually weather from the government and I say all come from like academia like CMU is that the cloud actually increased the security risk. And that is where even within the cloud you also need to secure the cloud itself. So that is also helping like we call hyperscale some other kind of approach to get inside the network. And so that is probably beyond the traditional - I mean the one SD-WAN side. So that is where we kind of working with a lot of service provider, cloud provider and make SD-WAN part of the total offering. And then we also understand sometime they have their own business model. We most supporting each other instead of more competing on each other. So that is kind of the ecosystem study working quite well for us.
Ken Xie: So half the SD-WAN customer are new customer, especially come from large enterprise. That also enable us to get into the traditional enterprise network security space or even the internal occupancy. The traditional parameter based network security now need to be expanded to the WAN side like SD-WAN 5G and also to internal like whether the internal segmentation switching the internal Wi-Fi. So that is where we see that probably internal even bigger market compared to the SD-WAN side. And so we see a huge opportunity especially we introduced the new NP7 so the first product leverage NP7 which is about five times faster than the previous chip NP6 will help us get inside a network in a very high-speed environment within the cloud. So that is also what drives additional growth. So I do see - so SD- WAN go to the one side and also go to internal network side, help us expand a lot of our new market inside enterprise and also in a lot of new customers for us.
Ken Xie: Yes. APAC has a pretty good fourth quarter. And also we starting to speed up some hiring there, which is a little bit behind early last year, which also can helping drive the future growth.
Ken Xie: Yes, it is a lower total cost of ownership, especially we have a one box solution compared to some other order network vendor whatever they didn’t have a two, three box one for SD-WAN and one for security, one for networking. So we have all this integrated single box. And also because the huge computing power come from our SPU security process unit, so we can easily outperform and add additional function combined all the security network function together. And still like easily like three to 30 times faster than other like a single SD-WAN function part of security box. So that is the advantage we have in the technology investment for ASIC chip give us huge computing power, not just for the SD-WAN function, but also additional security function, additional network function if we keeping adding there. So that is where the service provider enterprise see huge benefit because for them they can whether using the box to - service-based revenue of kind of helping lower enterprise total cost. So that is where we see over 70% top-tier service provider offer our SD-WAN solution. So that is where we become a leading vendor. We believe we have the most customer base starting to adopt our SD-WAN 21 selling customer companies starting using our SD-WAN which combined SD-WAN security together. And also it is very interesting. So the service we offer with SD-WAN enter the highest level service we have. So we do have like a UTM service. We have enterprise service and then that we call 360 service which like including all the UTM enterprise and class all the provisional services including SD-WAN provisioning and management service. So SD-WAN definitely helping drive the additional service, additional security into a lot of new enterprise customer, half the SD-WAN deal has come from a new customer which never bought our product before.
Ken Xie: We definitely more working closely with the service provider which we kind of are more dominant in the space and offer a lot of managed SD-WAN service and also a lot of our channel partners having more working with us is producing leaders, big city and big global city leader, so they see the benefit of SD-WAN solution compared to their traditional solution. The other thing, we probably maybe with a little bit ahead right now is really the NP7, we kind of talked about in Analyst Day. And then later this month we introduced the first product beautiful NP7 accelerate in Barcelona which also will change the landscape. This is more like a product starting to go inside the network. So that is where the internal segmentation, the hyperscale some other part of - or could be even bigger market than the wide air network, which is SD-WAN we will lead in the last few years. So that is where there is a few drivers worth keeping helping us, like I still see for more help us more in the SD-WAN in the one side is that integrates seasonal on chip. And then NP7, we are helping on the local air network in a high-speed environment. So that is where we are starting to see the traditional parameter-based network security need to expand into the WAN side and also the LAN side.
Ken Xie: Yes, we do see cloud as a part of our February offering. So we gave the customer flexibility whether they want to put on premise or go to cloud or chosen different cloud provider which we offered the same thing like a user interface the same software kind of a solution for them. And also we are working with a cloud provider service provider well and try to expand in that area. So that is one of the growth driver for us. We do believe both cloud and edge need to be working together, certain things good for cloud, certain things good for the edge. So that is where have the whole solution instead of only focus on one solution. So that is where we like what are the fabric on the cloud, the edge and other I mentioned like IoT, OT and the 5G or to be kind of working together to make it more secure.
Ken Xie: I think the Scalar don’t have the SD-WAN. And sometimes we also partnered together. And on the other side like a lot of service provider like Equinix or some other, they do have quite a broad customer base enterprise customer service provider and leverage their infrastructure. So SD-WAN definitely is a new technology solution can - like improving the service, lower the cost and that is where both the service provider and the enterprise customer all like that solution. So that is where we kind of approach from both one from end customer angle and with our own marketing force with BDR resource and the other one comes from the service provider partner with them to help in their customer to improving that lower total cost ownership. So that is where we see working with service providers one of the very important ecosystem for us.
Ken Xie: Yes. We also improved hiring in the second half of 2019, which we hope will be contributing to the 2020 growth. So that is where the sort of hiring in like a Q3, Q4 definitely we will see some sales starting ramp up to contribute in this year 2020.
Ken Xie: It is more enterprise. That is because a lot of the enterprise see the benefit of whether SD-WAN or we call the infrastructure security involved in more product in Fabric. The Fabric also helping make the deal larger. So that is where with most sales, more partner able to sell multiple products and also the SD-WAN starting at more like a big enterprise. So that definitely helped increase the deal size.
Ken Xie: The new product coming like I said, it takes us almost four, five years we developed NP7. So that is where we finally released and the first part will come in later this month. So that we will have a huge advantage compared to some other product. So that will help.
Ken Xie: Yes. Also with the two new SPU whether this is SoC4 which is working for other NP7, we have a huge computing power enhancement on the FortiGate which also enable us to keep adding a lot of new function which can also drive the service helping like a less discount and see additional huge value added with the same cost. So that also will help to improve our margin.
Ken Xie: Oh, 5G. I think it is still a little bit early. A certain vertical may be ahead of the consumer, we are working closely with a service provider, but I see is probably still need a couple of years out to see material impact.
Ken Xie: Yes, that is a very important topic, because the majority attack today now comes from inside. So that is where internal security, internal segmentation and at the same time combined with some other like endpoint security, like the company we just acquired enSilo, and also it is really so I think they are more and more important. And then also the new NP7 definitely help driving that direction inside our company network and whether segment different department or server or data source there and even per person. So that will help embed for this ransomware attack.
Ken Xie: Probably most starting from go-to-market together. And then we are also working on some other more deeper partnership including certain products - sort of other service offering, but it is a market starting off a good partnership.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think the - when you look at our longer-term model you are probably looking more at Gartner growth rates in terms of what you expect to see from SD-WAN what you expect to see the network firewall. And what you see - and what you expect to see in the Fabric. And I think the guidance is certainly within those ranges when you factor in our historical ability to outgrow the market. I think as you get - if you pull that in particularly to say the first quarter or even the current year, it is much more based upon the pipeline. And when we look at the pipeline and the opportunities that we see in the pipeline it clearly supports the guidance that we have just provided.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think the math of DSO. We picked up about a day from the acquisitions. That pretty much puts us back in line with what you would expect normally. I would offer my experience in high-tech and the Christmas holiday season is always very busy. I still think Fortinet’s unusual.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think what I’m trying to do is parse out the fact that in the benefit to gross margin there was really three pieces to it. Indirect, which I would attribute to economies of scale that we are seeing. We have a large warehouse facility that we acquired a number of years ago that and I think that is a fairly permanent benefit on the indirect side. On the direct side, I think the operations team does a very good job of each quarter working down the average direct unit cost. And then the third component was ASP. And I kind of broaden that conversation if you will a talking point. The last quarter I attributed to discounting. And the reason for that is, I would put discounting as a component of ASP, but I also want to give some credit to the ability to the company if you will to maintain a somewhat normal price list changes you have from time-to-time and not giving up those back - giving those back in discounting.
Keith Jensen: Yes. sorry, Ken, I didn’t mean to jump on you. I think in Germany, I think it has been a balanced growth throughout the quarter. I think we came into the quarter with perhaps some concerns given the economy there in Germany. But the diversification that we see within the country I think paid off for us. I think in the U.K. to answer the question very specifically, when I look at the pipeline in Q1 versus what we saw in Q4, I feel very comfortable to comment about it returning to positive growth in the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I think just a follow-up on Ken’s comment about the 30% of the SD-WAN service providers. I think we probably saw particularly in the first half of 2019 was a little bit of hesitation from the carrier and the service providers and maybe at a little to the MPLS revenue stream. But we have certainly seen a shift in that thinking I would say over the last three or four months.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the way I would probably respond to that question is the way we look at it in terms of adding sales capacity. And there is probably two key criteria that Ken and I talked about. One is we want to see somebody a sales leader whose demonstrated performance. So when you give them more resources that they are going to be able to execute with it. And two, that they want that additional responsibility. Now luckily we are in a very good position where that crosses geographic lines and across these verticals. But I think that is more of the playbook that we are after right now.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think very good questions. We tried to cover off in the prepared remarks that a reminder including the fact that our comment before was that from 2020 through 2022, we expect to average at least 25% operating margin during that three-year period of time. And that first and foremost that has not changed. The other data point to keep in mind in the commentary was that the M&As that kind of hit in the tail half of the fourth quarter, the drag in operating margin in the fourth quarter was about 0.5 basis point. And the drag for the next year when we have full quarter operations, it is going to be about one point of drag. And so one way of looking at it is taking our operating margin at the midpoint and then adding that point back into it.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Fortiguard kind of go back to some commentary from the Analyst Day FortiGuard is about 85% of FortiGuard are bundles, security bundles. You can add to that some stand-alone security services if you will. You are also going to get - when you are trying to model it, you can also get a lag effect of when you see high product sales say higher in 2018 than they were in 2017. Those higher product sales in 2018 are going to attach service contract, which become revenue in 2019. So you are going to get the lift in 2019 from the increase in product sales in 2018.
Keith Jensen: Yes. There is nothing different in terms of modeling it other than just maybe when the quarter ended, how payables got paid. And obviously we will get collected. And so your premise that basically to put words in your mouth, don’t look at the one quarter, but look at it over time, you are right.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Good question. We spent some time with that actually recently looking at it. And I think if you start looking at 2018’s linearity by quarter that is probably a pretty good idea of what we think - 2019’s linearity. We have got a pretty good idea of what 2020 will look like at least in terms of how we are modeling internally. So you are probably looking book ending the year with starting off at say at 21% and ending the year in the fourth quarter with maybe 29%, 30% kind of a model. And in between where our model where Q2 and Q3 tend to be very close together. So you are probably around the 24%, 25% number for both of those.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Andrew, this is Keith. A good follow-up question to Rob and to expand on Ken’s comment. I think when you look at where the large deals are coming from I would probably say there is really three sources for those. One is the SD-WAN that we talked about. Two is the large distributed enterprise that you are referring to. And then the third is yes, having success inside the data center and displacing incumbents. And I think each of those are contributing to the growth that we are seeing in million dollar deals.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Keep in mind we probably have 70 or 80 different firewalls on the price list at any one model at any one point in time. And then also add to that that when introducing a new product doesn’t necessarily mean it is going to have a significant revenue impact to a given point or to a given quarter. I think I won’t overplay the new products having an impact on gross margin, unless we are doing a lot of them all at once and they are coming online. I think if you go back to what is actually to the extent you are talking about product gross margin and I think you were in your commentary, I made reference to three components. One is I think the indirect benefit is here to stay given the economies of scale. I do believe that the direct benefit Ken made reference to it with the ASIC advantage will continue to manifest itself into our pricing and into our billings. And then thirdly, I now have two quarters in a row whether you want to call it ASP increases or holding line or discounting. I’m not going to commit to say that that is going to be forever. But I think those are the components that we are looking at in terms of our modeling of gross product gross margin going forward. Lastly, if you are looking at total gross margin, it is really a mix shift as well where at the moment we are probably modeling a little more services with higher margin than we are with products at this point in time.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Yes. I’m reading my email. I saw something this morning from one of our sales people talking about. Very exciting times are coming in the U.S. Fed. But I think really what you are seeing in our model right now is really the diversity in our federal business, pardon me in our government business, which includes some benefit from the U.S. Fed, but also state local and international governments.
Keith Jensen: Yes. The real estate spending will probably run between $150 million and $160 million all in next year.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I think it is probably just a little bit early to talk about rev rec. The press release is that, it is in the last 24 hours.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think we actually included in the guidance service revenue for the year. So I think that will probably give you a pretty good visibility to it, in the prepared comments.
Keith Jensen: I think we saw a very good performance. Many, many Geos, I would count the U.S. as being a very, very strong Geo. We also did very well in our emerging markets in the quarter. It was strong, I gave you the revenue number, which is a pretty good indicator. But I think really, if I were to call out in terms of where the strength was in the quarter. I was very pleased with the U.S. in our emerging markets.
Keith Jensen: And I should - pardon me, I got to mention on the TAM also we did a great job again. I’m going to get in trouble and they did a very good job.
Keith Jensen: I think there is if I’m understanding the question correctly, I think there is a very high correlation between fabric customers and FortiGate products. It is fairly unusual for us to sell a fabric product to somebody who is not a FortiGate product customer.
