Ken Xie: Yes. Brian, this is Ken. That's a good question. We also closely monitor watching the whole since change in the space. Basically so that's where we're keeping promoting we call secure-driven networking. And also that's the concept we try to the thinking we have in the last 20 years. So, you can see the definitely the SD-WAN starting -- come to the networking side and probably in the next three years can grow over $20 billion. So that will be huge. We want to be the leader number one in the space hope to target next year. And at the same time the security is at Zero Trust concept starting to get very popular. So, we need to make the whole infrastructure very secure. And also the work for home also starting changing a lot. Like in early this year once the pandemic just started and people -- enterprise just try to see how IT can supporting work from home. Now, they're starting to try to see what's the long-term solution whether some service-based SASE or some other way they call the home is the new branch right? So, that's where we can have the FortiGate installed in the home can manage much broader device. It can also like traffic shaping like many different priority for different application, different users and at the same time can secure the whole infrastructure that sometimes they also call the SD branch solution. That's where managed Wi-Fi and manage other switch other networking equipment altogether and also even the printer or the other home appliance. So, that's we're starting to see. Some -- even some big enterprise or some -- working with whatever service provider some companies started offer the employee because this is what they call the new branch. They not only give them some kind of FortiGate planning, but also including the internet access including like whether 4G, 5G, 3G, 4G, 5G or some other things altogether. It's kind of a packaged solution and to help them secure it they call them the whole infrastructure security. So, that's why we see both kind of approach. So we're closely working with service provider, whether to the service base SASE or to this kind of a whole infrastructure security approach, but the new branch – home's-the-new-branch approach. So it's definitely changing the whole environment. So the security no longer just secure the gateway the border and we expect the whole infrastructure. And at the same time, the network also need to be more application awareness, like based on application like SD-WAN, or some other based on the content like there are certain content and provider also starting to add in the security space. So that's what keep us saying the secure-driven network is starting to kind of ramp up quickly. 
Ken Xie: Yeah. We acquired OPAC last quarter, and we're working together to make it the whole solution for the SASe. Also, we work closely – working with a lot of service provider, because we do keep it same for a few years. The service provider has the best position to offer a lot of service. So we help them. And also FortiGate is one of the best platform they can build whether within their POP or even extend into the branch or extend to – inside the company. So it's a good change in the space.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. No. We still see very strong interest and no competitor comes close to what we have. So we see that it's more than double year-over-year. And also we are the only one who has two Magic Quadrant both on SD-WAN also the network firewall come for the same appliance. And at the same time, it's 13% of last quarter's billing, but we have a huge installation base. A lot of customers even enable that one. We are not quite even confident on that one. So we believe we are a much bigger user base about like -- we call secure SD-WAN solution. And also going forward, I'd say the work-from-home also will be helping driving this whether you treat home as a new branch or whatever this kind of solution. So we feel we have a market position technology and also the only one build internal organically and also have ASIC to accelerate the performance on average about 10 times faster than any other competitor. So that's where we see is a huge opportunity. And the market grow like 50% year-over-year and we grew more than double year-over-year. It's -- we keep gaining market share. 
Ken Xie: 5G so far it is more connect to the device than connect to the people like 3G, 4G in the past. And also it depends on the vertical industry. And we're also leading a lot of our OT/IoT security. But also, like when work-from-home could be also a good back half for this like WAN access. But it's -- so we see quite a lot of successful case on international right now that seems more a little bit ahead on some of the 5G deployment and also working closely with the carrier service provider. Like I said in the last quarter earnings it's kind of growing faster than we expected and probably still on a very small base. But we do believe next year could be material the 5G contribute for our growth. 
Ken Xie: Yes. I think, FortiGate is a very important part of SASE because they are the best firewall or SD-WAN or the other things can be positioned within the pop or sometimes we can working with service provider to use the FortiGate to be part of their service their solution there. And at the same time, we also do believe sometimes you also need to have a kind of a different approach like appliance can be in the home or can be in the branch or can be in the -- within the data center and the secure its traffic. So that's where we see FortiGate as a very good platform for keeping expanding we call the -- whether the whole infrastructure security or secure-driven networking, including both inside SASE POP all kind of secure the other part of infrastructure.
Ken Xie: Yes. We offer the most the best pricing performance and also more functional SD-WAN than any other competitors. And SD-WAN is the probably one of the fast-growing area also one of the biggest market potential. So there's multiple research say, would be reached over $20 billion in like five to 10 years probably even bigger than the network security. And that's for us, also we want to combine these two together. So you see the same platform for both. So that's where compared to other competitor, which is only the software approach or sometimes even to weather the -- we call the universal CP or loading some other appliance. So we have this ASIC-dedicated hardware and plus like -- both in the low mid to high-end range can be within the POP or go to the home branch or go to -- within the data center inside the cloud. So that's where we see it's a huge advantage compared to other competitors. And also from the Gartner Magic Quadrant from the growth we have and we do believe we'll be the number one leader in the space.
Ken Xie: There are some related to the new NP7, because -- as compared to NP6, they improve in the performance by almost 5x and also now can process like a 200-gig traffic per ship compared to the 40 gig and also more function there. So that's where we're starting to roll out the new NP7 with -- NP7 product only go to the high and middle range. And at the same time we do see certain vertical also help drive some high end like the finance service, some government sector, which they mostly buy the high end which has a less impact by the pandemic. Maybe Keith has other point.
Ken Xie: But the deal over $500000 has increased a lot right? And also compared to one year ago. Q3 last year we grew -- one year ago we grew $1 million deal quite a large number. So that's a very small comparison. 
Ken Xie: We're keep gaining market share quickly in the firewall market. But also I believe going forward, we keeping saying this for a long time. Almost since beginning of -- we started the company 20 years ago. So the new networking will be more secure-driven. So instead the networking routing switch all about connectivity and speed they need to make sure they can give with application. That's why SD-WAN is application based on the routing networking and also they can deal with all the content and also user device level. That's all security handling. So that's where we see probably the traditional -- whether the traditional network security which is on a security border or the traditional networking probably also need doing some transition change. So the network security is still about $20 billion market probably. And the traditional networking may be $70 billion, $80 billion market. But they probably will starting merging and transitioning change. We feel we're leading this changing. And there will be -- we're also in very good position very good technology to really address the new secure-driven networking. 
Ken Xie: Yes. Because it's a huge benefit for forward and the price of some other customers even including the home user consumer to us SD-WAN as it costs probably more than a 50% cost saving. And also they offer like how to manage multiple links among different kind of application and because the fixed connection whether the MPLS or some other one has a difficult time to manage like different application based on different cloud or kind of a different dynamic environment. So SD-WAN is the technology they can manage the traffic based on different applications even different content or some other security need as FortiGate's doing. It's a huge benefit for the user. That's driving the growth even during this pandemic. And also we believe the long-term work-from-home can also quickly expand into a lot of consumer home user base. And just try to improve in the service supporting level from that angle, we should be working with a lot of service provider or some big enterprise right now.  But as a long term we do believe they may change in the home networking space. It's just like whether you can software define or whatever application or content-based networking which can offer a lot of additional benefit compared to the fixed network kind of VPN access. So it gets a lot of customer interest. That's the reason the market grow like 50%. And I believe probably I don't know how long maybe 10 years or could be sort of longer eventually we do believe half of majority of the whole networking space mainly this kind of SD-WAN approach based on application content without the traffic. 
Ken Xie: We only need one FortiGate replace our router out of security or the Wi-Fi access controller all these kinds of thing. It's a single device as a multifunction can replace like a three, four, five device including router, including the SD-WAN and including the security gateway, VPN and then also the Wi-Fi controller. 
Ken Xie: Yes. And that's where you can see sort of vertical whether retail or whatever we still see pretty strong growth. I think I believe Keith mentioned maybe grow 40% something like that. And also the bigger potential is really the home is the new branch. So that's we're probably even bigger. But that's still in early stage because you still need help in the home user to manage some of that. I know service a lot of service providers right now are working with us, but at the same time certain enterprise also try to do that. 
Ken Xie: Yes. The ASIC gives them like almost 10 times more computing power. So that's where they can add like a security function manage other like Wi-fi some other device and at the same time can process traffic much quicker and can also like working with service providers some other one make sure that it's a total infrastructure security solution. So that's a huge advantage compared to the other software approach which they have a limited CPU computing power to many whether security or SD-WAN or some other like the platform which can only handle single function compared we build this for the ASIC versus FortiOS can handle multifunction replace multiple device. So that's where we see as a huge advantage. 
Ken Xie: I think both branch can fit into different environment. The thin branch sometimes it can stop certain mobile device issue. And the thick branch also can process the things locally in the real-time a lot of application need that. So the FortiGate is more like a POP in local whether in home or whatever in the office or it's in the POP and SASE environment. Which you can see how they process the traffic within the SASE infrastructure. That's how our FortiGate is the key point to really get this processed. So that's also because our -- it's an advantage. We have huge computing power advantage over other approach, which give us a kind of much better performance also lower cost. So that's where we had the flexibility converted to the appliance and on-premise or can be the virtual fit in the cloud or be part of the POP/SASE solution. So give us the flexibility and also can extend beyond some other competitor, other players can do which -- because if they're only limited for the software approach, they can only sit in certain server within the POP in the data center. So we can extend beyond that one go to the edge, go to the home and go to a lot of even other remote location. And that's also kind of using my quote from the Gartner is really -- so in the next few years that's what comes from Gartner research. They say the edge and the immersive technology will replace in the cloud and mobile. So that's where you see you need to have more computing everywhere in the real-time application environment. So that's where we developed is ASIC and all these different technology to working with our different service providers or different kind of vertical space to address this issue, especially the infrastructure keep changing with 5G with all this like. That's where the ASICs have more advantage compared to the software-only approach.
Ken Xie: It helps on certain enterprise, but we also have a much broader sector and also the geo diversity. It's probably now that -- depending too much on the Magic Quadrant. But it's -- and we also have a -- like because -- like the new Magic Quadrant only come on end of the quarter. It's come up in September 30, the last day of the quarter. So I don't think…
Ken Xie: Yeah. Sorry, I don't think we can't get that much business in the last day of the quarter in Q3. But it's helped probably more going forward.
Fatima Boolani: Thank you for taking the question. Keith, I have two for you. Just looking at your outlook and your billings guidance I wanted to unpack that a little bit and get your sense of where you are being a little bit more cautious relative to the performance quarter and how we should think about some of the puts and takes into the guidance that implies a deceleration from the third quarter performance you just put up? And I have a follow-up as well. 
Fatima Boolani: Fair enough. And just a bigger picture question for you. As I think about the complexion of your 2021 margin profile, if I look at 2020 you're head and shoulders above the sort 25% operating margin watermark that you've spoken to historically. So I'm wondering, as we think maybe longer term over the next couple of quarters what are some of the structural versus temporal impacts on the margin trajectory from here considering the pandemic trade-off and some of the acceleration you've undertaken on the sales hiring front? I would love to parse through that out with you. That would be really helpful. Thank you.
Fatima Boolani: Understood. That's very clear. Thank you. And since I have you, Ken a question for you just around the SD-WAN discussion. From a product standpoint, I think there's a debate that's brewing between the thin branch architecture versus a thick branch deployment architecture within the SASE paradigm. So I'm wondering how Fortinet is positioned in the former. So in the thin branch arena if we think about the thick branch environment may be under potential duress in an increasingly uncertain macro environment. And that's it for me. Thank you.
Keith Jensen: Sure. Look, I think it's shown 2020 has shown to be a very interesting year for setting guidance. Q1 was very, very strong. Q2 was challenging. Q3 is a nice bounce back. It's really a function of watching media reports almost on a daily basis in terms of what's happening with the pandemic whether – what we see happening in the U.S. We can also layer into that the U.S. election, but also what we're seeing in Europe. And I think in the current environment, I think the guidance does a pretty good job of trying to reflect our current understanding of the pandemic.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think the – to kind of start top-down on that I think the product gross margin and probably why we made reference to it in the call being over 60% for I think five quarters in a row. There were some periods of time there it was probably in the higher 50s. We like very much in terms of the structure that we're seeing in terms of our pricing and our cost structure and gross margin. And even as we continue to introduce new products, hopefully, we'll be successful at that 60% gross margin number. And as you kind of move your way down to the income statement, I think it's really a sales and marketing conversation in terms of spending. Clearly, we're continuing to get the benefit of not having salespeople travel and not – the financial benefits excuse me of having salespeople not travel as well as marketing programs being virtual. And to the extent that the world stays that way we're going to continue to get that benefit. Now, obviously and I think we've talked previously that we're very committed to use this as an opportunity to bring in more salespeople. We talked about our head count growth of 23%. Hopefully, that we timed this right such that when those newer salespeople are coming online they're fully productive. It will be around the time that they're adding to the top line at the same time travel and marketing programs revert to historical norms. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. Shaul, it's Keith. I think Ken's spot on with that. I think if we look forward in terms of the opportunities what Ken is referring to is look I think there's still the opportunity in front of us to -- to help the service providers unpack their existing relationship with their incumbents on the SD-WAN side and that's something I think we're very focused on and as we start to see the SD-WAN is a critical component of SASE and the cloud on-ramp. So I think to Ken's point that market is going to continue to expand for us. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the U.S. -- well there's three components to the Americas -- Latin America which is a very difficult place currently. And we saw that in the numbers. We expect a difficult quarter of Latin America. And we've certainly got that. Canada on the other hand has actually done fairly well throughout this. It's just a different footprint in terms of the pandemic. To your specific question related to the U.S. I think the U.S. did much better in the third quarter than it did in the second quarter. But clearly I would not say that we're at pre-pandemic levels for the U.S. There's still opportunity there for us. 
Keith Jensen: Flat. Consistent with what it was a year ago. Nothing to call out. So I guess the way to give that color I think we felt a little more pressure in the second quarter. We do not feel that same pressure in the third quarter. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. We had a little housekeeping to go through with a subset of our FortiCare contracts. Historically and this goes back many years, we probably should have been recognizing revenue a little bit sooner starting the amortization period than we had been. So there's a little bit of a pickup on quarterly FortiCare service revenue. Its range is very small. It ranges from 0.1% to about 0.5% of revenue for any particular period. When we file the 10-Q there'll be a long footnote that shows every possible period and so forth. But that's all just a little bit of housekeeping to pick up some revenue there. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. Matt I -- Ken's spot on with that. I think he's probably being a little bit humble, because I think really what's going on is because of the ASIC strategy and what he's built he's been able to increase the capacity in the firewall ritually each and every year. And it's a matter of how you use that capacity. Different SD-WAN vendors have different pricing methods. But for Fortinet it's embedded in the operating system and firewall. We do not charge for it separately. When you purchase a firewall you receive the SD-WAN functionality. So I don't really think that -- and certainly, we did not see anything in terms of our discount as we talked about that suggested any sort of change.
Keith Jensen: No. I don't think so. I mean it's a pretty darn good definition. Billings is really defined as being revenue plus or minus the change in deferred revenue unless you have an acquisition or something like that. There should not be a difference there.
Keith Jensen: No. I think I would point the 1100E -- 1100F, excuse me. Yes. The product that's been out here for about a year now and it's done very, very well. It performed extremely well in the third quarter and I think it's been ramping up as we expect typically with the high-end products.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think it's a very good question. We came into the quarter looking at the pipeline and actually had a little bit of risk, I thought because we had a larger mix of larger deals. And then when we got through the quarter, obviously, that -- the mix actually shifted on us a little bit. I mean, we've all read reports that maybe in general that deals are getting a little bit smaller and what have you and maybe that has something to do with it. But I really don't have good information in terms of why -- what ended up -- I mean what you get every quarter always differs from the pipeline. I don't know why is that particular item different this time. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. And Ken makes a very good point. In fact if you look at deals of over SD-WAN deals over $250000 those were up well over 200% year-over-year. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. We've been right at that, despite what maybe some other competitors expected to see one year 1.5 years ago. I think we've been very consistent throughout that time frame at about 25, 26 months. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. It's not -- if you go back and look at the phrase very closely we're not talking about U.S. Federal. We're talking about government which for us is more international government as well as local governments. U.S. Fed is not a large part of our business. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. Well pipeline is probably the biggest input to the guidance setting process right? And there's all kinds of different ways of slicing and dicing it when we go through that whether it's deal size whether it's new logo versus an existing customer whether it's a new deal versus a renewal deal or what have you. And I think that clearly the pipeline supports the guidance. 
Keith Jensen: I think you're talking about deals from Q2 that delayed. Do they come in the third quarter? The answer to that would be yes. We were pleased with what we saw. Well, we were pleased with what we saw in July in terms of the start that we got in the quarter. 
Keith Jensen: We talked about our midterm range of being we want to have 25% operating margin right? The strategy remains the same balancing growth and profitability. We started the year believing that we would tilt towards growth. As we went through the year, I think the pandemic obviously impacts the ability to grow in a couple of those quarters. But longer-term, we still believe it's a balanced strategy towards balancing profitability and growth. We do believe there is an opportunity for growth no doubt about it. 
Keith Jensen: Sure. When you have some housekeeping going on Fatima, I'll jump into. This is Keith. You can have one or three things. You can have something that's so small you just run it through in the current period. You can have something so large that you restate the prior period financial statements. You can have something in the middle, which is called a little R where you're going to recast financials. That's what this is. That $30 million when you see the 10-Q will come out of the opening retained earnings back in December 31 of 2017 I believe it is. And just from that point forward that the amortization starts being corrected. So internally, we have the information for you to actually track right now with the billings recalculation of that you need to see Q2's number as recast, right? And that's not in the financials that you have, right? So $30 million came out of deferred revenue three years ago for something that's been going on for many, many years in this small transaction type. And it finally became large enough to correct, right? The number that we reported is based upon recast revenue and recast deferred revenue for billings.
Keith Jensen: Yes. That's why I gave the quick sound bite earlier that the quarterly impact to revenue typically runs for each of the quarters that we looked at between 0.1 points and about 0.5 point of revenue. It's a very small item in any one quarter. 
