Ken Xie: Thanks, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call to review our third quarter 2019 results. We are pleased with our strong billings product and service revenue, operating margin and free cash flow performance in the third quarter. Contributing to our strong third quarter result were our advanced Forti SPU-driven FortiGate technology, integrated security fabric solutions, hybrid and multi-cloud offerings and a significant adoption of our secure SD-WAN solution. Total revenue was up 21% to $548 million, and product revenue accelerated to 20% growth. During the third quarter, Fortinet was named a leader for the third consecutive year in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Network Firewall. This recognition validates our advantage enabling enterprise customers to create a security-driven network, that delivers integrated and automated security to all network environments. Today, Fortinet announced the release of the new FortiGate 60F, the most popular and best-selling desktop next-generation firewall in the industry. The 60F leverages Fortinet’s SoC4 SPU that enables secure SD-WAN. It delivers Security Compute Rating for threat protection, SSL inspection and next-generation firewall performance of 4 to 47 times faster than industry average appliance. The Security Compute Rating compares the performance of our Forti-SPU enhanced appliance with industry average solutions in the same price range utilizing generic CPUs for networking and security capabilities. 80% of WAN age solutions need security and IDC estimates that WAN edge total addressable market will increase from 1.3 billion in 2018 to 5.2 billion by 2023. Our secure SD-WAN solution clearly outperformed in the quarter. According to Gartner, in the second quarter of 2019, Fortinet ranked the third with faster growth and 11% of SD-WAN market share. This fast market share growth validates that our FortiGate solution with secure SD-WAN is clearly resonate with enterprise customers. Traditional network security border are dissolving as mobile, cloud and IoT technologies change the way people work and the volume of data they needs to secure. Edge computing require high-performance secure networking capabilities and 5G rollouts are in the early stages of providing mobility innovation and with demand low latency security solution. As a leader in hybrid and multi-cloud as well as edge security, Fortinet’s ability to offer security driven networking and both edge and cloud security with low latency and high performance is a clear competitor advantage. Going forward, we see four drivers for market share growth for Fortinet. First, our refreshing portfolio of FortiGate with new Forti-SPU has a huge Security Compute Rating advantage compared with all other competitors. These FortiGates will continue to in lead the transition to security-driven networking and secure SD-WAN adoption that will allow Fortinet to gain additional market share. Second, Fortinet’s Security Fabric allow us to offer a broad, automated and integrated secure solution for end-to-end protection as customers consolidate towards fewer security vendors. Third, Fortinet’s broad range of hybrid and multi-cloud solutions enable us to provide security to the cloud and from the cloud. And fourth, Fortinet is well positioned to lead the transition to 5G and IoT security as a result of our Forti-SPU technology, which provides a huge advantage for embedded and integrated security with much lower cost and faster performance. On Monday, we announced acquisition of an endpoint security company, enSilo. The acquisition enhances Fortinet’s security fabric offering and strengthen our real-time automated detection and response capability around endpoint and edge data. I would like to take this opportunity to welcome enSilo team to Fortinet. On November 18, we will celebrate Fortinet’s 10-year anniversary as a public-traded company. I want to thank the Fortinet team and our partner for their ongoing hard work and our customers for their support. You have all contributed to our great success. Now I will turn the call over to Keith for a closer look on our third quarter performance and our guidance for the fourth quarter and then full year.
Ken Xie: Yes. Also because, like I said, 80% enterprise customer in SD-WAN with security solution. So that’s why we’re the only one can integrate security and SD-WAN together in a single box. So that’s a huge advantage. And also the computing power, we call it Secure Computing Rating, which gave us huge computing capability, so we can easily add additional function, whether on security side or the network side, just like even with SD-WAN alone, the performance is much better than any other competitor. And for them, [indiscernible] computing power can really add any other function, whether networking, security, that was kind of a huge advantage going forward.
Ken Xie: It’s kind of a little bit different market position. Secure SD-WAN relate to the WAN-age transition. That’s probably provide much like a software-defined, most smart and reliable way, low-cost way to access the enterprise, access the cloud. So that’s where driving SD-WAN adoption. They grow almost 50% year-over-year in the next few years. And then I think whether Zscaler or Palo Alto [indiscernible] secure access, more about access some of their cloud or some other part, which if you look and by Gartner data, so by 2023, so security and security – could security is about a $4 billion market. And network security, including secure SD-WAN is about $28 billion market. So it’s 7 times larger. So that’s where network security is still the big – a much bigger part compared to overall infrastructure security. So that’s where we are the only one, we offer both on the cloud side and we do have a similar solution, but we more prefer working with service provider for some kind of a secure access, all kind of Zscaler type of solution and we’ll treat them as a partner. On the other side, we do believe, whether we call a secure driven networking or some other change, which make them integrate network and security altogether, like SD-WAN, like the Wi-Fi, like the 5G. So this is a much better solution and also enable our kind of technology advantage from the – because of security process unit compared to the other secured solution more used in the general purpose CPU, which has a very limited security computing power to process both the security function and network function. So it’s a little bit two different approach, and we do believe our approach address much bigger market and also with a fast growth, fast transition and we’re positioned quite well compared to any other competitors.
Ken Xie: You can look at today’s press release, we announced the FortiGate 60F and also introduced the concept we call Security Computing Rating. I mean you can see we have a secure computing power capability probably like from 4x in some of the – like threat prevention, to like 47x for some networking session, concurrent session, or SSLs and other part. So that’s where we have so much computing power in this what we call SPU, security process unit. They do have like a generic CPU embedded inside SPU, which can perform any, whatever new function we needed. But we also kind of making a lot of secure computing function when they built into that chip. That’s where, by industry standard, they have a seven-year advantage easily like close to 100x faster and about the same cost. So that outside advantage we have is really the computing power in a security function, the network function, thus enable us to easily add like SD-WAN function, the WiFi function, the 5G function and also most security function compared to our competitor. They can only leverage the commercial available CPU, which we also leverage that, but we do use an ASIC to enhance that and also build – it is together. So that I feel the competitor has some difficult time to catch. And building a chip need a multiple year effort. At the same time, in today, we have almost 30% of our total global unit shipment in home network security. So that’s also the economy of scale also that’s in play. So I feel we can feel this. We can count more than half of the total unit shipment in the home network security space. So that also will be making any competitor have some difficult time if they don’t have the economy of scale to catch up because building chip, you also need a big investment in the beginning. And then once you have the quantity, the average cost can get lower. So we have this investment almost 20 years ago when company started. So that’s where all almost 20-year effort investments that enable us to easily add additional funds, whether in the networking or in the security. Because what we see like in my script is ready, that the border – the security border disappear. So at this time, the enterprise refreshing is different – totally different than like what happened in six, seven years ago. Now on the next-generation firewall is intrusion prevention as a mother, replaced the first generation connection base of firewall. So this time, the border is no longer there. So you needed this internal segmentation. You need to kind of secure the server, the department of data and also, you need to secure the one connection. So that drive us to make sure we call the security driven network and also the fabric approach to secure the whole infrastructure. So we have this kind of an investment prepared in the last like 5 – 10, 20 years. And we feel we are much better positioned than the competitor, whether they try to do an acquisition, which will be more difficult to integrate. And also without kind of a dedicated ASIC chip, so they don’t have computing power to add additional function there. So that’s the advantage we have from all this long-term investment, also the planning we have.
Ken Xie: I believe our service provider do grow in year-over-year, probably like close to 10%, but slower than the average growth and overall company growth. The service provider, kind of not just Fortinet, but like you can look in the networking company, they all kind of slowdown. I believe they’re in a transition plan. I think that, like I said, service provider, there’s just two-part, probably Keith can help out. One is really the service provider offered a security service to their customer. The other part is where a service provider secure their own infrastructure. So the first part, service provider offer service to the customer side, we don’t see any slowdown. But they do kind of try to see how to deploy some other service like Zscaler kind of service to leverage their position, their connection, their data center to offer some other service. So we do see that ramp up pretty quickly. So that’s what’s making our space more competitive. And service provider, because they have infrastructure, their own infrastructure, so they have a huge cost advantage compared with some new player, which they have to build their own data center or have to buy the bandwidth, which has a huge cost that’s making them profit more and more difficult. And the second part for secure their own infrastructure, that part we do see some kind of a slowdown. And whether – because they try to – they’ve got like a different cost structure of 5G or some other part. But we do believe that will ramp up probably next year, because we do see a lot of testing, evaluation, and we do participate in a lot of like backup announced a design that the future infrastructure together.
Ken Xie: We have a much better total cost of ownership, TCO, compared to any of our competitor. If you look at – that’s why we’re using this Security Computing Rating to compare. You can see easily all causes of a fraction of any of our competitor have to perform the same like security function or support, right. So that’s where – so we don’t see, like in the next few years, maybe people have got any of this advantage compared to competitors if they really want to compete in on the cost on the performance side and also on the security. Because they’re much more computing power, we can enable much more security function and also go much deeper in a security function than any of our competitors. So that’s where we – you can see the margin. We’re keeping improving. And for us to grow faster, it’s really try to have like most sales coverage, more marketing coverage. And at the same time, like working closely together with the partner, with customer to follow the change in the whole industry. And whether the fabric approach or security driven networking, internal segmentation, the 5G and the OT security, so there’s a lot of in there we’re working right now, we believe will benefit both our customer partner in the next 5 to 10 years.
Ken Xie: I think we do have some like our own endpoint solution. So this acquisition will help us enhance that. But our approach is more like driven by the network security part, which is FortiGate, which is a part of fabric. We still have a more close partnership with Symantec. At the same time, on the go-to-market strategy, we’re also working more closely together. So they do have a much bigger coverage in the lot of enterprise and then we have more coverage in the network security. It’s a win-win partnership, will benefit both company.
Ken Xie: Actually, for the secure web gateway, the West market, a lot of them, to access all this at the same time, you do need to have at least one connection there. So it’s actually helping both. And at the same time, you look at a lot of other like player, so because they don’t have a – they don’t have the device on the premise there, like I say, the networking side and the cloud side is a totally different concept. The cloud cannot replace a network. They need a network to access the cloud. At the same time, from a user angle, they probably need to use like the Secure Computing Rating to measure whether the cost or how deep the security they can go and also how the performance they can get. Because sometimes, when you forward data to the cloud, that data is also starting to become less secure, whether you cannot encrypt during the process forward of the cloud cost or Secure Computing Rating much worse compared to some points there. So that’s where they need from the total cost ownership and also total security angle to address with an architecture approach they have. But I do believe that there’s both side have their own kind of advantage. At the same time, I don’t think that both side is already kind of at each other’s market share. It’s a little bit different approach.
Ken Xie: We’re more like supporting a service provider offer similar solution. Because the service provider, they do own a lot of data center connectivity infrastructure. And in the past, they offer a little bit different kind of service, whether using the appliance or securing the data center. Now they also can make half or certain whether they call the process to secure data in the data center or some other approach, right? So that’s where we’re most supporting service provider, give them the flexibility, what kind of a service, what kind of a way they want to offer, we’re also supporting behind, whether by forwarding the traffic data to their data center. The process, or they want to process locally on edge and leverage the other part, like a clean pipe or some other way to approach. So we do offer them multiple solution for service provider, depending on service provider and their customer need. So that’s just Mike, Zscaler type of service just one type of service, and service provider offering right now.
Ken Xie: I think the one side, you see some time when you sell a part, there for certain competition, whether on discounting or price competition. But on the other side, because we have a huge computing power SPU, so we can easily add additional function like SD-WAN, which are able additional service. Our service tend to have a much better margin compared with the product. So that will help. The other trend we see is really, so we call the fabric approach. So the multi-product selling together. That’s where the fabric grows much faster than a FortiGate path. That’s also making the sales cost, the deal size get bigger, so that also help improve the margin. So that’s where we do see some time, when there’s less competition, you may compete on certain product pricing. But overall, we’re keeping improving the margin by additional service, by additional product bundled together.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think he has a pretty good – I think we’ll probably go through more detail even with some sales exactly – or even for a customer to present together in the Analyst Day in the next couple of weeks.
Ken Xie: SD Branch may be referred to some branch SMB part, which they more prefer like a single box, easy to manage and at the same time can extend into the WiFi, some other networking area. So we do see that also growing together with SD-WAN approach, but it’s just a subset of the total infrastructure approach we have and – but we do see, like – is the other part, whether the fabric and the SD-WAN, some other part. It’s kind of like a concept we call secure driven networking. And that’s where we – in the big enterprise, you need to do internal segmentation. But within a branch, you probably try to consolidate some kind of different product or different solution together.
Ken Xie: Yes. The SD-WAN function is included in the FortiGate. It’s part of the FortiOS function there. So that’s where – so the SD-WAN is not counted within 26%. It’s other non-Fortigate part. I think one problem – SD Branch probably helped a little bit. But SD-WAN is always in the FortiGate.
Ken Xie: That’s where we see we have a multi-cloud, hybrid cloud and also like a more consistent offer, a broad offering for customers, whether they use an appliance on the enterprise or whatever, or go to the cloud or virtualize it. So it’s really a broad offering, consistently give the customer flexibility, whether they want to deploy the function on-premise in their plans, or they want to deploy in the cloud. And we can easily move back and forth. But also while interesting, we did some calculation, you see we call this secure Computing Rating. So the cloud offering tend to have a much higher cost compared to our on-premise offering that we have using whether like an ASIC approach or some other approach. And that’s where – but some of it, probably because customers want to have certain flexibility or the management, usually, they may still chosen not. But we can easily point out to the customer, it’s their choice and we offer all these broad coverage also on the multiple cloud provider or other function we have, like we have almost 10 different products. You can buy whether appliance or you can buy and virtualize on the cloud from FortiGate and FortiManager, Analyzer, sandboxing and same, there’s quite a broad offering we offer to customer to give them flexibility to select whatever they want to deploy.
Ken Xie: They are all, we call, the fabric partner. They’re working together quite a while and working all together well and also have a very successful go-to-market approach, just like the same thing we did for the FortiNAC, a company, a Bradford Networks that we did about one year ago. So that’s where now we have close to 100 partners, 100 Forti fabric partners. So that’s where probably, we all need to starting from that angle first. Make sure we can work together first.
Ken Xie: So that’s probably the major part of it, but also our small part is also APAC, they tend to sell a little bit more low end, and then we do have some kind of product transition. That’s where some service provider, some partner, they wait a little bit, like when we announced the 60F today, make it available right away. So that’s where we’re helping because the new generation will have a much better performance and about the same cost.
Ken Xie: They’re improving. So you can see last quarter, Q3, we do add more headcount. And – but there’s some region, certain verticals still behind, like Keith mentioned, APAC. So that’s where we’re keeping improving there. And I think with more sales capacity, with more marketing coverage, we can grow faster.
Ken Xie: It’s pretty interesting, quite a few of our acquisitions are very similar. They have a great technology. They have a great team there. But then they need much more investment for go-to-market. So that’s where we kind of tend to like these kind of companies so they can leverage our sales force and also customer base to quickly help them to improve in the go-to-market side. At the same time, we also want to make sure we can integrate well together. And so we don’t want to create too many different micro product approach, but integration is very key. That’s where we most study from the Forti fabric partners side first and make sure we can integrate, and then that’s where the decision we made. And we do believe they have a great product regime.
Ken Xie: I think there’s multiple angle from the technology product side. We feel all solution product technology fit better for the changing for the trend. Like I said, the security border disappeared in enterprise, so you need to go inside, add internal segmentation. You also need to expand in the WAN and also working with service provider for the other cloud approach, mobile approach, all these kinds of things. And then the fabric, also, we – because all fabrics are most of products we build internally, it’s integrated, automated from Day 1. It’s worked much better compared to some other competitor. They have to all depend on acquisition. And so that’s really helping the enterprise, overall infrastructure security and also making the deal like larger and also most sticky with the customer.
Ken Xie: Also, we kind of more invest in the sales team and also the marketing approach there. That’s also helpful. So it’s really like additional sales coverage and more focus in enterprise. And also, we have a better internal tool to tracking whether the enterprise account coverage or the sales productivity. And so I think all these different parts are helping improving enterprise sales.
Keith Jensen: Fatima, it’s nice to hear from you. Kind of a number of topics in there. I’ll try and recall each and every one of them. I think – look, I think, if you look at our product suite of FortiGates, we have about 75 different FortiGates, firewalls, that probably compares with some other people that maybe are closer to 15. Why that’s important? You assign some sort of life cycle to those products and you pretty quickly come up with the idea that we’re refreshing our products at the pace of probably eight, 10 or 12 a year. I think we’ve become fairly good at it, and I don’t – and I think part of that being good at it means both in terms of how we manage our inventory, but also how we manage that transition with our customers. I’m not going to comment specifically on ASPs, other than to say that I was very pleased with the trend up of ASPs in the quarter, and it’s been a very consistent upward margin ASPs overall. I would attribute some of that to the fabric products, which are driving, when I talk about ASPs, total billings for a solution, if you will. And I think that’s contributing to our ASPs. And I probably missed something else.
Keith Jensen: I’d probably point to Gartner had a report out, I think, in the second quarter that noted that our market share was 11% of SD-WAN. And I think our market share a year ago was 0 according to their report. I think there’s some information there that you could look at.
Keith Jensen: Thank you, Keith. When you look at free cash flow, yes, real estate does come into play, and we expect a fair amount of spending on real estate next year. I think at the Analyst Day on November 18, I think the internal conversation here is whether or not we want to preview not free cash flow, but at least the real estate spending for 2020, excuse me, I maybe misspoke a moment ago. Look, I think that you’ve kind of just nailed it in terms of we’re executing fairly well on the working – on the capital model. Contract terms are holding fairly firm for us. How we pay our customer – or pay our vendors is holding fairly firm for us. So then it’s really just a matter of continuing to manage our inventory, continue to grow your billings and then watching the margin drop through to that cash flow number.
Keith Jensen: I’m not going to – I’m going to just pause on getting closer to guiding on free cash flow, if I can.
Keith Jensen: Yes. No, I think that’s a good question. The renewal rates not only in total were very consistent, but also by those two different product lines or service lines, both FortiCare and FortiGuard. In terms of the services, we continue to see the UTM bundle of services perform very, very well. And we continue, and it’s been going on now for a few years, continue to see the shift, the support side from 8x5 to 24/7, particularly on new deals.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Melissa, I think Ken’s spot on. I think we’re looking at two different pieces of it. One is selling to the infrastructure and the second is the MSSP. I think that selling into the infrastructure, 2018 for a variety of reasons, probably. And for many companies, it was a very good year for people selling into the infrastructure. So 2019 is probably suffering a little bit, just by comparisons. And then the second part of it is the MSSP, the Managed Security Service Providers. I think we feel very, very good about what we’re seeing there with our telcos, both in the U.S. and internationally.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Melissa, I would just add to this – to that. It’s Keith. Discounting in the quarter was clearly a tailwind for us. We’re very, very pleased where we ended up on the discounting spectrum year-over-year.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Discounting was across the board. I think we got a fair amount of lift out of the Americas on it. But I saw it across the board, both in terms of geographies and across product offerings or product suites. I think it really brings home the notion that, and Ken alluded to it, for security effectiveness, security performance, security power, for what you’re paying for a Fortinet solution versus what you’re getting, we have a competitive advantage there. And so the discounting part of the conversation should, and I think we saw in the quarter, hit our competitors who are going up against us more harder than it hits us.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think it’s – we had "contributions" to the gross margin from the discount, but also the deal mix that came through in the quarter. We also had, as some of our products have matured, you tend to get cost savings on a per unit cost. We saw that trend continue through the quarter. And we also had a bit of benefit on what we would call our indirect product COGS, things like reserves and so forth and overhead. All 3 of those contributed to it in the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think only slightly because we anticipated that we were going to get asked about it. I would offer that U.K. and Germany were slightly below the rest of the company in terms of total growth. But again, given our diversification of business, it’s not significant enough to have really any sort of impact on our growth rate.
Keith Jensen: No, SD-WAN has got no real impact on the mix, if you will, of the business between FortiGate and non-FortiGate, if that’s the question. And then in terms of the contributors in the fabric suite of products, it’s the same it’s been before, which is FortiManager, FortiAnalyzer as well as our virtual firewalls.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I mean we talk cloud not only with the cloud providers, but it’s also private clouds as well that we’re providing solutions to.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think that – I guess, that’s going to give us something to work on in the fourth quarter, right, bringing Asia Pacific back to a healthier growth pattern than we saw in the third quarter. Probably a little bit of hiring lag for the first part of the year. I think, by comparison, we feel very good about the conversation we had at the beginning of the year about needing to get to the U.S. and the Americas team focused on hiring, and we see the results of that. So I think we’ll spend a little time with APAC next quarter.
Keith Jensen: So when we talk about government for our business, you keep in mind, it’s international governments and it’s some U.S. federal, but it also includes on the U.S. side, state and local governments. I wouldn’t say that there’s anything driving out of the U.S. Fed business that’s impacting our business one way or the other in terms of deal sizes.
Keith Jensen: We didn’t provide it, but I would say that what we’re seeing most recently that unit shipment growth is moving right in tandem with product revenue growth.
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think, Ken – the concepts Ken’s talking about, the security value is clearly at play here with the enterprises. But also, as Ken talked about in his prepared remarks, being in the Gartner Magic Quadrant now for three years in a row has really served to open up the door and getting us invited to RFPs that five years ago, we probably didn’t even know exist. And I think we’ve become pretty good and benefit from then following that up with things like NSS Labs certifications and recommendations, too many S in that, I’m sorry. But that third-party testing, if you will, I think once you’re in and you have the opportunity, you’re offering them these recommendations from third-parties together with our security value does indeed make a fairly compelling opportunity for us.
Keith Jensen: Always good to have a GAAP conversation to close the call. So thank you for that. Yes, there’s no difference in the accounting for it because you’re selling a FortiGate appliance that has embedded with it a whole bunch of different functionalities, one of which – SSL would be one as an example. Another would be SD-WAN functionality. And so you recognize the appliance upfront. All the appliances, well, I shouldn’t say all, the majority of the appliances attached out of FortiCare, FortiGuard security subscription with them. And so that part of the deal is allocated to deferred revenue and then recognized over time. But you still receive on the FortiGate, the appliance. We’re still recognizing that revenue upfront.
