Peter Zarkowski: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Mr. Peter Zarkowski, Vice President of Investor Relations to Fortinet. I'm pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the third quarter of 2021. Speakers on today's call are Ken Xie Fortinet's Founder, Chairman, and CEO, and Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer.  Is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor Relations website. Ken will we get our call today, providing a high level perspective of our business. Keith will then follow with the financial and operating results, for the third quarter before providing guidance for the fourth quarter and updating the full year.  We'll then open the call for questions. During the Q&A session, we ask that you please keep your questions brief and limit yourself to 1 question to allow others to participate. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that on today's call we will be making forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.  Please refer to our SEC Filings. In particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K Form 10-Q. For more information, while forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. And we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.  Also our references to financial metrics that we make today on today's call are non-GAAP, unless stated otherwise. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations is located in our earnings press release and in the presentation that accompany today's remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website. Lastly, all references to growth are on a year-over-year basis, unless noted otherwise. I will now turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Zarkowski: As a reminder, during the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question to allow others to participate. Eli (ph), please open up the call for Q&A.
Peter Zarkowski: Thank you, Eli. I would like to. Thanks everyone for joining the call today. I know you have a lot of calls this evening. Really appreciate your time. Fortinet will be attending the following investor conferences during the fourth quarter with the Wells Fargo Conference on November 30th, the NASDAQ Conference on December first, second, the UBS Conference on December seventh in the Barclays conference on December eighth is events was presentations will be webcast and links to the webcast will be available. Well on the Investor Relations website of fortinet at investor.com. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out. Have a good day. Thanks very much for your time. Have a good day.
Ken Xie: And thank you to everyone for joining today's call to review our outstanding third quarter 2020 web result. Billings increased 42% to $164 million, exceeding our $1 billion in quarter $2 billion for the first time in Fortinet History. Global to $2000 billion growth accelerates to over 50% total revenue growth 33% to $857 million with product revenue up 51%, our highest quarterly product revenue growth since going public in November 2009, with very strong business momentum, which remains focused on growth.  According to Gartner, the negro parameter is fragmented with many security team and the tools are producing cellos. And integration best operated solution, only add to the complexity. To address this challenge, Gartner is predicting that by 2024 optimizations that adopt our separate security mesh architecture will reduce the financial impact, of the individual security incident by an average of 90%.  In a recent report, Gartner called out, Fortinet Security Fabric as a platform that offers cybersecurity mash architecture approach. Fortinet is helping customers softening the issue of capacity through our security driven networking as security fabric platform, our approach for  for the basic offers factor 10 ton most security computing power. These results in tightly integrated functionality with better performance, lower cost, and power consumption compared to agenda CPU.  Or again, late the run-up it 40 Fabry solution like email lab and end-point together with FortiGate, firewall, offers much broader protection. While you integration at a better automation than other competitive solutions. As solutions continue to consolidate towards a powerful approach. And as  secured expand to local ad a wide area network to the walk for any aware environment and to the cloud.  Fortinet is strongly positioned to significantly capture market share of our projected total addressable market of more than a $174 billion by 2025. We are confident that this trend together with our -- relented this focused on organic innovation will drive better-than-industry average long-term growth for Fortinet. Walk from anywhere is here to stay.  The COVID-19 pandemic has greatly expanded the walk for anywhere . According to Gardner, authorizations are facing a hybrid future with 75% of workers seeing their expectation for working flexibility has increased. Today, Fortinet announcement industry most completes solution to enable organization to secure and connect warfare anywhere.  Our unions fly Fortinet, broad portfolio of Aviva Trust, endpoint, and network security solution within the Fortinet security fabric. Fortinet delivers security that follows user wager on the load and home are in the office to provide enterprise grade protection and the productivity. The 2021 Gartner magic quadrant for 1AG infrastructure address announced.  Fortinet was once again named the leader, placed -- highest ability to execute at a rent number 1 for Gray mode, Wolchok in critical capability. The leadership SD-WAN, Fortinet and of our rising recently are not the expansion of their wireless and global outfront with Fortinet secure SD-WAN. The solution is designed to provide enterprise on the business market customer. Was a converged networking security solution box to secure and connect war for nowhere.  We continue to see momentum and adoption of our secure SD-WAN when 5G board SDB branch and the cloud delivered SASE solution among the worlds largest of its providers. These service providers, including AT&T, which is Ted accounting kind of foreign IKA and others. We plan to announce in the coming months before turning the call over to Keith, I would like to thank our employees, customers, and farmers worldwide for their continued support on our work.
Ken Xie: Brian is a 10  I feel we are little bit better position compare to competitor. First, it's why we have the quantity much louder than our competitor. We are probably like a 3x compared to the fiscal on a unit shipment, maybe  pulled out of some other, which gave us better negotiation power be similar to supply, and also will manage all these more directly compared our competitor  some sort of party.  that's given us better visibility and also can act quicker earlier. Second, we have quite a broad product line. Bolstering the FortiGate and also NAMA FortiGate is an easier for our customer to go to the next line of products has a similar performance and then all running the FortiOS in FortiOS. So it's a more easy to use in some different product to sell better some of their product shortage.  And also, we have a great team -- operation side. And the same time, we have a culture more than less than a long term both on their inventories and market sales compared to our competitor. To me, some even   5, 10, 15 years ago, we tend to keep some more trade to me customer urgent needs. So that's actually been for that supply chain issue.
Ken Xie: As you can see, both of FortiGate and also Non-FortiGate, all revenue growth like, 50%. FortiGate is small really to -- because like, a whether the internal SEC communications to protect all these read somewhere or go to the when I stick us, you went.  And also the Non-FortiGate more tied to the story, the fabric Fortinet security fabric, which is also Gartner sat in promoting the core cybersecurity mash architecture, which can reduce the financial costs of our single event by legacy, 90%. I think that this falls contributor for the gross, like a key said. And also some vendor consolidation, we see some smaller vendors starting got weaker and weaker. So we do see some market share gain here also.
Ken Xie: We do see this trend it's not slowed down. Well last for probably a few years. What are we close security driven network in our secure fabric, which really we're helping the enterprise or service provider to look at better security and the customer obviously. So far be back see anything slowed down. We feel we're well positioned to keeping gaining market share.
Ken Xie: Yes. Keith is the global to solving, growing over 58% and also the last , is  made like an active year before. In some peak end up price in some service provider set in paying off.
Ken Xie: I think it's all claims to all like the long-term ASIC strategy which add a lot of performance and the more function, and the same time cost lower, and then low  also. That's where the security setting expands inside a data center inside Company, internal network, and also the wan side.  I see 1 5G. We also see a lot of driving for that end goal. So it's really selling expense for the whole infrastructures instead are traditionally just security Internet border. So that's how the much people total addressable market sometime because secure driven networking. But it's really a most suspended market and has smart strong security.
Ken Xie: Also, the existing customers keep expanding . Something like security plus structure approach, like adding to one side, I see 1 5G and also expand with the internal segmentation and Wi - Fi security data center security. So that's what I can boast about. I do see probably maybe more come from the cost keeping expanding their security infrastructure.
Ken Xie: It's a new market. It has a lot of potential supporting work from anywhere. That's where we partnered with LNG sales and which has down in home networking area for quite a while. And we do believe it's a -- eventually a lot of reasons if it's all these IOT are modest in connect online.  And also a lot of our workforce and school from  is kind of since there at all when neither Security, which we combined with the network security while endpoint security and also the clouds amount SASE. So we do feel it's a big long-term potential. But as it's a not quite. I mean that -- the business actually ramp up quickly, but it's an eventually will contribute more revenue for the Company.
Ken Xie: Yes. We work carefully increase the price based on how cost increase, which also supporting by some our partner and at the same time. Because we have much better performance price ratio, and also more function, especially on the 40-k side. So we do feel we have more room to address by some of the price, and still, customers do like the product. So soon probably we do some price increase. And we'll just offset the cost increase. And we'll get margin back online.
Ken Xie: Yeah. The big enterprise, the Global 2000 that contributes some high-end growth. And also on the product we have fresh  And I think in the last 1 to 2 years, we also refresh a higher-end. You've seen the latest ASIC for MPS -7, which has have 5 x better performances and more function compared with the previous MP6, which I see the high-end we probably were scratched like, maybe 80% of the  is already. So that's also we said in benefit some of these refresh we made in the last 1 to 2 years.
Ken Xie: There's some contribution from SD-WAN. But it's the 5G steering the ramp up stage. I don't see much, but I do see the huge potential.
Ken Xie: It's probably one of the biggest marketing investments we have been made, but definitely see Barb worse except for advance will result. A lot of customer and a lot of pun that, really appreciate all these -- fully that champing PGA had a beer.  And also we using it as a platform to bring different customer upon altogether, to share, communicate their experience and also to the training education. And so we do see this is already helping a lot of the marketing sales  we have and also generate a lot of  put in this way. Is more successful event.
Ken Xie: That's where what do we call Fabry on mash. We see put his strong demand from a customer and we both increased the amount repurchase also the customer about that anything new multiple products, Fabry are matched solution. So that's where we Canadian few hall restaurant growth sound non-op 40-k. And Also we said we'll can be assemblies provide a carrier on the SaaS east and modest solution. You eventually will also benefit broader customer base.
Keith Jensen: Thanks Brian and I don't know that anybody knows all the answers to the questions that you articulated at all. You thought I'll give you some color as well. I think we saw a little bit of supply chain pressure in the second -- in the third quarters I alluded to, but obviously the number's nothing that was terribly noteworthy.  I do think the guidance that we've given for the fourth quarter is appropriately conservative, if you will, in terms of what we see for supply chain or what we would call backlog in the fourth quarter. I think we feel good about the guidance that we've given. I think the -- if you look at the general tone and what we're hearing from our operations team. I think there is sometime in the third quarter where every day was very dynamic with them.  With people calling and them having to scramble about component matters and contract manufacturing commitments or what have you. I'm hearing less about that at this point, that's probably very early on. I would also offer that, the backlog or supply chain first appears for us in some of the fabric products, the Non-FortiGate. And I think that'll continue on a little bit into the fourth quarter.  And probably also gets -- before it gets to some extent in the fourth quarter as well. Getting out to 2022, I think everybody is kind of in the same boat and trying to understand when we're actually going to see something to tell you real market improvement -- mark improvement. And I think we'll probably hold back commenting on that for the next several months until we get closer providing guidance for that, for the next year.
Keith Jensen: I would just echo what Ken said Tal for -- but I think the threat landscape as a hot topic of conversation in all quarters of other world have seen right now. And it doesn't seem like that's going to abate anytime soon. I think the needs -- what can and team have built here with the body security and network -- networking speeds is critical.  But I think also this platform of our gardeners now call it, calling the mesh architecture -- cybersecurity mesh architecture, I think consistent with partners all the reports about, the percentage of companies we are looking for consolidation, I think Ken's commented on that, and how that's going to continue to increase it. It's certainly seemed to those tailwinds, are poised to continue to exist as we get into 2022
Keith Jensen: Keep in mind for us, the government is a worldwide name when we talk about it. So it includes some U.S. Federal, international governments, also state and local governments, etc. It has been a very strong vertical of ours for well over a year, if not 2 years now. And I certainly don't see any reason that just on that basis that it was slowed down.  And I think if you overlay that with investments that, Ken and team are now making, particularly as it relates to the U.S. Federal team. I think there's some opportunities for us is to explore and exploit hopefully as we move forward.
Keith Jensen: I think what we're -- and I hate to give compliments to my peers. But I think what we're really seeing here is really starting execution from the sales team. I think we came into this conversation and feeling that we had a very strong product suite. But I think the sales team has done a stellar job. And we talked to them about the same question you just asked me. Whereas if coming from?  I can hear and then the confidence and when it comes to Display's website. There's certainly no competitor that, they're afraid off. I can -- I can hear them articulate back the platform strategy, the land and the expand strategy. I can see them using some of the tools and products and technologies that, we've invested in -- invested in them.  And they're leveraging them, I think very successfully. So I -- going with a question going back, I think that, Tal have asked about, and we used this term before, a rising tide lifting all boats. And I think, we saw that in the quarter. There wasn't a weak geography, there wasn't a weak -- a weak product sweep, and I think everybody performed very strongly.
Keith Jensen: I think the metric I would give is 6,000 new logos. I think that, I'm going to go back and say, I mean, the  the execution was very strong across-the-board. Did we -- was there penetration, greater penetration in our installed base of customers? Absolutely. No doubt about it.  But at the same time, that's two quarters back-to-back now that we've added 6,000 new logos, and I know some of those are small enterprises. But we're getting the at-bats that we've always coveted. And I think coming with more at-bats, I think you were seeing stronger execution as well.
Keith Jensen: I think the -- I would give a general comment in terms of where -- who is the market share gainers and who are the market share donors? I don't think there'll be any surprises. I've actually -- the mentioned names in terms of, who I thought those were. In terms of distribution, I think when you get in, particularly in the U.S. market with a large enterprise focused distributors, you've got a -- as a Company, you've got to invest in time and bring opportunities to them and demonstrate that, you have a superior product, a superior offering.  And I think that, the team has done the heavy lifting on that. And I do believe that, we are getting more momentum, if you will, from those large U.S. distributors that, maybe we did not have previously. So I think there's some of that. And then I think we've continued to invest in both the sales and the marketing. We knew all along for several years now that, we needed to improve our coverage in terms of  accounts that we're assigned to wraps.  And the people that we're bringing in from outside and that, maybe had more of an enterprise experience unless of a channel experience, etc. So I do think that all those things have combined and are demonstrating the success, as you pointed out, G2000 growth at over 52% and accelerated for the last three quarters.
Keith Jensen: I think it's not as big as SD-WAN but growing faster. But also, I don't think we're -- I think that it's reached a point, if you will in terms of size that we're comfortable and we think its worthwhile making sure that we share with people outside the Company with those growth levels. If you combine SD-WAN and an OT together as a percentage of billings, you're going to get to something. I think that's over 20% of our total billings.
Keith Jensen: I would add to that, Jonathan, the -- one of the metrics that we look at in the third quarter, which is our ability to hold the line of the price increases, which were largely effective on August 1st. I'd say largely because you have to give notice to your channel partners, which is appropriate. And you can imagine them taking certain actions to get orders in the 1st month of the quarter, if you will.  So it gets a little bit distorted that way. But we do look at our ASPs and wanting to make sure and are discounting that, we're not giving back that price increase, if you will. And overall, I think the headline is that, we think we were on the direct product line. I think it was secretive to the margin in the quarter.  And I emphasize the direct, because as volatile as it is, predicting things like expedite fees and sometimes, freight prayed as well, can come into that line. So I think overall, when you factor in direct and indirect, we're probably in a wash for the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yeah. I think the Non-FortiGate mix is something on the order of about -- we talked about this before, something we were at 30% to 40% of that is Cloud or software. And the remainder will be a hardware form factor. As I mentioned in the call, I think the first place that we saw supply chain pressure in this third quarter, was in non-FortiGate, more specifically around switches and access points.
Keith Jensen: I would come over the topic and completely echo, and what Ken had to say. I've just -- I'm shocked at how enthusiastic I am about how that event came out. Whether we look at, what we call whitespace names that, we got from, say SMP 500. The percentage of attendees that were non-customers, and it was sit with us on one-to-one sessions and hear more about our story and the household names that were there, it was fantastic.  I think the branding with the marketing team pulled together with that, together with Silverado Country Club, was extremely successful. And I think also, it goes back to some of the comments we made earlier in the conversation. I think it was -- it really struck Fortinet at the right time in terms of its call its maturity, right? I think that the team here was, really in a good position to execute against that.  I was in a customer meeting yesterday here in Sunnyvale, with a very large Company that come to the event. And so it was a follow-up. And there have been other very large companies that have come to our ABC events here in Sunnyvale. And just in the first month and a half after the event, I'm just really impressed with what the guys did. Guys and ladies between.
Keith Jensen: Again. Look, I think what you're seeing there is supply chain. And as I said earlier in the conversation, that I think they -- we've been appropriately conservative, I hope, in terms of how we guided to it. To unpack that, just a little bit, we do with our sales team, and we manage things on a bookings basis with them. And then we put that up against what we have the ability to ship.  If I look at just the bookings number and we had a long internal conversation about whether or not that's a metric that we should provide in this time and decided not to. But if we look at just the bookings number, I would say that, it's a very strong indicator that the business is extremely healthy, if you will.  In terms of customer buying behavior there's always somebody getting in line early, if you will. That they have longer-term deployment or what have you. That's not new and maybe a little bit of it in the third quarter, no deal is over $10 million or they are the largest deal with probably seven or eight or something like that in the quarter.  We have seen in the fourth-quarter things where customers I'd say they are getting line orders. They've got deployments where our plans for deploying in 2022. And they want to make sure that, they're trying to time, when they are actually going to need the product and when the product is going to be available. So I have seen early in the quarter, a few companies exhibiting that behavior.
Keith Jensen: No, absolutely. I think that would be a very prudent thing to say, with the supply train environment that we're in, I'm not just going to take the -- I can't just take the absolute booking number to shift, but I think there's been a fair amount of internal work around that if you will, now, on the other side, it does give us more predict more predictability as we come into 2022 of this behavior continues. So we've had in the past.  Backlog or bookings has not been something that -- Ford as a Company has really had reason or cause to talk about. And I don't know that as of today that we do. But as we get further into the fourth quarter and then moving into 2022, that maybe something that because of the predictability that it helps with, we may be talking about that next year.
Keith Bachman: Thank you very much. I was -- wanted to direct this towards Keith. Keith, as you think about the billings guide, what you're suggesting EBITDA high-end, the billings' sequential growth would be about 13% in the past 2 years, you've grown billing sequentially, about 28%. So obviously a little less on the guide. I'm just wondering if you could just give us some color or thoughts around that.  And in particular, is that a reflection of -- was there any kind of pull in that you think about on the billings, were customers concerned about not getting product? And/or is it reflecting some of the concerns you previously mentioned about are we going to have enough of the supply chain availability or product availability I should say. And therefore, we might need to tamp down a little bit in Q4. And then I have a follow-up if I could, because Peter told me I'm allowed to ask a follow-up.
Keith Bachman: We're hearing that a little bit from the channel, not the lead times, because they're getting out, customers are ordering early in more. But it sounds like what you're saying, essentially you are concerned about maybe the billings number reflects some -- you might not be able to make all shipment demand and so that's reflected in the quarter from -- I hope I'm not putting words in your mouth.
Keith Bachman: Okay. And my Peter -sanctioned second question then, is if you talk a little bit about the non-FortiGate mix. And I know you mentioned that in one of the previous questions, but how do you see that changing over the course of the next couple of quarters, if at all? And I'm not really talking about a supply chain constraint, but just on demand related pools.  As customers may look as they're deploying that incremental 6,000 customers and greater penetration on your existing -- do you see the software side moving up, if you will, in the non-FortiGate component. And then I will cede the floor. Thank you.
