Keith Jensen: Okay. I think when we talk about normalized buying behavior, I think that we certainly saw some enterprise customers in the U.S. during the supply chain challenges. They were placing orders to get in line to hold their place in line for when the inventory is available. And I think I’ll say a year ago or so that, that was an appropriate behavior when there was a lot of uncertainty around the supply chain and maybe they’re planning what we’re going to do in 2022. I think that somewhat in general now, and maybe Ken will talk more about this, I think people are getting is that the – certainly, we are, but the supply chain is a little bit easier to forecast and somewhat easier to manage. I don’t mean by any stretch easy, but I do think it’s easier. And with that, I think you’re starting to see the market drift back towards the emphasis start to what I would call more traditional buying, which is when they need it, they’re placing the order.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think we’ve been messaging throughout the quarter at various conferences that – and even in the prior quarter that we had a clear expectation that service revenue growth has accelerated. So we’re very pleased to see that. I think there’s a number of things that are providing a tailwind into that. Customer registering units is part of that. I think also the price increase is making its way first into orders and deferred revenue and now into the income statement. Keeping in mind that we have contracts at sometimes or as long as five years, that will give you a sense of how long the tailwind may relate to price increases as we will continue to cycle through renewals at old prices and replace them with new contracts. So I think we feel good about the direction of the service revenue and the margins that it provides, together with the fact that it’s 60% of our business.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think Alaxala is probably the easiest one to talk about in terms of providing numbers. We’ve talked about the fact that their revenue stream was probably something in the order of $130 million to $140 million when we acquired them and reminded people that they are a March 31 year-end, so their fourth quarter is a little bit off cycle. I think that it’s growth single digits. So I think that probably gives people a good level expectation reminder there that our interest in Alaxala is a lot to run at the IP and some opportunities that we have there to do things more longer term, if you will. In terms of other unique things about product revenue in the quarter, I mean, I think that as the backlog comes into revenue as we go through the end of 2022 here and certainly into 2023 is tend to provide, again, a fairly significant tailwind to what the product revenue growth will be in 2023, assuming we get the drawn in backlog that we may see.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I would probably certainly agree with Ken operate just a little more detail on it. Keeping in mind that our – we sell in U.S. dollars, so there’s really not a direct FX impact there. On the revenue line, obviously, you can get into certain countries where the pressure on discounting, if you will, because of exchange rates can be a little more intense. But on the OpEx, because 30% of our business is in the U.S. and the rest is international. We do get a tailwind from OpEx from the strength of the U.S. And I think you’re seeing that in Q3 and you’re seeing that in Q4. And probably why it’s important is that we’ve talked for a number of years now around and made reference to 25% operating margin. If you go back four years ago, five years ago, it was probably a target to get to 25% operating margin. And since then, we’ve talked about averaging 25%, so I think a floor of 25%. It has certainly served us well as a way to help other people understand about how we invest in the business, and as Ken makes reference to it. As we have funds available over that 25% operating margin, it creates opportunities for some, not necessarily all that you’re seeing currently of those margin dollars to be reinvested back in innovation and back into our go-to-market strategy.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think I’ll come back to kind of Ken’s commentary around backlog, which is really what kind of drives the conversation about bookings. I think a year ago, when we introduced the backlog metric, there was a lot of uncertainty around what the supply chain crisis was going to look like and how it might impact our business and the purpose of providing the backlog disclosure and the booking disclosure then was to kind of round out and help investors understand more about our business model as we go forward. And as we heard in the question earlier from one of the questions, at the beginning of year, what kind of a swag – that kind of swag backlog growth of $350 million in the first quarter and then it came back and said, in the second quarter, maybe it’s going to get closer to $500 million for the full year. And now I think we’re looking at a number that’s going to be less than that, something in the floor probably seems reasonable from where we’re at. And I think with net-net, the message there’s two messages to I think we’re becoming much more comfortable with our ability to execute in this environment and maybe some easing in the environment itself. And then secondly, I think that it was always our intention. I think we messaged this that these will be short-term metrics that we provide – and I think they’ve served us and our investors well for an extended period of time, but it’s probably time now that we feel that we’ve gotten a better control on it to bring us more – bring us back online, if you will, with what our industry competitors are disclosing and not disclosing.
Keith Jensen: Yes, we’re not going down to the detail of talking specifically about bookings, as I just mentioned going forward from our backlog, more than what we’ve given to this point.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Ken, spot on with that. I probably a couple a little more granularity. I think if you maybe look at it between product gross margin and services gross margin, the product win is the one that’s probably more volatile related to what we’re seeing. We’ve certainly heard commentary that maybe things are easing a little bit, the chip manufacturers, but I would say that there’s no indication of any sort of cost reduction savings that are coming from either chip manufacturers or the component suppliers. So what we’ll see how that plays out. Our strategy has been, and Ken alluded to this, is that we came into this economic cycle a year ago, believing that we had a price performance advantage and that we could raise prices and our target was really to pass along most but not all the price increases, call it plus or minus 1% margin. It’s kind of our target every quarter. It doesn’t fall that way every quarter because of various variables. And I would imagine that to the extent that prices can remain to be elevated as we move into 2023, that’s kind of the starting point for our price strategy into 2023 as well, again, because we have not seen signs that we’ve lost the pro formas advantage. In fact, we continue to win that way. Service is a little bit different. I mean, the largest cost component in services is labor. And if you look back, we’re a company that has its annual merit increase in the first or second month of the year, so you kind of get a rather immediate job on the COGS line from those – from the compensation increases, which is certainly appropriate and then you have to grow the service revenue into it. And I think that’s part of the conversation about why you saw the reference to sequential margin increases. On the revenue side, it gets fairly complex. Well, maybe that complex. But thinking through how price increases that started about a year ago and kind of at a quarterly pace, if you will, how those price increases will make their way first on the balance sheet in deferred revenue and to what extent each item is going to reflect all those price increases and then how it will come off the balance sheet in future periods. So you will get tailwind from the price increases. And I would expect that particular tailwind should continue to, for an extended period of time.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think we’ve made a leadership change there around the end of June, beginning of July, we had a retirement. And I think that’s just kind of the transition of leaders, if you will, is one was exiting into retirement and we brought so on. But I think we feel very, very good about in terms of their abilities. And I think the other part of it is you’re starting to see the lapping effect of Alaxala because all of Alaxala sitting in APAC. And so you’re going to see that now roll up on basically the full quarter comparisons that impact.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Ken talked about this in the past, the ability to introduce the new 70F product in the second quarter. We were a little bit hamstrung in Q2 and the beginning of Q3 even back into Q1 really on the low end. And I think we kind of messaged a bit in our conversations over the last quarter or so that we expected low end supply availability to really jump, if you will, in the third quarter, and we did see that. So it’s really more of a supply conversation in some ways as much as it is a demand conversation.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think you’re talking about full year fourth quarter, one of the same at this point. And I would really just point to the macro environment and what we’ve seen really in the – over the last 90 days in terms of economic activity, if you will, I think when you look at how that manifests somewhat specifically, I think I’m getting a little more cautious in some of the forecasting of close timing on some of the very large deals. We’ve been very successful over the last few years. You saw some of the numbers about enterprise penetration with our growth in the enterprise. The deals have actually gotten significantly larger as we’ve gone forward. And I think it’s appropriate in that environment to be a little more cautious on what we expect to close rates to be. The business itself is very healthy. If I look at the end of the spectrum, the small enterprise part of the business, for example, it actually outgrew the other two parts of the business in the last quarter by – it took about a point of mix, I think, from the other two. So I feel – feel good about the business, but just a little cautious about the macro environment as we go forward, how to forecast what’s coming from the sales team.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I don’t think we’re going to see deal sizes getting smaller one because we’re moving into the enterprise. If we were more established there and it was just kind of the same routine over and over, the fact that we’re growing in the enterprise, and again, you saw the numbers is going to by itself, increase our average deal size. I certainly do feel that there’s caution is corporate America and the rest of the world is probably going through their budgeting cycles right now and looking at what they’re planning for, not only the end of 2022 and 2023. I think the other aspect of that, and again, I think this is fairly consistent with the other comments we’ve probably heard. I don’t think it’s a good time to really get in a position of forecasting some sort of significant budget flush in the fourth quarter. If it develops, that would be fantastic. But I think prudence is a little bit appropriate here.
Keith Jensen: Yes. We talked a link of this before you get on the call and for everybody’s benefit, I’ll just quickly kind of go through it. Yes, I think when we got into this conversation a year ago, we felt the backlog, which is really the driver of the bookings conversation was something that we thought was important to investors to understand and be able to track how we’re performing as a business and what they’re seeing in the drivers. As we’ve moved forward, I think that if you fast forward a year later, I think we feel more comfortable now about some of the backlog forecasting. And earlier, we made reference that backlog may exit the year, something closer to 400 or a little bit north of that. And so with that in mind, I think we’re bringing ourselves back into what I would call industry norms, where nobody else really discloses this information, but we thought it was appropriate for the first year. I would also offer one comment about backlog that’s important, and we get a lot of conversations around cancellation rates. Our cancellation rate has been extremely consistent at about 4% each and every quarter.
Keith Jensen: I think the pipeline visibility is very good. And the pipeline growth is very strong. And I think that one of the things that we did at the end of the prepared remarks was, we went back to the 2022 mid-term guidance numbers that we gave, I think, a $10 billion booking company in 2025 and $8 million in revenue and margins of 25% or more and basically reiterated that. And I think we’re doing that which requires a 22% CAGR from this point forward. We’re doing that with the – after looking at our pipeline, looking at the strength of our pipeline so that it makes sense to us.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I want to be clear, we are expecting backlog to actually increase from Q3 to Q4, not significantly, but slightly, so.
Keith Jensen: Correct. I mean you’re always going to get some existing backlog that flows in the buildings, which you’re going to get new backlog, net-net, it’s going to be an add in total to it for the year. And I think the – and it’s a good question about Europe. I don’t want to – over that Europe form, you saw the revenue numbers and what we don’t disclose it. I would say the billings numbers Europe performed very, very well in the quarter and their pipeline remains extremely strong as we go forward. Now we’ll see as we get through and get closer to 2023, and I certainly would really agree that there are certain tailwinds that are appropriate for Europe. But to this point, they’ve done it very, very well.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I don’t think – we didn’t see anything like we saw good question. We didn’t see anything like the two-week pause or10-day pause. We saw the first part of June in the Q3. I think that – when we look at linearity, you can see the DSOs, and I think it’s a pretty good reflection of where we’re at with linearity. It has not and probably will never be a 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 business in terms of linearity. You’re always going to get about 50% of your business in the final month of the quarter, but nothing really unusual about the activity there.
Keith Jensen: And just so I don’t if you can because I’ve already done that. So tenure is up about 50% in the people. That as a – we didn’t have a given a number, but it runs about 30% of the mix. So it’s a significant number of people that we increased that are starting new to the organization.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I would come back and just talk a little bit about the cancellation rate comment that concern, again, it has been remarkably consistent at 4%, not suggesting there’s something there that would be a challenge. And certainly, I think the firewall part of that, which is roughly 1/3 is probably very specific to us and not really a commodity. There’s other metrics provided in the past, and we can certainly kind of go through them again over 90% to 95% of all backlogs with existing customers. It’s not as if there’s people coming off to Street trying to order from us because they’re trying to double order or something like that. That’s just not plausible about it. And of what’s in backlog, I think, again, over 50% looking at Peter or not along with the – agrees with me, that’s been partially delivered. So it’s unlikely they’re going to cancel something. So as a backlog got older, do we have more concerns about it. We watched aging a little bit. Yes, we did, but now we’re starting to see a bit of a plateau here in terms of what the backlog increases are and certainly some easing around to be on the horizon around the supply chain environment. So while we do watch the cancellation rates very, very closely, we are not seeing indicators of concern there.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think as we continue to – we’ve said for several years that as we continue to expand into the enterprise segment, we expect that that’s going to bring with the longer-term contracts. And it has shown that. If you go a couple of years, I think average contract rates were closer to 24 months or 25 months, and you’re seeing that continued pressure. And I absolutely continue to believe that as we continue to have success expanding the enterprise, and that continues to be a larger part of our business, it will continue to put a bit of tailwind, if you will, on average contract term. I think also SD-WAN has shown to clearly be a longer-term contract that when customers come to the party. So we’re not seeing that. I’m happy to see the last few quarters that we’ve kind of ended that 28%, 29% month and staying at that level. I was actually a little concerned that it was going to continue to grow and get into the low 30s.
Keith Jensen: I think the last quarter and maybe I think the fourth quarter it would – the inference would be that we’re at a plateau.
Ken Xie: And also looking at the composition of our backlog, it’s only one-third or less related to our network security platform FortiGate more than half related to like a switch in AP, which is a networking equipment which is kind of an industry problem in the networking side because the networking device tend to be more changeable, more standard driven. So a lot of customers, sometimes double, triple order try to get ahead of whatever the supply chain issue and also some of them can easily cancel once they got the product. So that’s why we feel probably keeping track in the backlog may not be the best way to forecast the business, and we should be more focused on security, security related, especially driving the future service based on huge FortiGate installation base.
Ken Xie: Yes. Also, we believe the growth driver, especially the converged network and security. We don’t think that’s a slowdown. We’ll be keeping driving the product revenue growth in the next 5 to 10 years. You can see the secure SD-WAN and OT both had a pretty healthy growth. And at the same time, we will continue to growth in the next 5 to 10 years in a huge market potential.
Ken Xie: I think that’s where – if you look at the 13-year history, we as a public company, we always balance the growth and with the margin. So that’s where we feel the 25% above is a healthy margin and then we can also give the money to invest in the growth become a leader in the space. That’s where we’re continue to balance, but if the growth slowdown definitely will be more helping in the margin. So that’s what we keep in saying the Rule of 40, probably in the last few quarters, we kind of even reached the Rule of 60 now. So that’s where also – when the growth slowed down and sometimes the service revenue has a higher margin, which can also help in the margin, but we do expect the growth will continue in the next few years with the three growth drivers I mentioned and plus additional service revenue to our big installation base, a lot of are not quite unable the security service revenue yet.
Ken Xie: I think the component and also the cost continue to go up. So that’s where – and also, we still have a pretty tight inventory to make most shipments shipping by air instead of by ocean. So that’s where – so we’ll keep it adjusted by all these costs and probably some of the wet ourselves, some of them we may do some price increase, but we also feel even some price increase, we continue to have a price advantage compared to competitive industry average with our own products. So that’s where the margin we feel probably will be more stabilized. And that’s probably the overall supply probably keep improving.
Ken Xie: That’s where the – we see pretty strong growth related to the SD-WAN and OT, which more using the low end unit and at the same time, the supply chain improvements help a little bit. That’s where the – we’ll be able to shipping more product in the low line side. We still have some backlog in the middle high end, but it’s a low end had some improvement by redesign some of the products and also better supply chain right now
Ken Xie: I think we have a few unique advantage. The first from day one, we developed the FortiASIC, which have a huge companion power increase compared to using traditional CPU, but also FortiASIC also working side by side with the CPU. So that’s the huge computing power advantage comes from FortiASIC give us more computing power for the FortiOS to run more function, more security function including a lot of networking function. So that advantage is none of our competitors have that. So that’s making us keeping driving the market share and also the unit shipment, I mentioned, we like 43% of our market shareholder unit shipment there. So that’s what we keeping – give us a long-term growth going forward because also on the convergence of security networking the secure computing power it must have a huge need to address both security and networking function there. Second is for the FortiOS is well integrate together with more function, leverage, security and power. So that’s also kind of a huge advantage for us compared to some other competitor, whether they have to use like a different blade or different functions. They have to go to some different parts or even to the cloud to address some secure computing power there. And then third one, we also have about 30 different products, mostly home developed and integrate, automate together. So that’s also what helping drive we call the wider security fabric on called a mesh network. So that’s also helping the customer to lower the management cost and total cost of ownership. I think all these three factors we’re keeping driving Fortinet better position for the consolidation, both on the product functionality and also on different products into a single vendor platform strategy.
Ken Xie: Also, the composition of backlog is kind of different now compared to one year ago, which is one year ago, I have to say, majority of that – related to the FortiGate and now FortiGate is less than one-third of the whole backlog and the majority of backlog that come from the switch and AP Wi-Fi, which is also kind of a more industry problem, which switch and AP more easily customer can change in different vendor compared to the security product, they have to design in, they have to a high switching cost. So that’s where we feel the backlog sometimes unpredictable and with the majority of come from switch and AP.
Ken Xie: I think first about our price policies really, we – when there’s a cost increase like components another, we do like take some ourself. And then some others we probably have to pass the customer partner. But even with like price increase, we’re still leading the industry on the price performance on the functionality service. So that’s where so far we don’t see – in the last year because of pricing and actually, we’re keeping gaining market share because we have a leading price performance especially in a lot of what we call it convergence area and also like SD-WAN and OT is a very, very fast-growing area. So it’s all our price advantage compared to competitors. And also, we do see a lot of potential to drive additional service because our service charge probably average about half of our some of competitor charging some are offer free, some are offer less, some are in sell as a bundle. So we do see a lot of potential growth area in the service, which also have a higher margin.
Ken Xie: We still have a very strong pipeline, actually stronger than before. And at the same time, we built pretty healthy, strong sales capacity to meet out the demand. Keith mentioned some tenure like we have about 50% of sales force actually has a tenure probably not reach the tenure yet, which we believe will become more productive in the next 6 months to 12 months, which also will helping drive the both the top line bottom line.
Ken Xie: I just think that, as I said earlier in the conversation, as we started to see some – our deal size is getting larger in the enterprise, we’re certainly subject to more inspection perhaps than the eight-figure deals are started much more inspection than the seven-figure deals worth.
Ken Xie: Yes, kind of covering some old ground here. I don’t mean that negatively. One, I would just – again, the fact that we reiterated the mid-term guidance which is a 22% CAGR is probably a good indicator of how we think about it. I think that investors and analysts and ourselves are trying to understand the timing of when the backlog is going to reverse and actually go to the income statement and have an impact from product revenue. And it’s going to provide – when it does happen, I think it will provide some elevated product revenue numbers as we look forward to it. Yes, I don’t have another point to that, and I kind of lost my train of thought. I apologize.
Ken Xie: Yes. I think one other stat. I think I’m recalling the numbers correctly, I have to look to stack up, but I think the top 20 deals in backlog accounts for like 8% of backlog.
Ken Xie: I have – probably were not using the refresh because I feel in the last like couple of years, some change in the network security landscape. So I probably more using the convergence, especially we see the strong growth SD-WAN, OT and also internal segmentation, other data center security which security is starting to deploy into the position traditionally network security, not deployed. So that’s actually we plan most of the growth from that area. We do get into some big enterprise. They’re also looking at how do the consolidation like whether networking security, working with the other part of the infrastructure there. And we also see the very, very strong growth for our business in the big enterprise there also. So that’s probably not the times really deploying to the new area and not only the environment is very, very fast and also a lot of like working from home remotely but also a lot of new areas drive a lot of new deployment. So that’s where probably we’re not kind of looking at refresh, replacing some of the old network security device, but it’s more in the new area we see will be – drive the growth for a very long time in the next 5 years to 10 years.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you so much and thank you for taking the questions. Ken, just a big picture question for you to start out with. You mentioned Fortinet success is in part coming from the industry trend of vendor and product consolidation. Why is Fortinet so well positioned as a platform for consolidation? And how does this inform your product and corporate development roadmap in terms of the need for even more product breadth to compete with other platform competitors out there that keep adding additional functionality.
Brad Zelnick: Ken, thank you for that. And it’s clearly working by your strategy. Maybe Keith just for you, you’ve disclosed quite a bit of information so much so that I have a very simple question that I just might have missed. But can you just very clearly explained for the reduction in the full year billings guidance for – that you’ve given us now the update on with these results. Thanks.
Brad Zelnick: It makes total sense and in line with a lot of other data points that we’re all seeing out there. I guess just maybe as you think about what contributes to that, is there – it doesn’t sound like it’s anything competitive, but what are the customers doing? Are they shrinking deal sizes? Are they just taking more time and sweating out their existing assets? Any other color on that would be helpful. Thanks.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Keith, I wanted to start to appreciate that you gave a little bit of color on 2023 on services growth acceleration, obviously, an exciting catalyst I think the flip side of that is we’re just kind of really unsure how to think about puts and takes to the other line item on product revenue growth. Not asking, obviously, for specific guidance, but I’m thinking about these tough comps. You just had very strong growth in one of the toughest comps that you’ve ever experienced in Q3. Your exit rate billings is – guidance is coming down. I think there’s worry that the cancellation rates are at 4%, but could that ultimately increase with supply chain visibility. So a lot of fear on how bad product revenue growth could ultimately be and certainty on services revenue growth. So anything you could maybe point us to for a realistic view of how to think about puts and takes to product revenue growth in 2023.
Adam Tindle: Yes. The growth driver we feel has not changed, like the convergence, like all the consolidation, also elevate like a threat environment. That’s how we’re keeping driving the product growth. And also – the service also I think the product revenue is really the leading indicator of service revenue. So it’s a pretty strong product revenue growth in the last two, three years we do see the service revenue continue to improve.
Adam Tindle: Got it. Maybe I can sneak in a quick follow-up. Just to get all the fear out there because aftermarket move suggests there’s a lot of fear. On from a billings basis, you’re mixing towards larger deals, which is obviously a good thing for the business, but your average contract term is flat at 29 months. A number of software companies are seeing durations decline in particular on those large multi-year deals. How do you think about potentially controlling for this so that duration doesn’t become a headwind to billings growth? Thanks.
