Ken Xie: Thank you, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining our call. Q1, we've managed business with strong spending discipline and increased our operation margin 200 basis points to a first quarter record of 28.5%. We also generated record cash flow from operations of $830 million, and our adjusted free cash flow margin was 61%.  We remain focused on investing in a fast-growing Unified SASE and secure operation market, which, combined, accounted for 1/3 of first quarter billings. We continue to gain security networking market share, leveraging our advanced and differentiated FortiOS and FortiASIC technologies with an increasing number of large customer adopting our industry-leading Secure Networking solutions.  Last month, attendance in our annual Accelerate conference increased 25% year-over-year to nearly 5,000 participants. Our Unified SASE and new AI offering dominated the discussion with our partner and customers.  For the first quarter, Unified SASE accounted for 24% of total billings. To introduce customer and prospect to our new Unified SASE solution, we plan to run attractive promotions this year in 2024. For several reasons, we believe no service secure company come close toward differentiated Unified SASE solutions.  First, we have developed all Unified SASE functionality into one single operation system, the FortiOS. This includes a full networking and security set comprised of a ZTNA, Secure Web Gateway, CASB and our market-leading SD-WAN and firewall technologies, providing content, application, user, device and location awareness to reduce attacks.  Second, our Unified SASE solution can be deployed on-premise, in the cloud, or both. Peer solutions send a traffic to copy the PoP, increasing security risk and latency and is less efficient. Last, Fortinet Unified SASE offer both traditional software endpoint agent and how are agents such as FortiWiFi access point and FortiSwitch for customers, with easier deployment and more broad use case such as Unified SASE for OT and IoT devices. We expect our differentiated Unified SASE offering to emerge as the SASE leader.  Fortinet advanced platform approach has been earning third-party awards for many years. Last month, we entered Gartner Magic Quadrant for Secure Service Edge. As shown on the Slide 12 in the investor presentation. Fortinet is the only vendor recognized in the Gartner Magic Quadrant Report for Security Service Edge, SD-WAN, Single-Vendor SASE, Network Firewall and Enterprise Wired and Wireless LAN infrastructure.  All 5 security and network offering from Fortinet are uniquely built on one operating system, the FortiOS, and a leverage of FortiASIC to increase secure computing power for more functions and better performance while lowering the cost and energy consumption.  Fortinet's Secure Ops solution, which are better integrated and automate than competitors, accounted for 9% of total billings. Initially launched as part of our FortiSIEM and FortiSOAR, our Gen AI technology, FortiAI, is being deployed across both networking and security products.  And today, we announced the industry-first IoT security Generative AI assistant. Customers can ask FortiAI to help in 30-plus languages. Fortinet is also the market leader in OT security solutions, the fastest-growing space in network security, with billings of device connected online, and the most OT device has a limited compiling power, making new secure the most effective experience of security.   Today, we announced the FortiGate 200G, a mid-range fire were powered by a new SD FortiASIC with secure computing rating of 3 expected performance real-time petites and industry average. We're enforcing our leading networking and Unified SASE advantage that provides customers with industry-leading security functions, performance and power efficiency.   Before turning the call over to Keith, I wish to thank our employees, customers, partners and suppliers worldwide for their continuous support and hard work. 
Ken Xie: Yes. I think the high interest rate, making the money kind of more expensive, have a lot of enterprise kind of probably more favored OpEx instead of a CapEx for some of the networking security project. So that's where -- that's also the reason we're starting shifting the focus more on the kind of the SASE or kind of SecureOps, which is really more helping company saving the cost at the same time, kind of -- some kind of OpEx model.  So that's probably -- at the same time, we do make some adjustment in certain product price back to like pre-pandemic level, before the [indiscernible]. That's happening in Q1, probably has a little bit of impact, but it's -- overall, I think the product competitive is still more and more strong.  And we still see a lot of replacement of our competitive product, which tend to be more expensive. And especially the new FortiOS introduced last month with more function, including the function in Unified SASE, all these things drive a lot of our change from the customer, and they're all interested to these new OS and the new product we have launched. 
Ken Xie: I think our price strategy is pretty consistent in the last 20-plus years. We want to maintain a healthy gross margin and also a healthy margin for the partners. And when we see certain cost increase like doing the supply chain shortage, whether the component costs or some shipping costs increase, we kind of increase the price. But now some of the costs coming down, we also kind of returned some margin to the partner and also low on product price to match the pre-pandemic level.  But I think all this supply chain change in missing is over and also we're probably more focused on the new product and which follow kind of a healthy margin guideline. And I don't think we have adjust any pricing for the existing product anymore. It's really more focused on when we introduce a new product, we just want to make sure it's a healthy margin for all the parties. 
Ken Xie: Yes. And also, we build SD-WAN function into the FortiOS, which, whenever you have a FortiCare, we believe like close to 60%, 70% customer all have by the FortiCare, they have automatic SD-WAN function. And so that's where we do see other SD-WAN, current SD-WAN customer, which we were not fully tracking because the part of our [ list function free ] of charge. So we do believe a lot of them are [ interest ] come into SASE for SASE function there. 
Ken Xie: Yes. Also, Japan probably kind of about is the biggest country for us in APAC and probably 1/3 of more APAC, which the currency like the U.S. currency pretty strong again. Japan currency is that may also have some impact of some slowdown there. On the other side, we do see most SD-WAN customers definitely more interest in the SASE and also in the current environment, more and more customer set in terms SD-WAN because SD-WAN definitely have been a cost saving. So on average, it's about 50% in cost savings compared to the traditional NPI or other networking function there. So we do see more and more customer first converting to SD-WAN customer and then using the same FortiGate adding additional SASE function there. 
Ken Xie: Yes. I think we believe we continue gaining market share even right now the quarter -- last quarter in the cyclical secure networking, which both the firewall and also some other like  FortiWiFi FortiSASE space there. And I think because whether the strong performance advantage, we have all kind of more function can give a customer, like a better ROI return and better security and also more deployed case compared with the traditional firewall. So we feel we're keeping gaining market share.  But overall, I have to say that whether the network secure firewall market or the networking market definitely has gone down like 10% to 20% year-over-year. But even in that market condition, we keep on gaining more share -- market share in this environment. Keith probably will answer the digestion question. 
Ken Xie: The notice probably around 10% of our product, that's probably -- all the networking side, definitely down a little bit, but there's some other like whether the FortiWeb, FortiMail some other we see for we see pretty strong growth. So it's a mix. But overall, I think pretty much similar like the FortiGate mix. But definitely, we see it.  And on the other side, we do see some early signs of interest a customer using our FortiWiFi AP FortiSwitch as a hardware agent for the SASE. So that's also one of the promotions we're going to really offer some customer. If they got a FortiWiFi, they probably can run some free FortiSASE function for some time. So that we see could be driving additional non-FortiGate growth. But we -- actually, all the non-FortiGate product, we also have a technology called FortiLink. It's all like FortiGate, like FortiGate, whether that's kind of the aging firewall host or a host working together with FortiWiFi or FortiSwitch. 
Ken Xie: Yes. The 3 parts of the business. One, like Keith mentioned, is really the digestion whatever supply chain issue. I think that's pretty much over, maybe just a few more months, it will be all normal. And the second part is really the refresh, which is the current customer over the new product, which has a better performance, all the things there. I have to say, seeing the economy slowdown or high interest rate environment, some customer may stretch the current product a little bit longer.  And -- but we do see more cases, we call it replacement, and also the new area like OT/IoT security. So we do see the requirement pick up quite well, which, when they face in like where they need a new function, like the new SD-WAN function or the SASE function, a lot of our big enterprise starting using our product to replace a more competitive product because they have to offer like multiple product to match one of our FortiGate or FortiOS solution there.  And we also have a much better performance and power efficiency. We use [indiscernible] measure for every product. So that's replacement case, definitely picking up quite well. The refresh probably would still need some time to come. And on the other side, the new area like OTT security, we see other strong growth.  So that's a new market because really all this OT devices not connected online or kind of canola has now protection and pretty much impossible to run endpoint software because of different operating system living computing power. So we see this new OTL space pick up quite well. That's the new market. So long-term wise, I still believe the network security market continued to grow.  And -- but probably will be more mix in the current environment, probably a little bit more towards the OpEx model, which is kind of a -- and -- but for us, the differentiation is really, we have all the staff in the same FortiGate operating system FortiOS, which customers can run whether on-premise or in the cloud and the PoP. So we do see a lot of customers that then turn on the SASE function, maybe starting the SASE function first, then the additional strategy function, additional SASE service. So that's the way they are starting doing now. 
Ken Xie: We have not seen any pricing pressure discount because we tend to be much better performance and more function because of ASIC technology and none of our competitor has. On the other side, [ billion ] customer considered a new function they needed for security or higher network speed environment, I think compare us to some competitor because competitors sometimes they just cannot keep in function like all the SD-WAN function in their existing firewall for us is very, very different.  So we have all the SD-WAN function, all the new SASE function built in into the same FortiOS running on different kind of FortiGate device there. So that's also kind of helping customers to really keep adding additional functions sometimes without really replacing the existing hardware, so that's really helping the customer keeping kind of adding surveys and had secured with new function there.  And also, that's also driving a lot of replacement of our competitor solution, especially in the big enterprise environment. So that's we see the strong -- the strongest growing area for us actually is enterprise customers, which they not enter some finance stretch because the high cost are the money. But we do see that the growing in our enterprise space or strong and a lot of replacement of competitive solution using the FortiGate which has a more function, better performance, low cost and also more efficient on the energy consumption there. 
Ken Xie: It's okay. I think we continue to invest balance the gross margin. So the area like a lot of on the long-term product, we continue to invest, and we do the selective hiring. And also, we also take this opportunity to mixing the management ratio or structure will be better. So it's more invest in the field sales engineering and also the R&D area and the kind of more flat on certain management level and making the whole company more efficient. 
Ken Xie: Yes, I think we do see when we have a more enterprise customer and they also want to be long-term customers and also with many different products like the consolidation strategy they have right now, we see more EA. And at the same time, with that one, we definitely see kind of a bigger deal and also kind of a more long-term customer can be with us right now. 
Ken Xie: And I think since we only launched our own FortiSASE six months ago, we see pretty strong growth but also SD-WAN has been there for a few years. So I have to say, probably most -- a majority if not the most, SASE still more comes from SD-WAN, which is in the chart there. Maybe the better way to say is really look at the pipeline, so that's on key script. He said -- it's a Unified SASE probably pipeline grow like 45%. And then the SSE pipeline growth over 150%. That's maybe a better indicator as a pretty strong for the SASE interest and also leverage our both SD-WAN and the firewall market-leading position there.  So we do see a lot of customer adding the SASE, adding the SD-WAN and convert some of them to the additional service, which will probably come about over 90% of our -- like the SASE business  right now. And is also very strong interest from the customer right now.  And at the same time, some of the trial program like using the FortiWiFi AP as a hardware agent offers certain free SASE service. That's also what drives additional like differentiated -- Unified SASE approach compared to the other competitor in the market, which we also drive quite a lot of SASE business going forward. So that's also the reason we believe probably within a few quarters or a few years, we'll be the #1 leader in the SASE market. 
Ken Xie: Yes. Could agree, there's a lot of interest in AI -- we started our time more fully to different products, which are helping customers more efficiently manage their operation there. And that's also what drive the additional service, additional product out there. I'd say it's still more in the early ramp-up stage, and -- but the interest is we very high end, we do see some benefit already -- but how soon will be materializing. 
Ken Xie: I think probably if I look back to 20, 30 years when there's a big attack in the space, then they drive some kind of a new function, then there's some rush by something maybe impact some of them. Otherwise, it's pretty normal, I don't know, 7, 8 [ week ] whatever a customer to register. And then the last 2, 3 years, the supply chain really changing sometimes certain channel partners on the distributor may try to have a little bit more inventory.  And some kind of customer because it takes some time to deploy, they also try to order some actual inventory. But that's pretty much all normal now. If you place the order, you pretty much can get it delivered right away. No longer has the lead time anymore. So that's where we see is the digestion pretty much go over, and it's pretty back to normal in the current environment now. 
Keith Jensen: Yes, I'll talk about the full year. I think that if you look at where we ended up in the first quarter, inside the guidance range, maybe just a little bit of weakness that we saw in Europe, just enough to move us off the midpoint, but not really a big movement in terms of where we are in our final results compared to the midpoint.  And if we look at where we end up with the total for the year, I don't think we're at all far off from the plan that we thought. Maybe there's some more [indiscernible]  there that you're kind of pointing out. But as we look at the pipeline, to your point, I think the mix that we see in our pipeline today, together with some of the hygiene improvements that we worked on for the last 6 to 9 months, I think we feel better about where we end up with the full year numbers, if you will.  I think, at the same time, when you look at the full year numbers and some of the outperformance in the quarter or better performance, if you will, with service revenue and product revenue, you see us bringing that number up a little bit. But importantly, at the same time, you see us also bringing up the margin number on the bottom line by about 0.75 of a point. 
Keith Jensen: Try to ask that question. Yes. I think we also included in the prepared, and I'll tap the answer while somebody follows the actual slide number for you, Brian. But I think that existing customers were over 90% for both SASE and for SecOps, so they were expansion sales.  And Ken's kindly pointing out to me my Slide #8 is in the deck that actually give you a little more context for it. One change you may notice there is that, for the first few quarters, when we talk about customer mix and expansion opportunity, we did it by customer counts, believing that we were going to have a lot of penetration with the SMB space.  And that was where you get a larger number to start seeing some patterns. What we've now seen is that the large enterprises and the mid-enterprises are actually dominating both of those pillars of growth. And with that, we've just converted those pie charts to dollar values, which is more traditional where we expect it to get eventually. 
Keith Jensen: Yes, Brian. What we're trying to say there is that I think we're -- there's a common belief internally and probably externally that we're going to have a lot of success with the SASE solution by cross-selling our existing SD-WAN customers. And so the SASE billings that we saw this quarter, I believe the number was 81% of those were existing SD-WAN customers. 
Keith Jensen: Okay. where to begin? Kind of cherry picking through some data points. I think one -- first and foremost, the SMB continues to perform stronger than expectations, whether that's external to the company or from other sources, if you will, it's very resilient. And I think it's simply the breadth of the SMB space together with, as I've said in the past, the success of the channel program.  I think Europe was just a tad that light in the quarter and a little bit on the enterprise side of their business and probably just enough, as I said before, to move us off of the midpoint of our guidance.  I think what we spent a fair amount of time with more recently is looking at where the 8-figure deal is coming from. And if you're looking at the deceleration, and let's take the U.S. enterprise as an example of that, last quarter, we talked about 6, 8-figure deals in the business. The vast majority of those are in the U.S. enterprise.  This quarter, we generally noted that we had one 8-figure deal. And so you can see that those 8-figure deals can whipsaw that growth rate for the U.S. enterprise around quite a bit really because if there are opportunities in these 8-figure deals that maybe some of the other geos don't have. We really don't have those opportunities in APAC and some of the other geographies that we see in the U.S.  I think the other part of growth, I mean, I think we I think we have to understand where the firewall growth is right now in terms of the industry. And with that, it puts a lot of the pressure or opportunity for us to sell the SASE solutions and the SecOps solutions. And you're probably seeing a little more maturity in the ability to sell or the openness to buy SecOps and SASE solutions in the U.S. and in Europe, the larger economies, than you are in APAC. 
Keith Jensen: Do you want to take the market share and the mix, and then I'll go through the algebra on Slide 19. 
Keith Jensen: But yes, for people that have access to it, Slide 19 in the deck. And for those -- a lot of you have followed the company for quite a while and you remember that we have some pressure on software revenue early in the pandemic, and we talked about things like the impact from Russia, but also that we were seeing a delay in customers registering the service contracts that attached to the hardware contracts.  And if you look at that chart, you can see that, that delaying activity really started at the end of 2021, peaked at the end of the beginning of '23, kind of plateaued and now has moved down. And what we believe as you're seeing there is that when the supply chain hit, customers bought the equipment, put it on the shelves and did not need to register the contract as quickly and that's why you saw the increase in the days of register.  Now as we move through the digestion cycle, you've seen that inventories come off their shelves and those days to register are starting to return to normal. We're not quite there, but we're actually quite close to it. And I would just offer that, I think, as I said, by the second half and the second half of this year on the current pace, we would return to where we were at pre-COVID on that metric. And again, we think that's a very good indicator of where customers are in the digestion cycle. 
Keith Jensen: Well, first of all, you're going to get me in trouble for using the term non-FortiGate. We talked about SASE and SecOps, but we're all showing our age here a little bit. 
Keith Jensen: Yes, I feel good about it. And I think we're -- the parallel that I've drawn in the conversations before is that if you went back to 2015, '16, you saw the company moving away from -- or expanding beyond the SMB space and doing $1 billion deals. But it wasn't that there was enough $1 million deals that we couldn't get whipside by them then.  Now we've got plenty -- well, I can always take more, plenty of million dollar deals, but the $10 million deals are whipsawing us around a little bit. You saw that with a very strong performance in the fourth quarter. And I think we were pretty open about that in the fourth quarter and setting expectations for the first. One thing we have spent some time doing is going back and looking at the number of 8-figure deals we have by quarter, for, say, the last 3 or 4 years.  And you're looking at a model that maybe had one of the other quarter or 5 years ago to now where you're probably average something on the order of 2, perhaps 3 of opportunities over a full year per quarter. They're going to get condensed sometimes in certain quarters. With our business model in the history, you see that Q4 obviously outperforms as does Q2 typically perform strongly. And I suspect as we look forward, we'll see a little more concentration on those 8-figure deals certainly in Q4 and maybe some in Q2. 
Keith Jensen: Peter's point, get our COO for M&A answers. So we're all -- listen, leaning forward here wants to say. I don't think there's been any real change in our buyback philosophy. We -- the term we use is we're very opportunistic. We do put a program in place with one of the Wall Street firms each quarter and we renew it.  I think the important part there is looking at the $5 billion that we bought back over the last 4 years, and it's not that we're doing some other companies would do x percent of free cash flow or something like that. It is really looking for market opportunities and when we see them. can typically steps in and have something set up in that regard. And now John Whittle has been -- going to get a chance to join. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the -- setting aside the fact that need more resources in finance, but I was hoping Ken was just going to announce that, but that's probably not. The -- I think the business model, Brad, you've seen it through the cycles where -- if you look back at 2017, for example, and if you look at the gross margin number, when you start to see the slowdown of the pause, the cycle and the hardware, you start to see the mix shift to the really rich services. . And then as the market recovers, you see that relationship change a little bit. Clearly, we're in a situation right now with the firewall market that the mix shifted 10 points of services, and I think that was 87% gross margin. It's making margin targets very achievable, let's put it that way. And I would imagine, I think we raised it by 0.75 of a point at the midpoint for the full year. That's a pretty big move at this point, and I think we feel very comfortable with that as we look at the rest of 2024. 
Keith Jensen: No, I don't think there's really a change. I think there's always a few puts and takes, if you will. I think the real driver was that last quarter, we had those 6 8-figure deals, and I believe all those closed in the last week or 2 of the quarter. So that put a lot of pressure on DSOs and only having one 8-figure deal this quarter, which I believe closed fairly early in the quarter, in mid-quarter, but not in the last week. So I think that's really all I would point to there. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think when you say partners, I would say that all the large distributors that we're working with are offering financing programs, either in some cases, it might be through their own captive. But I think more often not, it's white labeling somebody else's product, if you will. I think that also some of the larger resellers are also offering financing.  I think that where it makes a little more sense for ourselves as an OEM is on larger deals, whether we move to the extended payment program or working with the channel and provide them capital, if you will, for the financing. I think there's a lot of different ways to go there. But I don't think good credits, so to speak, are suffering because they can't find credit. I don't think that's the issue. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think that -- and John took this over, so he gets to make that -- his habitual rap on EAs. But as Ken kind of alluded to it, it tends to make a lot of sense when -- you're -- most usually going to see it as part of your expansion inside of a larger enterprise. You're probably not going to see it frequently with the very first sale into a new logo, you could. And I think some things that are really we're starting to see resonate there are the new FortiPoints program that we make available and things with that nature, where customers have reached that point where they're very comfortable for in that for the technology and our customer support, et cetera, and they start thinking about long-term relationships. They know they're going to buy more. They may not know what. But the combination of EAs and FortiPoints, I think, has been well received by the customer group. 
Keith Jensen: No. I think the two that take it really -- you see us at this point in the firewall cycle, it's really for us, we want to increase the focus on SASE. I think we feel very good about it. you see us adding some more information there. And to your point that it wasn't anything that was really new or earth shattering on the FortiGates. 
Keith Jensen: I need to reverse what I covered FortiCare, FortiGuard. I think it's a great question is FortiCare, which is the traditional support offering, we talk about services being a lagging indicator. It's really what did you sell before and what rep you're recognizing now. And what's important is that FortiCare is going to be more closely linked to more recent product sales, right, because you have fewer products to attach it. So you'll probably see a little more pressure on FortiCare there.  FortiGuard, which is the security subscriptions, which can be bundled, but they can also now be a variety of SecOps solutions and SASE solutions is getting a fair amount of tailwind from those other two pillars. So you will start to see, I think, and have seen a little more divergence in the growth rates as it goes through the cycle, if you will, between FortiCare and FortiGuard.  In the FortiGuard actually has higher margins. And I think that we tried to call out in the prepared remarks that if you look at the SASE SecOps business, which I'll just broadly call SASE, not currently FortiCare and FortiGuard, and our software licenses, you start to see a company now that has a run rate of about $750 million in, say, non-hardware and nonattached service contracts, which is pretty impressive, I think. 
Keith Jensen: Yes, I think it's some more tactical responses to you. In general, we're charging for it separately. It's on the price list. It's additive to it, and you're going to really push my technical knowledge, maybe somebody here can eat me out. But I think there's an LLM the customer has to go out and buy on their own, in some cases, to enable it. And then I would offer a really shameless plug. I really tell you, you should go look at our website and see the demo that was done at Accelerate with FortiAI, it was fantastic. 
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I think the charts actually goes all the way back to 2019. And you can see it by quarter there. Nothing jumps out of me in terms of seasonality by quarter that we really have that I would call out to it. So... 
