Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Anton [ph] and good afternoon, everyone. This is Peter Salkowski, Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Fortinet. I'm pleased to welcome everyone to our call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the third quarter of 2023. Speakers on today's call are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Keith Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer. This is a live call that will be available for replay via webcast on our Investor options website. Ken will begin our call today by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Keith will review our financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2023 before providing guidance for the fourth quarter of 2023 and updating the full year. We'll then open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors in our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation more to take no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, all references to financial metrics that we make on today's call are non-GAAP unless cited otherwise, our GAAP results and our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are located in our earnings press release and in the presentation that accompanies today's remarks, both of which are posted on the Investor Relations website. Ken and Keith prepared remarks today for the earnings call will be posted on the quarterly earnings section of the Investor Relations website immediately following today's call. Lastly, I'll reference to growth are on a year-over-year basis unless noted otherwise. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Peter Salkowski: Operator -- as a reminder, during the Q&A session, we ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question to allow others to participate. Operator, you can open the call for questions.
Peter Salkowski: Thank you, Anton. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. Fortinet will be attending investor conferences hosted by Barclays, Stifel and Wells Fargo during the fourth quarter. Partially chat webcast link will be posted on the Events and Presentations section of the Fortinet Investor Relations website. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact me. Have a great day today. Thank you, Bo.
Ken Xie: I think it's a little bit different business model. SASE is more the service OpEx compared to the networking dip CapEx, during the slow economy environment, customers definitely move towards service-based OpEx. So it will be also since some of service providers kind of a little bit slower to adopt some of the SASE that -- we have been involved in SASE a long time. And some of the service provider kind of slower than we expected. So that's where we kind of changed some of the strategy more aggressively going ourselves at the same time, still working closely with the partner.
Ken Xie: Long term, we still don't believe the convergence of network into network security will be happening which also valid by like [indiscernible], by 2030 the network security secure networking will be larger than the traditional networking, especially in the compass environment, in the enterprise. And so we do believe it's a huge market opportunity. We have a unique advantage with our integrated operating system with our ASIC acceleration, we are keeping gaining market share in both network and also in the SASE market.
Ken Xie: Yes, it's Ken. I think for SD-WAN, they do need a place to be in place to deliver all these SD-WAN functions there. We really offer SD-WAN as part of the [indiscernible] Function for free and we started launching the SD-WAN service last quarter. So it's still in the ramp-up stage. We do believe one to all the service, we're keeping accelerating like the SASE market will be growing faster than the secure networking market. I think that's where for certain like -- I think there's a chunk on the presentation shows some of the product and service which is in on Page 19, you can see some of the cycle up and down there. Also, some of I do believe relate to the new ASIC and also product launch because we just started the new cycle of the new ISP5 [ph]; we have a one or two product as starting launching which gave us like a 5 to 10x better performance and more function at the same cost. Which also combined with the supply chain kind of elevated shipment of building in the last 2, 3 years. Because it's combined together, I feel have affected our price sales in the last few months. But I do believe this since we'll go back to normal probably in second half of next year. After the new product being fully launched after the supply digestion but inventory directions kind of go through because we do see the long-term convergence story is still holding well. We have a big position with better integrated OS with salvation. And our plan as a part of the whole solution. It's a hybrid solution, both our part cloud, especially we call the universal SASE. So that's -- there's some kind of cycle, if you refer to the Page 19 of the presentation, we kind of probably go through that cycle right now.
Ken Xie: Yes. The first answer is, yes, now we are ahead at competing. And we also believe we have a much better solution, better integrated and at the same time, much better cost ROI compared to other competitors of SASE. And also the universal SASE is very unique because they offer both in the cloud, on the plans of Compass all the same solution which allows the customer a more like our solution instead of sometimes you have to deal with traffic, whether enough is office have to fold the part because our solution you can process some traffic locally on campus within their appliance.
Ken Xie: We do believe in this fast-growing SASE SecOps market, the sales training, sales restructuring. At the same time, more efficient marketing is very, very important. And also, we are continue working closely with our channel partner with our distribution network to reaching more broad customer base. So we're also thinking the large cross-sell opportunity is huge and especially go through our partner network there. So I don't feel the investment we've made in the past will be any issue or kind of any slow us down. We do believe we are actually helping us to expand in this more service basis SASE market and also more consolidation secure approach.
Ken Xie: We do have a good partnership with Google. At the same time, some other service providers like digital royalty. And we also built some of our own like data center PoP over 30 owned by ourself which has really given us a more cost advantage. So we're containing that strategy but as do need time to ramp up. So Google is a very quick solution for us, for customers. And also, we feel we separate -- we kind of realign the market into 3 different segments. Secure networking, SASE and SecureOp is much clearer, much better lineup with the customer need and also with different customer demand. So that's much better, more clear compared to the previous one we have whether the FortiGate or some other like enhanced non-FortiGate product. We feel this is a clear 3 segment line up quite well with the customer demand. So we're starting tracking based on this one, also we started compensate sales and the train sales and marketing along these 3 separate segments of the market. That will be more clearly to us internal for customers to a partner to very kind of drive what customers really need in the current environment.
Ken Xie: We're definitely keeping looking. I think right now, the multiple probably more reasonable than the last 1 to 2 years. And also, we do realize the marketing also changing pretty quick. We'll continue to do the internal innovation. We feel we are the strongest on the internal innovation engineering among all the space, player. But on the same time, we also were open to looking for some other companies which we can work together, join together.
Ken Xie: Yes, we feel still in a healthy level and we tend to keep about 6 months' inventory. That's where like when 2, 3 years ago, the supply chain should happen, we are in market position because also a lot of time, our customer need some urgent delivery of certain products. So we're probably still keeping the similar policy there. but also we're in a refresh cycle of our new products, especially end. I think so far, we -- I think we also kind of resurprised in the last 2, 3 years. now since starting to stabilize and so changing from a shortage a little bit more towards even some oversupplied. So we feel we are in a pretty good position because we more handle is operation manufacturer directly. So we handle it better than most of our other competitors on the inventory right now. Yes, we also don't see a big issue about the current inventory level.
Ken Xie: Yes. We -- if you look in the last 2, 3 years, we're growing a lot of business also hired a lot of salespeople -- and the last 2, 3 years, we probably doubled the business. And at the same time, during the supply chain, you should somehow certain sales feel it too easy to get deal because as always a shortage of certain product there. So that's where we feel we need to enhance the training enablement and -- at the same time, I also need to be more disciplined about the performance. So that's -- at the same time, we also -- when we're shifting this to more like a service-based SASE kind of consolidation cross-sell multi-cell secure part sales also need to keep in learning. At the same time, the market need to be kind of more efficient and also kind of a projection to the new growth opportunity. So that's the focus we have right now. So we are definitely keeping looking to be more efficient in both the sales and marketing going forward.
Ken Xie: Yes, it's very good that give us a very quick start to match any other competitor on the location, number of [indiscernible] number up and they also have a broad coverage, so it's a good partnership. At the same time, we continue to working with some other partners. We also will continue to build ourselves. And the long term, we feel we have more advantage than some of our competitors because we always have a strategy invest in some long-term or long-term investment strategy, including some real estate, some other parts which give us a much better long-term return.
Ken Xie: Yes. it's a very good interesting question about the AI and the security. I have to see definitely AI, we're starting kind of getting the security more quickly, both by that good guy bad guy. But in the genetic AI side, I feel, in some degree, the back a probably more leverage some of that one and the Protect side, still more using what we have been doing in the last 10, 20 years, more like a precision AI and make sure we block the type of not blocking traffic but also to generate -- also helping the porting cost and also helping the secure operation. So it's definitely the AI, we're keeping driving the security growth and both in the cloud and also our appliance. We do see our plans also long term very healthy growth, especially we cause convergence of networking to networking security, especially in enterprise, in the compass environment. And we see that trend will continue to grow well and our unique advantage leverage integrated ASIC will continue to lead in the market and keeping gaining market share. So long term, I don't see any slowdown of the appliance to get into the cybersecurity space.
Ken Xie: Yes. Actually, we do give the market growth for these 3 segments going forward. And we also believe we're growing faster than the market growth, gaining share in all the 3 segments. Related to the firewall FortiGate versus some other AP switch. We do see more headwind in AP switch for the AP switch because a lot of supply chain issues kind of pretty much over. And so it's -- so that's probably more headwind compared to the firewall secure networking for side.
Ken Xie: Yes, we also will be keeping salaried training for internal sales force also to our partner for this new SASE SecOp operation which is a little bit different than the traditional secure networking side. So that we also feel the -- with a huge installation base. We have SD-WAN firewall which we're leading. We're number one pretty much in all this area, we feel the huge potential to upsell cross-sell the SASE and secure up once the sales force unevens the partner for the train.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Brian, great question, I should say. One of the slides that we added to the investor presentation for this earnings call actually maps out the what you can see is a cycle -- more cyclical nature of the business than maybe we've talked about in the past with product revenue. For example, in 2017, I think we had product revenue growth of 5% and that was somewhat of a low watermark. The market may have been due and I think there's some analyst studies out there from other members of Wall Street that have kind of suggested that the market was due for a little bit of a pause in firewalls. And I think we're seeing that now. And perhaps there was some delay of that pause because of supply chain issues and so forth, something that may have more naturally occurred in 2021 or in 2022. I think in terms of confidence, broadly, I think that was the intention of looking at the CAGRs and the success of the company that Canada has led the company through since its IPO and what those CAGRs are. And if you look at that combined with that new slide in the deck, you understand that there's going to be -- there has been the past been volatility in the industry and in the company. But over the longer stretch, you see some very attractive CAGRs in that.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the service provider commentary has probably been reported by a number of other companies through this earnings cycle. I don't think that's -- the headline itself is not a surprise. I think the significance of the slowdown in the service provider, at least for what we saw in our business was a surprise, particularly because it's a worldwide service provider number, not just in the U.S. But as I also noted in the prepared comments, we saw weakness in both the U.S. and the Europe, European markets. and that applies to service provider and to the retail sector. I think the retail sector probably is perhaps a little bit more prone to some of the digestion of SD-WAN projects that are still working their way through and maybe that's a little bit different. As well as some of the economic headlines were probably a little bit disconcerting to the retail sector in the earlier part of the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Tal, I'll maybe add to Ken's comments. I think you're correct in that, your interest that the vast majority of the time, our first sales to customers a firewall. It can be a virtual firewall or it could be a physical appliance. And really, that is the beachhead that then go sell these other security functions and products. I think what you're seeing is in part of the shift of strategy and we talk about making the investments in note SASE but also SecOps. It's really that SecOps product family like EDR and SIM and so as such, that you're seeing is doubling down on the investments there because while it's not the largest of the 3 market segments, it is the fastest growing. And I think we have the opportunity to participate in those markets more, particularly now that some of our products have reached a greater level of maturity.
Keith Jensen: Yes. So you had a great point about whether you're talking about free cash flow, you're talking about operating margin. The company does very, very well on the bottom line. And the strategy has been to continue to reinvest that back robustly in both innovation in the form of R&D spending but also in go-to-market, whether that's marketing, whether that's selling. I think we're looking at right now with the sort of firewall market. Obviously, we're trying to bring new solutions to better solutions to our sellers to sell when the firewall is a little bit slower. But I do think it's a workout conversation and looking at the sales coverage, if you will. We've talked for several years about how many -- in North America, for example, how many accounts do we want per rep. We started with 65, I think, 4 or 5 years ago. We were talking about that. That number is now down to 10. And at 10, you're probably reaching a point of where you're -- on the enterprise side, you're probably reaching a pretty good coverage model for our business. You could probably go a little bit lower but that feels pretty good. I think there's another opportunity right now immediately in front of us in terms of how do we continue to support our channel partners, be they distributors or be they resellers and make sure that we're getting the right level of mind share from them. So I would suspect there will be some investments in that part of the business as we go forward. At the same time, I think there's some opportunities here and Ken's talked about it with us about how to be more efficient in how we're spending our money, whether that's in selling and marketing or back office functions or what have you. So -- we're not trying to guide to 2024 today, obviously but we did think that it was important to provide at least some early thoughts in terms of maybe a floor for what 2024 should look like for us on the bottom line.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I would just build on Ken's comment, Brad and all good and fair questions. It's not by accident. We're talking about SASE. If you go back and think about it a little bit, we've been talking about it and in a number of different ways, Ken has talked about the PoP strategy which now you see us accelerating that PoP strategy with the cloud providers to come to market more quickly. The Gartner Magic Quadrant, I think, of the catalyst for the single vendor strategy and having us in the challenger quadrant gives us the bonafides if you will, to have a lot of conversations. The single vendor strategy, that installed base that you referred to, we went back and looked over the last 2 quarters, we've done several hundred SASE deals already. And to be quite honest, that was without any real wood behind the arrow in terms of marketing support and sales support. It was really just how it grew. And it's interesting. I would have expected those first sales that would have been clearly dominated by SD-WAN. They were not SD-WAN customers. They were often times, there were just as many brand new customers coming to us for the SASE solution as they were SD-WAN customers or somewhere and at the third part of the pie were customers that are bars for other firewall use cases. So, I don't -- in the expectation that our -- we're going to be successful initially in the smaller part of the market. I don't think we disagree with that. When I look at that same mix of SASE customers, nearly 50% of those SASE customers that we signed already would be in the SMB space. And then, the remainder was kind of divided up between the larger enterprises and the mid-enterprise. So, I don't think we got here by accident. We maybe just not to talk about it publicly but I think we're well positioned now because of the investments that we've made in the data centers, the PoPs, the operating system like Gartner Magic Quadrant, the fact in a single vendor in the installed base. I think this is the right strategic shift for us to make at this point.
Keith Jensen: To Ken's point, look, we were -- last quarter, we were talking about 20 PoPs because we're building them ourselves, right? Now you're talking about over 100 locations, well over 100 locations. So I think there's a go-to-market opportunity there that this brings to us. I think longer term -- and we know that one of our competitors, this is the approach they take and we have pretty good visibility, obviously, to what their margins are and their investments there. And there's another player in the space that's much more building their own PoPs, if you will. PoPs individually are not huge things, right? I mean they are single-digit number of racks that really have a PoP, I think. So I do believe you need some forward-stage data centers. And I think that's consistent with our strategy that we've talked about, about increasing more and more hosted delivery services and particularly in SecOps. So I think this is not something that we're going to surprise people with in terms of our CapEx spending.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think we included a comment in the -- in my prepared remarks that the available -- we still have -- as of the start of the month, start of the week, I guess, we had $980 million of available authorization for the buyback. And I think you saw some of the numbers that we provided in the prepared remarks about being fairly aggressive during the quarter itself as well in terms of buying back stock. Canada so let me go shopping for companies very often. So I'll defer to him in terms of his thoughts on that.
Keith Jensen: Yes, it is related to the inventory levels. And I think we've been managing it for the better part of the second half of this year. And that's some of the commentary you're getting as we look into 2024 in terms of where the pressure may come from.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I wasn't quite sure if the question was about the Q4 guide or the 2024 commentary about numbers.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I would say that, while we just deal with actually giving guidance for the fourth quarter, Absolutely. I think the assumed close rates, if you will, are dramatic. I think they're the lowest assumed close rates I've seen that I've used in over 5 years here for context. And they're obviously lower than what I saw in the -- what I used for the first half of the year. And I think that -- I would say there are indicators that the pipeline quality is better in the fourth quarter. But in given light of what we've done for the last 2 quarters, I don't think that should put much stock in that. So I'm content to just assume a much lower close rate than I have more recently. 2024 are not really giving guidance. I think that, again, we're talking about buildings here and I know we're all aware of it but really focus perhaps more on the impact of backlog and what it did to billings in Q1 of last year and Q2 of last year and how that eased throughout the year. So you're really going to see comps change I don't know that we're necessarily assuming a dramatic growth ramp of bookings, if you will, at this early stage for 2024. We do expect it's going to improve as we bring SASE online more successfully and secure operations. But I think it's really part of what you're hearing there is really getting clarity on how the backlog impacted 2023 numbers.
Keith Jensen: Yes. The second one is probably easier. I don't -- we have such a large footprint right now in the firewall business that it's going to take a while for any significant changes in the SASE billings if you really think about it coming into and having an impact on our total term. I don't know that we gave the number but we know that we've come back to a more. We're coming down about a month year-over-year in terms of contract term in 2023 compared to 2022, we went from 28 months roughly last year to about 27 months this year. Maybe I could be off by a month. And you saw the impact in the financials. We've talked about that will one month impacts the billings number. I think it's going to take a while for SASE. As I mentioned, we've already done several under SASE deals. We expect to be more successful early on with 1 in SMB spaces and two, with our installed base. So I would imagine that but it's going to take a while to really have an impact on free cash flow.
