Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on this conference call to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the first quarter of 2016. With me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO, and Drew Del Matto, our CFO. Ken will begin our call by providing perspective on our business and product advantages. We will then review our financial and operating results and conclude with (0:55) outlook before opening up the call for questions. As a reminder, today we're holding two calls. For those who have additional or more detailed questions, we will hold a second conference call at 3:30 p.m. Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our Investor Relations website. Before we begin, let me first read the (1:12). Please note some comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular, the risk factors in our most Form 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, please note that we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on the call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on slides 13 and 14 of the presentation that accompanies today's remarks. Please refer to our Investor Relations website at http://investor.fortinet.com for important information, including our earnings press release, issued a few minutes ago, and the slides that accompanies today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. With that, let me now turn the call over to Ken.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Melissa, it's Michelle. The last thing I wanted to add – I think the question was, how big of a part of the business internal segmentation firewall is for us? I think the challenge is, is that the products. There essentially are FortiGate high-end products. So it's hard to sort of separate, when you look at a deal and you look at data, if it's being deployed in the core or if it's being deployed as an internal segmentation firewall. We do know, qualitatively, that it is helping drive the business. We can see that in the type of big deals that we win, but we don't have an actual metric to be able to give you on that.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Sorry. Yeah, Gray, it's Michelle. It depends on sort of the size of the customers' network and how much segmentation they want and how many firewalls they want, and then, also the other thing is that they aren't always – these type of deals aren't always a straight internal segmentation firewall deal. We've talked in the past couple of quarters about landing first feet that were straight internal segmentation firewalls. But it's also an expansion opportunity for us with our existing base. And many times, it includes products for other types of deployments. But I mean they are...
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: ...I mean it could fall in the 100,000 on that, but it's probably not going to be in the million (44:01).
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: It's really early. I mean I think we're seeing it materialize. We talked about it a year-and-a-half or so ago and we're seeing it materialize now, but it's still early in terms of the opportunity (45:03).
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: You have to remember, Scott, the majority of our service provider business is MSSP business. And so that doesn't necessarily get tied into a data center sell-off, right.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: That would be disrupted by data center sales, but there's a minority of our business is just having them use it internally. And Verizon is a public MSSP customer. I can't comment whether or not they are a data center – whether they use this from a data center perspective, but as Drew said, our team feels good about minimal or no impact really based on that division.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, that's true. If you're doing a product by product, so I mean a customer would need to buy more virtual licenses, several virtual licenses versus one appliance. But yeah, if you're looking at individual license, the price point, the ASP is lower and the margin's higher.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. So no – sorry, go ahead. Let me just answer the first part and let them expand. So CP9, we don't even have products out yet. We just announced it, and the products will be delivered in Q2. So that was not a factor. We wouldn't categorize our service provider business as being weak during the quarter. Some quarters are stronger than others, it was exceptionally strong in Q4, and we called that out. But if you look at it, it was 22% of our – of the vertical mix, which is roughly in line of where it's been in many past quarters. It's kind of fluctuated between 22% and 26%, really, for the last two years. So it's a little bit less than it was in Q4, but we've seen this trend several times over the past two years. We wouldn't categorize it as weak. But yes, I mean, less service provider sales would also translate into less high-end products.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I can't give you exactly what it was in Q1. I think in the past it's trended about 65%-ish versus 30 – 65% to 70% of the service provider business is used for MSSP deployments. Again, it changes a little bit quarter to quarter. And I think it's growing – what was the second question? Is that growing faster...
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: I think more in line with sort of overall. I mean, the service provider business has been really steady for us through sort of the accelerated growth phase and that's really driven by the MSSP component.
Michelle Spolver - Fortinet, Inc.: Thanks, Jonathan, and thank you everybody. The call obviously went long today. I guess that's a benefit of not having a lot of competing earnings calls today, but we had a lot of questions in the queue. We're doing another follow-up call at 3:30, so in about a half hour. So if you want to collect more questions and call back in, we're happy to take them. But thank you very much for being on the call today. We look forward to talking to you later and through the quarter.
Unknown Speaker: A question, and congrats, on the solid results. Maybe just a little more, Ken and Drew, on where you're seeing the traction under the new sales structure, particularly as it pertains to gaining new customers in the mid-range enterprise. And then, Drew, I think in the past, you've talked about looking internally at productivity metrics and sales and marketing. If you could just give us an update there, that would be great. Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then, just a follow-up if I could. On the last call, when we talked about the full year guidance, I think there was the two risks that you mentioned, the macro and the sales reorganization. Maybe just relative to three months ago, how do you feel about both those two factors and as it pertains to the second half, what are the things that we should be thinking about that could drive upside or downside relative to normal seasonal trends? Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. Regarding the expansion of 280 bps for – if you see the expansion of 280 bps in 1Q to 2Q in 2015, was this 1Q to 2Q in 2016? It's only half of it, it's 140 bps.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. This is Ken. I think the global sales infrastructure, like Drew mentioned, starting to benefit a lot for us to manage some bigger account, global account and that's making the customer more comfortable to deploy globally, and also, the partner also can support end customer. Actually also, we started to have the global marketing program, which synchronized all the regions together and helping generate a lead and also helping the training and also position in the marketplace.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. This is Ken. I think for the world, the market condition in the network security, we see still we're healthy and still keeping growing nicely, especially in the – we call the internal segmentation. So we see pretty strong demand in there, and also, the new – we call the Security Fabric, which making the internal security, access, endpoint, cloud, all working together, and that also have a huge demand in the customers partners side. So the market is still healthy, continue to drive the demand, the growth there. And on internal execution side, we go through a few months of change in restructuring. It's all improving, and we feel, probably, second half of this year, we can see even better improving in the result.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, this is a market we identified about two years ago. And we're starting to see it's starting to ramp up pretty quickly, and it's starting to get (35:22) meaningful. We're starting to see like one or (35:24) two research report, they say it will be like a few billion dollars in the next three years to five years, contribute maybe like between 6% to 8% additional growth of the network security market, because the traditional firewall, which only deploy and where companies have Internet connections no longer, in fact, enough, and the mobility, the cloud and the BYOD, starting making up (35:51) that border protection no longer effective. So that's where inside enterprise is starting to deploy a lot of internal segmentation, and also the IoT, probably the only effective way to secure is really through the segmentation there. There are some new reporting to (36:08) come up, but we do believe this will be eventually what drive quite some growth and net adds on the current network security infrastructure.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: It's probably a few quarter continuous improvement. And also, including those repositioned (38:41) restructured sales force and also keeping invest and also as a marketing team, working closely with the sales team. And so, we do commit to keeping invest in the marketing and sales, especially in the U.S. side and driving the growth, but that's also we want to smooth out the change, make sure it's a – while we're improving, the same time, maintain the healthy growth.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: This is Ken. I think the IoT, the wireless is really part of the infrastructure. So that's where we talk about, we need to provide the total solution and also consolidate and also integrate together like a fabric. So that's where, I think, we talk about – we had only vendor contracts from endpoint to the access, wireless, to the IoT, and then, the network side, the data center and the cloud. But all this has to be working together and also managed together, so that's the provision – the direction we keeping driving right now.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think, like Michelle said, it sometimes, because of the channel, little bit difficult to see how to identify as an internal or as a perimeter security, but for quite a few case, we see a similar size. And because after the – I think most companies already have the border security, the traditional firewall deployment there. But what they miss is really how to secure internally, so that's where we see – but internal, you need to deploy like where the switch deployed, and also match the speed of switch, which tend to be 10 times to 100 times faster than the traditional firewall throughput there. So that's where we see, probably, I'd say for the deal size will be similar, if not larger – something even larger than the traditional perimeter security, in an enterprise environment.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. The two products we just announced, 6000, 2000 probably more towards supporting enterprise, the carrier for the internal high-speed deployment environment.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. This is Ken. I think we tend to – when we upgrade the system, the new generation tend to be on how our price is about the same as the old generation, but do improve in performance and the function there, that's where leverage (46:17) the new ASIC and other. That's where you can see the new 6000 and the 2000 we call the E. So that's probably the fifth or sixth generation in the system level. We stay with the same number (46:30) after FortiGate, then, it tended to be priced about the same, similar. But the new system do give us additional computing power, additional security function capability, especially like we announced the – we call the enterprise bundle security compared with the traditional UTM bundle security which added two additional new subscription service. It's the ATP subscription service, and also the mobile cloud security subscription service, so that's in the enterprise bundle that will be – each additional service, individually, will be 20%, but bundled together, probably like a 25% or 30% above the traditional UTM bundle. So that will be, long-term, driving the additional subscription service and also the additional value out of the hardware deployment. So that's where we see that the new CP9 will help in improving that performance a lot like we see the intrusion prevention side, they probably like a 3x of whether the CP or the previous processor there. At the same time, we're improving like the (47:43) performance like 14 times, 15 times faster than whether (47:49) the CP or the content processor. And the same thing for other security – additional security function put in the content processor.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. For the Meru, we – fully integrated team is we just went out for like a Wi-Fi security together and using FortiGate as the way to manage that. So I don't think Meru contribute much at all.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. Once we have a new FortiASICs or some other new technology, it's going to take some time to gradually build into the system and also have the FortiOS, the software gradually to leverage that additional computing power or the function there. So that's where we – like, we're constantly keeping improving. So if you look at – we have probably 20, 30 different models of a FortiGate. So you know that every quarter there's one, two new upgrade refresh come out. So that's where we don't see much like a big change, like from quarter-to-quarter, but we'll continue to refresh. Like, take the last two years, we refresh a lot of the high and the mid-range that we call the NP6, network processor sixth generation. So that's pretty much done. Then, we started in this cycle the content processor. We also have our other chip, we call the System-on-Chip which is more targeted low end product there. So that's where the three FortiASIC chip will help in keeping driving, refreshing the system like gradually, quarter-over-quarter. So every new things come out, we try to leverage the latest one, but we also try to, like, upgrade one generation. You only think about like a three-year timeframe to keep and upgrade. That's more like a 20 to 30 different FortiGate system. It would take some time. And also, we're starting to leverage the FortiASIC expanding into some other products, non-FortiGate like the web security, the Sandbox, in the email, some other. You see also the growth of the non-FortiGate product, we call that application security side, starting accelerating – starting to grow faster than the overall company growth, which like the super majority do come from FortiGate. So the other products are also starting to see a lot of growth whether to up-sell, cross-sell and also leverage the technology we've developed on the FortiGate side starting expanding into some other applications.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: We have not seen any changing in the competitors' side yet. And also with the new 6000 and 2000, we feel we are even increasing the lead, the gap compared to competitors. Like we said in the earnings clearly, we have pretty much all the major carriers globally as the Fortinet customer and we're keeping expanding with them, especially on provide additional service to their managed security service up in this year (1:02:56). So we see it's a still huge growth opportunity, and at the same time, we have the best position. So far I'm not seeing competitor, whether from some software security company or some other network company, have the product come close to what we have. So the CP9 will help in especially driving the quarter whether the next-gen firewall or some other performance a lot at the same time, the new 6000 system also improving the performance a lot as built in (1:03:25) faster than the previous solution which we feel we're keeping leading in that space.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: It's still relatively small. I don't think we really separate that out right now. It comes from a very small base, but growing very fast.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think that's where some data center security, they may use in some software to segment in some OS level and some other area. But if you look at enterprise infrastructure, that's where I'd say probably 97% of firewall deployed to secure the enterprise, which they only deploy on the Internet connection, the border side. But more inside separate departments and separate, like the important data server, so that have not been done before, and we're starting to see the trend to really deploy internally, and where you need a switch deploy. Also some data centers also have a similar approach. So the software model applied within the server level, OS level ,compared to (1:12:17) on the infrastructure. And also, you can see even the biggest cloud provider, they also, like (1:12:24) Amazon or whatever, they also say the hybrid model is the trend in the long-term. You still need to have the physical deploy in the enterprise in a user side, compared to some into the cloud side. So I see, for us, we have a both approach. We do have the cloud software version, which we see a nice growth. We mentioned in the script there and that's come from a small base, but growing pretty fast. But also the internal segmentation, which you see in the high end and also middle range products, because the middle range product we have, half of it is have the 10-gig interface, which internal segmentation mostly had to be able to deliver in the 10-gig performance. So that's where the middle and the high end were starting to fit into where the segmentation deployment will be.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: For our service providers, a very small part go with their internal security, but most come from the – call it managed service, the service provider offer to their customer, most enterprise customer. So that part we see as very healthy. And internally, I think it's probably – from our side, we don't see much change.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: We view to manage the security you need to be addressed the whole infrastructure, including the endpoint, so that's where the Security Fabric message. So that's the partnership you talk about is part of the whole Fabric solution, our Security Fabric solution there. But like some endpoints, especially, the new IoTs and mobile device also need to be addressed both at endpoint and also infrastructure. So they need to be working together. So that's where we're starting to see some healthy partnerships develop right now. But at the same time, you've seen the Security Fabric to really link everybody together and manage benefit together so that's the direction we're heading right now.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: That's just starting but we do see more partnerships will be formed going forward using the Security Fabric.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. Also on the marketing side, we have a very strong team in a position. And a few VPs, really the best in the industry whether they come from the communications side, the lead gen side, the products side and also helping driving the demand. I think the team is there. We're keeping invest more in there. But at the same time, we also keep investing and recruiting and grow in there, both internal and externally.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah. And let me add some clarity there. So the price we increased is that we call it a UTM bundle, which offer four services – four subscription services, if you buy individually (1:23:32) of our price. So when we bundle together of a full service, called a UTM Bundle, we increase that price by 10% one year ago. And then early this year, we started an offer we called the new subscription service which is ATP and also the mobile cloud security service. That's starting – putting that we call the Enterprise Bundle. So the Enterprise Bundle, price-wise, is about 25% above the UTM Bundle, which bundles six services together. So that's the one we started promoting there, because customers see the additional need for the ATP and also for the mobile cloud security. So that's where we're starting to see – we're starting to ramp up this year. So that's where the pricing bundle strategy we have.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: You know, the internal segmentation firewall need to deploy in a very high speed environment and the internal spend tend to be 10 times to 100 times faster than the border security. That's where most of our competitors don't have that technology to address the high speed environment. And at the same time, the deployment is also different. It has to be more automatic provision instead of depending too much on fixed policy. So that also have quite a different need. So far we don't see any other competitor come close to even address this market. We see this is a huge opportunity and we're keeping investing in this area.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: The FortiOS mode (1:30:00) works for the FortiGate. That's where is the center, the network, including the internal segmentation solution there. But when you cross to the like end point, the access and then the application, the cloud, IoT, then you need to have a – some different solution working together whether it's the internal Fortinet product or there's other third-party product. That's where we try to use in this a Fabric, Security Fabric approach to make it all working together. Because the biggest challenge I see a lot of enterprises facing today is too many products, whether pulling products in order to manage, how to make it working together, manage together, reduce the management costs is really the issue, because the management cost tend to be higher than the product cost. So that's where the Security Fabric try to get all wave together, linked together and also working together to address the whole IT infrastructure instead of just a point in the infrastructure side.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. And Gabriella (31:24), I mean at the end of the day, we grew 30%, 3x the market. The only place we really saw a drag, so to speak, I would say was Latin America. That was just a tough quarter down there. I mean clearly, economic issues across the region, and then, in Brazil, in particular, not only the economic issues, but political issues and even the Zika virus is probably causing some concern down there. So I mean that was the toughest region for us. We actually felt like transition was smooth given some of the remapping that occurs in a transition and the fact that sales cycles often take anywhere from six months to nine months. So I think taking that all into consideration, we were pretty happy with what we saw.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. Fair question. In January, we talked about Latin America and that absolutely came to – we saw that as an issue. It clearly was a headwind in Q1. And we're calling that out going forward. I just spent some time on that, called that out in the script. So that's certainly there. Beyond that, I think what also was happening in January was the stock market. We were – I think there were some concerns, just not only us, but others, that that might cause a drag just on the economy as a whole, but it seems like that recovery – that's recovered. So I think that's good. And then, beyond that, I still see some concerns about the Chinese economy. Didn't seem to be much of an issue this quarter, but going forward, if that were to decline or get worse, that could potentially be a headwind for us. We don't have a lot of business in China. It's probably less than 2% of our business, but we'd be more concerned about trading partners, if that created just a broader headwind outside of the country of China itself.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. And just to follow on to that, Melissa, it's Drew. When Ken mentions IoT, it's important to know that most of the devices out there are headless or lacking security, and so, they're going to be – a lot of those are going to be accessed through network through a wireless layer. And there's really just access controls there. And so, once they're in, the segmentation becomes a very important architecture strategy for companies as those begin to proliferate. So that's just part of the vision going forward, and we're seeing some interest there.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, the realignment really has taken place. In terms of the enterprise business, I mean the number we used to give out in the past, quite frankly, was the team that no longer exists. What I would share – I think I shared in the script that the North America growth was in the mid-30% range. And so, it feels like the realignment went smoothly. We did well, if you look at the large deals or if you look at the product mix, the high end did really well. And those are factors to kind of to show really who's buying the product. So it tends to be larger customers buying the product with the large boxes and again, the large deals tend to be an indicator of that.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure. We went to a more regional approach, is what I would say. We basically – I think the top two things are, one, go to a regional approach and then, peel off the top level for a strategic account team. And so, the regional approach would be, I think you'd have people in the west, the central and the east, for instance, and so that they're closer to the company – customers, versus flying around the country. One of the things we saw, we give the examples of the financial services team was highly focused in Manhattan, yet there are banks elsewhere and we weren't really covering those, because the teams in the local area would effectively stop (40:30) calling the financial services – the banks in their region, because they were expecting the financial services people to do it. And we weren't really just getting the scale we needed to touch those customers. So those are really the big changes. And so, when you think about that, there's some remapping and it's not 100%, but there's definitely some remapping of accounts. And that, although it went smoothly, again, just keep in mind that it takes – probably takes six months to nine months for a sales cycle. So we're still hopeful that that will ramp a bit more.
Andrew H. Del Matto: And Gray, you also asked about sales cycle. I mean I don't think these are particularly short sales cycles unless it's a follow-on deal. If you follow Michelle's logic, I think, they're just buying more the same than it's a shorter sales cycle. If it's a large new architecture deployment, it's going to take a little longer.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah, I think it tends to be, from what I've seen more and where you would suspect, the verticals you would suspect it, probably first in financial services, definitely seeing some interest in healthcare as well and then even some of the telcos.
Andrew H. Del Matto: It looks like we're down – so I'm just staring at 13% quarter-on-quarter down seasonality. We were down what 10% last year, 11% the year before. So it doesn't feel too out of range at low-teens. I think flat in America probably is the primary culprit, quite frankly. That would probably account for the difference for...
Andrew H. Del Matto: Fair question. By the way, I don't know that, again, the panic buying is probably not our terminology. And I'm not sure those two things go together. But just full disclosure, I mean Q1 2015 had much better linearity than Q1 2016. We got off probably to a better start. I think – think of it like this. First of all, you have Latin America headwind that we talked about. And then, you also have – I think the stock market might have given people a little bit of pause in January. There was a little bit of caution out there, and then, obviously, we had our sales realignment. And so, things picked up very nicely as we proceeded towards the end of the quarter.
Andrew H. Del Matto: So we're searching for a global marketing head. We continue to do that. From a strategic standpoint, our strategy remains to invest in marketing. We have our plans that we're executing against. We've tripled the marketing spend over the last several years. We continue to invest there. And we think those are paying off, primarily in the area of market awareness, clearly, building a lead generation team and a process there, and then, focusing a lot on training, especially with the new sales realignment. Those two things go hand-in-hand and they seem to be going very well. So we're very committed to the marketing. We're very committed to our partners and that seems to be going very well.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. And Rob, I think Ken addressed the timing. What I would say is – what it really gives us is a tailwind of market awareness. And so, it gives us something to discuss with our customers and prospective customers where we're reinforcing the message about the Security Fabric and showing how this tethers into it to drive higher performance and innovation. And so, that's the message we're trying to drive. That's what we're doing with this. And again, there's obviously a higher performing product there, but it plays right into the strategy and the vision that we're communicating to our customers and it gives us a great opportunity to talk to them, whether it's trying to do a new installation, up-sell, cross-sell or just grab a new customer.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, so let me take the last part first, if that's okay, how do we get to 15% for the year? So obviously, you've seen some margin expansion on the service – clearly, the services line where we're executing a strategy of selling retro subscription offerings on the FortiGuard side and that translates – that manifests itself into the higher priced points we discussed a year ago. You see those basically flowing into the P&L as they amortize from deferred revenue and that drives just a more – a higher gross margin which is effectively floated down to the operating margin, that along with the higher than expected revenue. So those are obviously good things. We've guided on those. So I can't really touch any more on it. But we're very focused on managing costs and living within that envelope, 15%. We feel like we're off to a great start and we're working well together internally to execute against that target.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, look, I mean gross margin is product mix dependent as well. So we clearly feel like we're doing well with the recurring revenue. The price increases are clearly taking hold, but there's obviously some uncertainty and caution just around product mix which can influence the gross margin overall. So as we continue to see that uplift occur, that's something we can obviously look at going forward where we take that – where we guide on the gross margin, but I think it's a bit early yet.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, Meru is fully integrated, Scott. And what one of the things that's occurring right now is that, it's literally in the price book, and before, we had the sales force integrated, but the price book was separate until January. So it doesn't really – you don't get kind of the factors, both teams, the incumbent Fortinet team and the legacy Meru team, selling both products. But now we're kind of that. And so, clearly, you have the opportunity to sell either one and the lines become a little blurry on it. The idea all along was, again, this Security Fabric strategy where you're going from IoT into the – end-to-end from IoT into the data center. Access is really the only security right now in the Wi-Fi layer and what we can do by selling our controllers is have an integrated platform to sell all of that. And that's kind of the strategy. It's a little broader than your question, but that's effectively the strategy. So across the board, the wireless team did fine. And we look forward to that actually doing, I think, increasingly better, as we integrate the code on the products and we're able to sell the controllers across the product line.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah, we – Taz, we looked at the – I think it's a point higher, right? Yeah, it's 1% higher and it's been trending that way, and part of it is just really due to the – you're taking it off – it comes off at the old price and goes in at the new price, so there's a bit of an uplift there. Along with the fact, the way the accounting works, again, when you value the invoice for revenue recognition, you're going to weight more towards the higher price, so you end up deferring a little bit more too. And if it's a long term deal, you're deferring not only the higher price, but some multiple of that, because you carve out the number of years attached to the deal. But when we looked at tenure of the deals, we didn't see any change this quarter. So we don't believe it's that; it's not like we're hitting the billings numbers by extending deal terms.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Andrew, fair enough. I would say nothing has really changed. I think we're being – we're really looking – as we just talked about on the gross margin side, we're looking for a more trend, a longer trend of a performance there. And then I think that's obviously something we'd consider. We've committed to the 15%. We stay committed to that. We're certainly trying to manage within that envelope. We've done well there. We hope we'll continue to do well there, but for right now, we're going to stick to 15%.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Well, Andrew, I mean we – always spending plans are – we really kind of manage within the envelope, quite frankly. And so, we're continuing to invest some things, probably – we probably didn't end up, quite frankly, spending as much as we thought in Q1. And so, some of it turns out to a timing difference, where it just may show up later, where you may still spend something, for instance, on marketing, maybe you were going to start a program in Q1, you're not starting until Q2. And so, it's just too early to call it, I think, just three months into the year.
Andrew H. Del Matto: What I could share is, again, what I would say is, just the business is blank so much it's not – (1:08:51) it's kind of hard to predict. Our wireless business is less than 7% of our total billings, if you will. The Meru piece of that might have been slightly more than half of that, something like that, when you look at the Meru products, again, I would – it's hard to consider that organic growth now, with the teams fully integrated and selling into our installed base and vice versa, it's just – I'm not sure that really applies in this case.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure. Maybe start with the last. I think start with the good news. Obviously, subscriptions are very sticky. So they do provide that recurring revenue stream. We've been focusing on it, Gregg. If you listen to the call for the last, I mean year and a half, we've certainly been calling that out as one of our objectives, a great way to stay attached to the customer. And then obviously the predictable recurring margin expanding revenue stream that comes from it is a very nice thing from an economic perspective. And so we're seeing that happening. I think we're getting very good at selling it as well as we focus on training. And so, we're optimistic that that continues. And then, just in terms of the line itself, yeah, it's really that. You're starting to see it amortize and then layers of it amortize and just kind of that compounding effect starting to come through. There's also a little bit of software in there. I talked in the past about how some software virtual licenses effectively get deferred, if they're more of the ratable nature let's say for some reason and so that shows up on the services line as well. And I think that's really the explanation there.
Andrew H. Del Matto: That's right. One of the key attributes of Security Fabric is openness, the ability to integrate with some of the point solutions out there at any point in the network. The value, again is the fact that we can integrate that from IoT into the data center with a common operating system.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Generally filled. We're still growing. I mean, keep in mind we're growing – we're still scaling the business, Walter. So we'll continue to invest. There's a couple of open positions. There're definitely some open positions to fill, but at the level you're talking about, so you may see that. But we're going to probably – you're going to continuously recruit as you grow and scale the business. And we're trying to be very focused on getting experienced sales people who are motivated and gets to the space (1:20:05). So you're very selective on who you hire – on who we hire. We want them to have a good technology background and also get the security space and understand the good book of business and be able to work with our team. But I would call it kind of both on your question.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Sure. Erik, I hate to point you to this, but I know, I believe we break it out – I believe geographic mix, at least on revenue is broken out and certainly in the K if not the Q. Yeah. So let's see. It's a significant part of our business.
Andrew H. Del Matto: I would just say it was clearly a headwind and we, even in the phase of the political and economic environment there, we thought it was a bit soft.
Andrew H. Del Matto: We'd love to do that. That clearly is the idea of the Security Fabric to hopefully provide a tailwind to that. That's part of the vision, to sell against that vision. We did see a nice uptick in deals this quarter where we're selling more of the product line across the board. We hope that continues. We think training's a part of that; just training our teams on how to do that and getting them away from being more focused on firewall for instance. But selling the Security Fabric vision, we think helps do that. That's clearly the idea.
Andrew H. Del Matto: Yeah. Clearly, it's something that we address in our training and messaging with our people. I think it's a little early – it's not coming up as a huge issue yet. I mean, with you bringing it up, honestly, quite honestly, it's the first time anybody's brought it up to us. We could certainly follow up and provide more color on that. But it's certainly something we're aware of. We try to weave in as appropriate. But I think it would be better if perhaps we did a bit of a follow up. Great question, though.
Melissa A. Gorham: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Ken, I just wanted to follow up with you on the internal firewall opportunity. So you mentioned a good amount of demand. I'm just wondering if that business is meaningful today, in terms of the financials, and how we should expect that to kind of ramp throughout 2016 and beyond.
Melissa A. Gorham: Yeah. I mean I think security still – the competitor you're talking about obviously, I mean I think it's more their networking business that they might see an impact. Security still remains a strategic investment priority for customers, so that would cover sort of the internal component. And then, as Ken said, the MSSP business which is the majority of our business with service providers is a revenue generating business for them. So very – it doesn't always usually gets tied back to OpEx expense cuts.
Melissa A. Gorham: I can probably – let me at least go point – we don't have the number right in front of us. So let me actually – I can email that to you, Erik. And if it's not the exact number, at least give you something to look back on within our last Q.
