Ken Goldman: And our overall perspective is just better execution all the way through in terms of work with the pipeline closely deals in the timeline that we had expected, I mean is still opportunities you mentioned Middle East we’re still working to, we think there is more improvement made there. We’ve done a lot in terms of hiring in several countries including the UK. So, there is more work to be done. So, we think with the stable point. I would add to the company to grow, I mean clearly our goal that’s what I’m trying to provide guidance. But our goal the company is to grow well over 20%, only way we can do that is to have from the ability’s point of view you may have also grow either in the high teens or 20% because we do expect some of the other areas we have relatively lowest share than more opportunities for larger growth. So, well we made progress, there is still more to be done. But I don’t think it’s more in particular in Europe as suppose to do a better managing the business throughout the quarter and particularly in September.
Ken Goldman: Well, (indiscernible) anything negative at all actually the reality is in Q3, we had a very favorable and I said it in Q2 and it’s not always going to happen. But we had a very favorable product mix. So, in terms of the billing, we had a good percentage of the billing they wanted to basically bundle products. And in terms of that percentage, we had a number of products that didn’t had services initially with them sometimes in people buy non-Fortinet products or approximately used more as buy well is that we were able to recognize a greater amount of those revenues in Q3. And that’s always a little bit hard to predict and so with reasonable caution I’m trying to make sure we don’t get ahead of our sales for Q4 because that’s just a higher number to predict. In terms of the percentage of billing, they go to products versus services and as you noted I do expect from a higher percentage of our billings in Q4 to be at the renewal nature versus product nature.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, I guess maybe repeat your first question, but on the second question the sales there a little bit is how often do we do multi-year deals. And so that we don’t just to be very clear, we don’t provide real incentives to do multiyear deals, sometimes customer and customers wanted to do because they want to lock in the budgets and expenses. But we don’t provide overall real incentive to do that so. So, therefore a launch and deferred that we want to do multiyear deals in our long-term deferred growth is much and that can move around a little bit, but that’s the real reason. I would also say as we are able to recognize more of our billings upfront. Over time, those numbers will attract little closes. So, you’ll see revenue and billing exactly we’re closed to each other than this past year. That’s what I make is a sort of same thing I said a little while ago, we clearly internally target the numbers hired and then we would over time, then we would guide, we are trying to gain shares, very important for us to gain shares, but I don’t feel it’s prudent to provide those numbers guidance, because there is a lot of moving parts of this model.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, we look that we want to be cognizant of the environment that we still feel is little bit uncertain out there. So, we are looking at that. Honestly, we have a number of as I said before shortages. I think we are concerned of the timing of that and our abilities, how much will cover all of that this quarter. I get in some respect now than on the other respect is a lousy prob now, because we are missing opportunities. So, that’s a little bit and that’s been sort of in the medium end product lines and lot of the newer products as well as part of my thinking there relates to the ability to recover if you will from some product shortages that did impact our last quarter.
Ken Goldman: Well, I am not sure. I made that comment a little while ago as we still today have some supply constraints and going out in the third quarter we will see.Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Follow-up…
Ken Goldman: I see the (indiscernible) put in question right, let’s kind I mean there is a variety with this happen revenue this year, one of which is yeah we do have the benefit as I said about $5 million of revenue that would not have been recognized in the ‘08. So, the revenue earlier little bit of pickup in revenue because the new revenue rows. We did have – we are seeing more non-FortiGate products in our billings. So that’s helping the revenue components because as you look at I think you said before we have a little bit great percentage of our billings is going to highly related during the services and then within that we have a higher related percentage going into with the non-bundle hardware, which does not had service. Because I’m trying to benefit customer using at more as a (indiscernible) firewall you may not you won’t have the subscription base that you have otherwise. So, there are some things there then the other point is year-over-year, you may happen to have a very strong multiyear renewals last year in Q3, we didn’t have that this year. So, let me go forward and the talk as we think about clearly we are the simple math you can’t keep on forever having revenue growth higher in billings and so, we are very focused on having going to do in faster, my own sense is it will take us into ‘12 to do that. We will focus based on better supply the products that I talked about before, still improving your ticket is grow somewhat higher and we had before and also increasing a global footprint across the board. So, the pricing that we are doing that I think we get the 30% growth, but we certainly right to get higher growth and have a number the on the 20 somewhere in terms of both those numbers. Have settle out make a long story show here, I’m not trying to guide to that right now and we’ll be proven if you will in our guidance for ’12 and hopefully we can continue to improve upon that as we get more data points during the year.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, what exactly while is the sale so therefore is a revenue item and that’s both how we handle internally and gets reviewed externally. So now we did that and this is the one off we may do some deals from some time-to-time both in terms of selling competence as well as frankly buying competence and it’s not going be at every quarter phenomena, but we were expect to buy sometimes overtime in to their case, it will hit our expenses from an amortization point of view.
Ken Goldman: I think it went down about two percentage points from 63 to 61 and again I look at that number is anything over 60 is consistent with our thinking. It will be affect a function of the million of mix between the high and medium low end, but sometimes the mix within those ranges. So, it’s time to little bit noise in terms of our ability to forecast and see would actually results between 61, 63. If it goes below 60, the absolute revenue will be concerned because I am very focused on and slightly over time, we also give a number of more than 65%, 67% because of that how we can get a overall gross margins up. I think we’ve always done a couple of percentage points are not mistaken Q2 to Q3.
Ken Goldman: It’s more the former, it is, and that we have to go, because we got 50 questions this last quarter. We did a lot of work and study on this and there is a seasonality to our renewals that does recur more so in Q4. And so the renewal opportunity in Q4 was quite a bit higher than Q3. And as I pointed out before we did have several renewals in Europe last quarter in Q3 which for multi-years and we didn’t – so, therefore, you couldn’t renew that this past quarter. And then I can’t really had much more than what I said before as you look at the mix of billings in terms of prices, services, and then within that how much is the bundled hardware, how much of that goes to hardware, how much of that is bundled versus does come to services if you will, because the nation of products we ship. In terms of long-term, I think it goes back before I think sometimes there are certain customers like to lock it in. There are other times when frankly we don’t provide and we actually – people asked me this why would people do long-term, because we don’t provide favorable discounts or anything else. And so sometimes we get those deals, sometimes we don’t in the last few quarters customers have been more willing to, more desirous if you will just to do one year deals.
Ken Goldman: I don’t think that’s macro right now, I actually don’t think. I think it’s more specific the nature of our business and what customers looking to do from time-to-time, I don’t really think it’s macro-related.
Ken Goldman: Now, I am glad you asked. The nice thing about that customer is it’s in the millions, but not a big millions if you will, because I think you remember I said in the call, so now it’s not even close to 10% customer. And it will be deployed over several quarters into ‘12. 
Ken Goldman: Yes. And so we only bill and ship as they deploy, you remember, I talked about 8,000 stores, so they deployed for us, 8,000 stores, we only deploy and ship to basically a series of dates over that period time.
Ken Goldman: So, therefore it’s not really in backlog, it’s not in deferred, it’s just – it will be billed and shipped as a contract that gets billed and shipped each quarter.
Ken Goldman: I don’t have that percentage as yet. We’ll look at it whether we may have for the Q. The number is growing and we make some progress still not, but still good opportunity for us, the best way of saying it. And again net profit as well as the extent that customers as we play (indiscernible) in the pure firewall business you will get some customers that therefore don’t need the subscription part of the service.
Ken Goldman: I think it’s a little bit as how we market ourselves as we go into some of the various enterprise financial services opportunities, where it maybe more of a firewall opportunity and the UTM opportunity. And so it’s in some respect I would argue with opening up another market for us than we have really focused on the past. Ken may have a different perspective but that’s the way I would sort of look at it.
Ken Goldman: The 240 or 241.5 right now is timing, I’m obviously guess that specific I think I said several million and I think I’ll leave it at several million it’s and by the way it’s always it’s a little hard to know exactly, I mean we know what we didn’t shift, but we never quite know whether you never at zero backlog either so, I would just say several million.
Ken Goldman: Now as I look at the I think I talked about we did quite well in France let me just sit down here and take a look at some of these numbers here, yeah, we start doing pretty well and in areas like surprisingly Italy, we did show improvement in the UK this past quarter as well, but then as some other regions in the Middle East we still have a ways to go and then some other regions I would say were flattish quarter-to-quarter in Europe, but overall we saw improvement and we are extremely focused in more improvement in Q4.
Ken Goldman: 2.6 yeah and the net debt obviously was all Americas yeah, I don’t think there is anything else unique in terms of the various breakdowns of revenue, I think as meant our dollars accordingly happy to see the growth in all three regions on from year-over-year revenue per y was quite comparable if you will and relative percentage. Interesting now in the federal part of the government we still work to do. We still not which we’re making progress in the other hand there wasn’t great amount of revenue, we didn’t have a big revenue quarter of those put in federal this past quarter in Q3. We had a number of problems there that didn’t get funded in Q3 and therefore we’re hopeful that will come in Q4, but we’ll see.
Ken Goldman: Well, it’s actually consistent with let me go back to some data I showed before. It was consistent with some of the data I said in Q3 relative to the percentage of our billings by each segment and so in this case service provider was about 28% of our total business that we did have a good service provider a quarter in the Q3. Government was a 11%, which is I said before of the year it is 15 so little less than we’ve done for the year and connect with our government not just federal. The area that I mentioned was high was retail, which was 14% versus 10 for the year. And I commented going to one particularly deal, but a number of other deals in retail that we did see a billions in revenue in the Americas.
Ken Goldman: Well, again this comes back to the point I made earlier as we are recognizing more of the actually and in our number of crises, we call our ability as we actually don’t going to us is bookings in the different number for us which we don’t really disclosed. It’s pretty close to billings, but the number I suppose billings, which means is really what we billed out primarily to our partners. And then revenue is was what we can recognize, but we have had a narrowing between those two numbers for the last couple of quarters probably because the higher mix of products in the billings, which I described before therefore is upfront, probably because the ratable deferred is going down and we work that ratable off, and again because product gives the new revenue roles. Remember the comment I made, one of the last comments I made was we expected that number to be $15 million to $20 million increase in deferred in Q4 as we have more renewals coming up to be renewed in Q4 from a tiny point of view than we had in Q3. We are finding more of our customers creating coterminous, so they are making the deals to renew sort of at the end of the year if you will. So therefore, we have a lot more renewal opportunities in Q4, which will be billings for services, but won’t have any revenue to them. So, it’s better to see a bigger difference between billings and revenues. I have mentioned earlier, $15 million to $20 million in Q4 vis-à-vis, the very few million we had in Q3.
Ken Goldman: I’ll let Ken answer that, but I was giving expectations for our own business primarily as I see it’s not necessary for the industry at large as I didn’t give a number industry large other than standing quantitatively it looks good.
Ken Goldman: No, I think its better execution and I think I wouldn’t call that product contribution in Q3 now.Scott Zeller – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you.
Ken Goldman: Well, I’ll say just why as some of the products that we will sell into retail may have a little bit lower gross margin then our high end product. So as you will get sometimes the mix shift between some of the categories of customers and in terms of kind of products that they will that they order that will have some impact on our product gross margin.
Ken Goldman: I don’t have anything more I did make a comment earlier as you recall that historically we have been somewhere between 60% and 65%. I think for us to increase our gross margin beyond the 74ish range we have been operating, we would like to see that gross margin longer term we get up above that number. But, we have not set a clear guidance if you will. Yes, the balance that with right now we are much more focused on market share and so to the extent that and so we work hard, if your question we work hard to get products down as quickly as we can innovate quickly as we can and we are not as focused yet on working every last dollar of product costs that we could and would help gross margin as we try. Again, our focus is really bringing out the newest and best products as opposed to bringing out the last few sense in them that may become more important as times goes on, but we don’t see that right now focus for either this year or next year.
Ken Goldman: Right now, those are back to their backlog. What you worry about is this to extent you don’t have inventory and a customer comes into the channel looking for X, Y, Z product and they can’t get it from you, do they go somewhere else. And so that sort of hidden backlog if you will.
Ken Goldman: I don’t know, I’m not sure we think of this. The only time we give that I could think of special discounts is we have excess inventory or too much inventory in particular products. We may do some things to (indiscernible) channel to sell those products, but that would be on all their mature products as opposed to anything that’s common to us.
Ken Goldman: Yeah, I mean, as Ken says I mean the channel to extent that they are we don’t have to find end user customers at the extent that they want to do some special arrangement, that’s certainly their progress.
Ken Goldman: I don’t think now, because those, it doesn’t affect you at all, because we didn’t shift those products. And I would say those products generally have product comparable gross margins that not a very, very lowest of end products not a very highest and either. So, I don’t but so we didn’t, so we didn’t ship but I think the margins and our gross margins of those products are probably comparable to our overall average.
Ken Goldman: I don’t know if you could answer this, because I am sure you have so many different technologies on top of your appliance, but the customers that you sold to, did you have the most interest in your e-mail security or anti-virus or web security intrusion prevention or what was besides the core ASIC fired the fastest firewall in the universe and the block every threat out there the software content on top, but you possibly name what was hot in driving all the billings during the quarter.
Walter Pritchard – Citi: Hi Ken, just a couple of questions on the numbers, just on product gross margins looks like those take down a bit quarter-to-quarter and I know you said not very too much into that, but it was part of the biggest thing we’ve seen from one core to the next and just want to get any detail on that.
Walter Pritchard – Citi: Got it. And then just on related on cash taxes, you talked a little about next year. I’m just wondering cash taxes next year any change in what you see next year versus what you saw this year.
Walter Pritchard – Citi: And then for 10 digits on the new products, how should we think about the ramp-up of some of those – I know some of those are higher end and may take a while, but how should we think about impact in Q4 versus is that really impact next year that we see those.
Ken Xie: Yeah, great, yes, I’d say – let’s say that the – we did a lot of review of that and I would say we expect to in the assumptions I gave is that we expect cash taxes to be very well in Q4 and as we seen today, our cash taxes again some people asking questions on this. But in terms of we actually pay for taxes in cash will be approximately the same in ’12 as there is in ’11 and that’s primarily as we get a better handle on our stock option deductions and what’s been achieve so far this year and we have going forward that’s our best feel at this point. So, I think our cash taxes will be basically in the single-digit millions.
Ken Xie: Probably more impacting first half on next year because once the new product introduced you to take two quarter ramp-up and I think it probably will see the benefit next year.
Ken Xie: You’re right, I think I said as you rate about revenue although the real impact was also on billings because we couldn’t bill for surprise that we didn’t have. And we’ve made assumptions as to the timing of solving the critical at the inventory shortages and so forth would be little cautious because the problem we had sometimes is to extent it’s low end products and your channel doesn’t have it. The chance you could move that business to a competitor so, that’s the hard for us to gaze right now. So, we try to be prudent to be little cautious that the trend we want to use in terms of our forecast for both billings and revenues in Q4.
Ken Xie: Yeah, we tend to mentioned there are some components with a venue or too in some of the products we used it’s nothing negative on then, but they do have longer lead times that were used to and so that more affects our ability to upside some numbers and then make our forecast.
Ken Xie: Yeah, I’m looking on my from the general counsel here and you’re saying to me we are not announce that I think (indiscernible) so, we’re getting answer.
Ken Xie: Yeah, there is no actually fair question. We haven’t really fact anything new in that as to we certainly consider does it make sense to buy back stock, we had not made decisions around that. We do look at from time-to-time both some small and little bit bigger than small acquisitions if you will, still have not pulled the quarter many of that as well. So for right now, it will build up and that’s all I do really say, but we are mindful of it’s certainly a basically a zero percentage net income, it’s not earning us very much.
Ken Xie: I call Michelle is driving, because FortiGate also being used as a firewall, which pretty much, no need followed my subscription, that’s probably the majority of some additional product side. The non-FortiGate is very small is probably 3% more, because the FortiGate is due prior the supermajority of a growth and the non-FortiGate does sometimes sell together with FortiGate, but it’s lower small percentage.
Ken Xie: Yeah, I think financial service we see some good growth and because we build a team about nine months ago and starting kind of a engage a lot of a deal and we see a largest growth potential there. The other new market we see really the education market so, you must grew that said is already we’re in a few major university and also we’re starting getting a lot of university. So, this quarter we’re starting to building team dedicate for the education market so, what differ in education market or the customer tend to be lot technical. They do a lot of test in the evaluation himself as much less influenced by the marketing some other opinion, but some marketing firm. So that’s what we see the huge benefit because our product basically technically lower strong both on the performance and now on the security side. But it probably do a less marketing compared with amount of firm. So, we found that education markets really at the pretty strong technical background (indiscernible) testing the product and you see the real benefit so, that’s we see potential huge growing in this education market for us.
Ken Xie: I think so far in we don’t quite the Check Point in the service provider, we do see in the enterprise area, we get service provider they need a special box to be at (indiscernible) and also across the new execution, which need do you have a lot of high reliability and also we don’t have there. And so that’s need a more special higher design also we shift space compared with a blade basis, which is more in the server market of software base. So, I think we see trip on probably sell more appliance compared before and but I have to say in the high end we do see more Cisco, Juniper and still not much in Check Point yet. But on another side, Cisco and Juniper the lack of the function whether on the higher in the antivirus of institutional function compared to we have. So, that’s pretty much the high-end that we see today. Still a lot of service provider and we took had some vertical market like enterprise and the finance service, which we see more Check Point there.
Ken Xie: The other point, the backlog, the few million dollar backlog will be in the booking will not be in the buildings, so that also contributed a little bit mix since the number to our close.
Ken Xie: I think it’s certainly very few years the enterprise and it will be refreshed, replaced whatever the network security what they have today. So, we do see the trend starting few years ago that integrated solution whether you call UTM or called next generation firewall which is the same function or the same feature kind of starting to take over as the new trend there. So, I think we are continuing to see this new integrated solution get into that enterprise in the next few years. That’s where we introduce a few new products with few what will be customer benefit from the multifunction, the price performance with this UTM or integrated solution. So, I think even the whole economy environment maybe slowdown a little bit, but the integrated solution tend to be more cost savings. So, the customer will benefit from that. The other thing like I mentioned is really the performance study kind of more and more important, especially in the vehicle cloud data center environment, and the past, the service provider which offer all these kind of added service. That also will help to drive the growth a lot. One thing we also keep in trying to improve is really the SMB, we see now because especially in the emerging new markets, there is still kind of try to deploy more internet to the SMB to the biz zone in there. So, we see the smaller and user SMB side also have a pretty quick growing, especially in the new emerging market. So, I think overall we feel probably the network security space probably will be grow faster than the overall anti-security and then the integrated solution definitely will be grow faster than the overall network security growing. So, I think that the whole IT security probably maybe about 5% and network security maybe different industry and different feedback probably about 10% and definitely the UTM or the next year firewall the integrated solution probably will grow faster than 10%. So, we feel we have a good product technology and also been there early than other competitors, so we will keep in benefit from this trend, but overall still relatively if you look at overall network which 8 billion to 10 billion, so the integrated part only come about like lag (indiscernible) and bidding and the other is more single for IPS or how you intrusion EPA and all this counsel. There are just two future the growth with a huge market. So, I think more we are probably enjoyed that the grow in fast as the market in the next two years.
Ken Xie: I think it’s a kind of different strategy for U.S. and also for international wise. The U.S. I think we do have all the major distributor walk with us, but on honest that, we also need to working with a most specialized system integrator. So that’s probably not quite focus in the past, because this specialist integrator they are worked us certain vertical market like we mentioned what in the finance surveys in education and healthcare. So we definitely will keep enhance to working with the system integrator and a few fund of distributor. On the international wide, I think there is few a lot of a green space that up in the area when you keeping expanding ourselves. At the same time, certain larger country overseas we’re all thinking try to specialize the team focusing sort of vertical market compared to right now we put it might all focus by country by region like we did in U.S. a few years ago. So, but the U.S. in starting like two, three years ago, we’re starting more focus in some vertical markets that we see the bigger deal with CSM, some huge rent because once we focus in certain vertical market which tend to be bigger deal, but also take a longer time to cross the deal. So that’s the sales starting kind of a more focus to get a bigger deal down, I think we are keeping expanding in the U.S. in certain vertical market especially the system integrator product and international also starting try to vertical our focus certain vertical market also.
Ken Xie: I am not quite aware in the company why are we doing all of this probably some of the channel partner maybe they do certain trade up.
Ken Xie: But in the company wide, I think we do believe the value of the product. So, we tend to sink in the price as a good value and always good price.
Ken Xie: I think if you look on the overall network security over during this for the last 20 years with three company basically there is a different technology with the developing in this area actually fund early days more try to stop sudden make that topic to feel turned the head there and then toward the network transmission the net which go to the layer three, layer four and then the so called application controls is more go to the packet layer just book on the both header and count on another packet that’s more prior to the inclusion space. And then to the – go to the highest day seven to the application layer and also need assembly the all content that’s what others in across the multiple package compared to a just other called that the packet inspection and then all the stream way which only looking inside the packet not across the pack and not are some of the wholesale. So that’s different layer technology, I think the application layer whatever is lost in new so it’s being the last were 10 years ago when we start the company we called the up secures let me trying to address the application layer and then we found out ready to secure it since you need to go to the four content layer to assembly the packet go to the four content who take out a loss and take it other since. And the margin may call it different and also when some time the market trying to what’s hired up all time to make come up new time. But on the technology side down, the function is that the when the customer take the buyer to the testing is the same since really the trend we see is really go to higher layer, which see both the content of the user, the application, the traffic compared to in the early days you just see the connection, just say where is it coming from and also we don’t need to see the content that’s we’re whether the UTM or (net AR) or application control they all try to look an content. But also look in a content, there is a different label some of them just look on inside one packet-by-packet so that’s what stream way the some intrusion and some application control. But some of them also go beyond look on four content assembly the content that’s what ours – tend to across multiple content. So that’s not a part we do is really to the full content inspection at the same time you see the AC to accelerate beyond the CPU. I think it’s overall also different marketing firm has different type what it says, but in the end they all delivered a similar function. They all tend to address the same issue of the user face and also I have to say Fortinet is that we not too much on the marketing side, so less where we kind of see most successful in some of the telecom service provider and also we are starting to see in the education market, when we are taking (indiscernible) they tend to do the themselves instead that we’ll most depend on the marketing firm to charge them with the term what the next scenes will come up. So that’s how we are – I think we are improving our marketing area and also with the bigger size we are and without the cash I think we are achieving in less in the marketing space, but on RSI, we still fundamentally are technology company, so we do believe drive the technology and also keep up innovation is the core value we can provide to the space. So, that’s where we are keeping our hands. I think we don’t believe we have some unique technology we developed in all these years, all this integrated function or leverage ASIC to our speed and also gave the service provider the tool from virtualization to how this to manage surveys that (indiscernible) solution. I think there is a lot of huge benefit and also the different technology we buildup with all these years. But I think that the whole space Japanese study changing and we will keep in growing and the photo the internet channel, I think this is good space and (indiscernible) the innovation and all the technical players. So that’s where we position ourselves.
Ken Xie: I think the firewall got to layer-4, layer-5 with the basic building block to add additional security function on top of it which including the intrusion, the anti-virus, the web security, and also the span out since. That’s where the performance of fire was quite important and that’s when I build my previous company and that’s when try to more focus on the firewall performance, but after you save the firewall which only can control the connection, but they cannot only see the content, we see the real sins really in the content side. That’s where the intrusion anti-virus and also the web security study come in more important. And I have to say, if you look on how this intrusion probably more go to packet layer (indiscernible) most of it, but anti-virus usually need to go the four content layer cross multiple-packet without assembly. That’s the most difficult partner. I think we are still the only major vendor can address these in the high-speed environment and also with acceleration of the ASIC (indiscernible). The anti-spam we tend to do a little bit platform that’s where the FortiMail come in and also we have the basic function covering the Forti also says that depend on the customer, the vertical market, difficult to say like which the function the try most ourselves, but I have to say probably 80% of customer buy the box, they are able multiple function. So that’s pretty much that the drive, because integrated function we feel is not needed and because today’s environments no longer depend on the single technology, a single function can defend it really has to be joint force has to be the joint force to when the function can defend this whether called the (indiscernible) kind of make it more easy to manage and also lower the cost, because security since I have to say probably generality issue of the bridge is really how people manage it and even we provide a best tool, but if we make complicated manage across multiple vendors, sometimes there is still a issue there. So, that’s the best I can give is really more than 80% is really they have multiple function.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Yeah, would you quantify the impact of the shortages of products billings has been greater than the impact, the benefit of the sale of times or less than.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Okay. And then on the improvement in EMEA, I think historically talked about some of the countries that have made up the bigger contribution, you gave some examples like UK and what our fields, but how would you described the mix of revenue with EMEA in terms of where you are seeing the strength or where is may be from further areas of improvement.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Okay. And then last question for Ken Xie the Check Point is not true refresh the product line, they are very high end is playing some very high throughput numbers. When you look at some of the big hosts that you have in the quarter and so the real world testing, how would you kind of backup the performance of the leading vendors out there when it comes to just kind of careful powers in the overall UTM and the UTM of permutation.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, this is (indiscernible) Kiera’s line. I have just one question about revenue breakdown by regions. Because when I look at the sequential growth, which is about the $13 million roughly, $10 million come from the Americas if my numbers are right? And there is a $3 million in Asia Pacific. So, if you focused on the Americas, I’m wondering if you can on top of this if you can related this $3.5 million you refer to the beginning, which region was it allocated to. And second, what happen to federal, I think Ken, you went through it very quickly to beginning I just couldn’t write it fast enough. What happened to federal we’ve seen very strong orders, I shouldn’t say federal, I should say government. We have seen very strong orders from other companies this quarter and I’m wondering if it explains some of this $10 million sequential increase. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: I think you said at the beginning maybe I’m wrong with the number, the beginning you said there is a one-time, sorry for the patency that you sold.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Second and last question, the difference between bookings and revenues, if I go back year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter or even your guidance, there is quite a good difference between bookings and revenues, is this particular quarter in September, there was only $2 million of difference in the question, but then there was $2.6 million also in the mix or maybe if I remove that maybe $4.6 million I’m not sure how we goes into the booking side. Can you just speak about the difference you’ve mentioned it briefly on one of the answers, but why is it different only in 3Q, but not in 2Q or 4Q or for the year or last year. What is so…
