Kelly Blough: Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone on the call for joining us this afternoon to discuss Fortinet’s financial results for the second quarter of 2017. With me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet’s Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Drew Del Matto, Fortinet’s CFO. Ken will begin our call by providing a high-level perspective on our business. Drew will then review our financial and operating results, and conclude with our forward guidance before opening up the call for questions. During Q&A, we ask that you please be conscious of limited time on this call, and make your questions brief to allow for others to participate. As a reminder, today we’re holding two calls. For those who have additional questions, we will hold a second conference call at 3:30 pm Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our investor relations website. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that on the call today we will be making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular the risk factors on our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of this date and we undertake no obligation, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to update our forward-looking statements. Also, please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on slides 11 and 12 of the presentation that accompany today’s remarks. We also encourage you to refer to the Investor Relations section of our website for important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago, the slides that accompany today’s prepared remarks, and other important information about the Company. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Ken.
Kelly Blough: Melissa, to get your question on our expectations, I think it’s fair to say that we don’t have really high expectations for that segment of the business for the rest of the year.
Kelly Blough: And I’d like to just remind everyone, we’ve got eight or nine people lined up for questions. So, if you keep it to one question and then call back at 3:30 that would be great.
Kelly Blough: It looks like we’ve got through all the questions with three minutes to spare. Thank you, everybody so much for dialing in. And we look forward to speaking with you again in about an hour, an hour and three minutes and please call back in for the second call. Thanks.
Ken Xie: Thank you, Drew. We are very pleased with our second quarter results and with the leadership that Fortinet is demonstrating in the market today. The Fortinet Security Fabric offers us a unique and strong competitive position, and we are gaining market share against our competitors and mindshare with customers around the world. In closing, I’d like to thank Fortinet employees, partners, customers, and shareholders for their continued confidence and support.
Ken Xie: Yes. And just to add a few points as well. We see the GDPR as generally positive because they drive a lot of internal security segmentations and that’s the -- the Fortinet Fabric story is feeding quite well. And also the additional reporting and administration that’s also a benefit for the security provider. The only downside is they may take a longer time to making foreign decisions. So that we see, maybe delay some of the deal but in general it’s very positive for the space.
Ken Xie: Also the service provider side, we see a little bit, takes maybe long time to make some decision. But we do have a lot of test and evaluation going on. So that’s contributed some of the building softening in the Q2. On other side, we see very strong enterprise growing and especially the Leader in the Enterprise Firewall, Magic Quadrant from Gartner, I think that will help a lot and we see a lot of potential in enterprise sector.
Ken Xie: Yes. The other part is really as some of the service providers starting to have some overlay with certain cloud provider. So that’s also we kind of are starting more focus on the cloud side like in my script, I mentioned, the new cloud initiative, the leadership we have in cloud both on portal and the service side. So, we’re also starting to consider service provider and cloud provider together. And that’s I think overall, if we combine the cloud and the traditional service provider together, the space in service provider, see whatever positive.
Ken Xie: Yes, we definitely see the non FortiGate [ph] which part of the Fabric also grow faster. And also the Fabric including the cloud, including endpoint and that’s where the FortiClient and also the cloud offering and some other like AP and also need a lot of surveys and also some other emails, switch, FortiMail, FortiSwitch. So, all this actually drives overall growth and also the potential markets much bigger. But also we need to train ourselves, train the partner, it’s beyond the traditional firewall, general fire, it’s also including how to cover the mobile device like the example I gave, how to protect the ransomware just like a four, five line of defense. And so that’s all kind of looking to help customer to stop all the ransomware there. So, we see the growth of the Fabric Solutions at much faster and but also take some time, because some part of the Fabric is really the software as a service; that’s also probably helping contribute, I don’t know the percentage.
Ken Xie: I think if we see the call service provider are mostly public, also some private starting growing quite well, that’s where even some traditional telecom service providers also starting tap in cloud space. And also when we offer the Fabric, the customers need both solutions on-premise in the physical format, also some in the cloud, so they can have the flexibility. So that’s where -- I don’t think we’re just done yet, but we do see the cloud side grow faster on a still relatively smaller base. I think for the long-term service providers region because the cloud, the mobile can play some of the business but on other side like last quarter, the ransomware, some other attack still get into the company network side. That’s where we feel that the Fabric, so they can offer a combination of a physical, on-premise combined with cloud how to protect the cloud, the mobile is also kind of important. So, we see this kind of the overall infrastructure security starting replacing some of the traditional network only security.
Ken Xie: We have a more broad offering and also the price performance also as a better leadership in the space. So, we don’t see much in the competitive space, and also we are taking share from competitors right now.
Ken Xie: Actually the real damage, probably a little bit smaller compared to some other like what happened in the past. But the media definitely gave a much bigger coverage of the ransomware and also the customers also want to know how to protect. That’s where we offer multiple line defense and from the FortiMail side to stop the email, which has a bad content or link attachment and then to the FortiGate which stop all the network site, and then the FortiClient and then FortiSandbox working with FortiSwitch, FortiAP, which also can quarantine the infected host. And then in end also the analyzer FortiSIEM can also give the monitor and real time react. I think overall, it’ really hard to do the infrastructure protection compared to the traditional protect a few point on our side. So that’s where -- once the customer’s been educated about how to protect the infrastructure, which also including traditional side and also cover the mobile and the cloud, they definitely sync in the Security Fabric story much better and much advance, the new generation compared to the traditional Next Generation Firewall security. So that’s where we get a lot of customers, especially big enterprise customers starting, interesting all this Security Fabric story. And so, not also like the Gartner Magic Quadrant also helps a lot and that’s also will be potentially a big potential for us to keeping -- grow more in the enterprise environment.
Ken Xie: In the low-end, we continue leading. And I think based on some ADC data, they have Q1 data on the ADC tracker. We grow like 12.4% compared to a year ago, all the other competitors probably less than 10%. So, we’re keeping gaining share there. At the same time, the unit shipment we probably more than doubled the number -- number to number some other competitor. And we already lead in the market probably like, every -- we say, every like one of a four box deployed globally is a Fortinet box, FortiGate box. So, we already have pretty big market share on the total unit deployed. It’s more because some of the technology we have in the SMB, we have System-on-a-Chip, we call a security processor System-on-a-Chip, which can use a single chip to offer the whole system compared to some other competitor have to lower software in some PC server there. So, it’s a huge advantage on the price performance. So, we keep leading there, we keep gaining shares and we feel we are very strong and we don’t see any competitor come close or threaten our provision on the growth in the SMB. On the enterprise, we tend to a little bit behind, but now we see the momentum is very healthy and we’re gaining a lot of momentum, market share and also with the help of the Magic Quadrant leadership there, that also will open a lot of doors and lot of deals we start seeing come in and starting to get some interest from customers now.
Ken Xie: On the working capital, we have a much more broader product and also the lower end, actually you look at the unit shipment, we’re probably like a [indiscernible] on the unit shipments, because a lot of lower entities, manufacturing some other remote location and they are taking -- shipping by ocean that will take long time because we try to measure the total cost with opportunity cost which is -- you cannot ship in backlog and also the shipping cost, shipping by ocean and also the other capital cost, working capital. So we have a pretty good model [indiscernible] this is different cost and therefore the best combination. So, we feel the model really helping us improving the margin a lot.
Ken Xie: I think we try to combine the WiFi and security together and customers see big value mandate together using 40k. [Ph] So, we see also both in education and some other vertical space, they structure the benefit of a combined WiFi security. Not quite related to E-Rate, which is probably only focused on WiFi but really when we consider the security and the WiFi together like infrastructure security, we have a huge advantage benefit and also even cost savings for the customers for the total IT security solution.
Ken Xie: The hiring environment actually is improving because some of competitors compared to like one to two years ago, some companies hiring like crazy, now is -- we do see more candidates and also a lot of competitors. We also kind of pretty carefully evaluate the hiring and also because early in the year, we also try to see how the business is going. We kind of -- but I think overall hiring environment is improving. We see more candidates come in, but on the other side, we also tend to be more careful selecting the candidates.
Ken Xie: No, I did not delay on the ransomware. Ransomware is helping driving awareness of the importance of security. And also, we try to educate customer to protect the ransomware attack, you need to have the infrastructure approach and not just only network approach. So that’s where the multiple, and defense will be much better solution. On the other side, we do see the GDPR I think still positive but it may take the decision maybe longer. The service provider kind of a little bit different story, because some service providers, maybe evaluate the business model like a CapEx model, OpEx model; some other more relay to how to transition the cloud, how to offer in mobile protection. So, thus tend to do a lot of testing, evaluation, but not quite making a decision yet.
Ken Xie: The Fabric, we see customer running like a lot, because you’d have a too many different vendors to work with. And also we called a Fabric-Ready program, which we have the bigger networking companies, the software companies Microsoft, there is also like HP server, some other. There are a lot of companies we are starting working together to making the management of security IT more-easy and customer, lot of bigger enterprise like this a lot.
Ken Xie: We see [indiscernible] 7,000 and lot of evaluation and actually both in the enterprise and also the service provider, because they have the best performance and the Next-Gen Firewall and other part. But as you know the bigger units usually take a longer time to sell and especially some bigger enterprise service provider, which sometime may take one to two year, but we see the interest is high. We also transitioned some of the D model to E model in the low end and we also see the transition doing well. We do make a little bit reserve on the inventory as Drew said. But so far, the new model, both in the high-end 7,000 and 3,000, also the low end like 60 D to 60 E, we see a lot of good transition right now.
Ken Xie: We don’t see much slowdown. Actually, I think when they enter some bigger deal or long-term deal, the way they calculate which part of the product or which part of the service may have a few impact -- maybe I don’t know, a couple percentage impact assumption…
Ken Xie: Yes. Also finance sector, they are more leading on the internal segmentation and also they lag the infrastructure security including a WiFi together with networking side, especially the branch office. So, we see -- we have a huge advantage compared to all the other competitors with the infrastructure security, with WiFi together with networking security and also with also the security Fabric and internal segmentation. I think that’s all helping and gaining the share in the finance sector. I think the Magic Quadrant we just got in this month in July that eventually will also help a lot because the finance sectors do consult this Gartner Magic Quadrant a lot. So that also helps us to gaining more market share there.
Drew Del Matto: Sure, Rob; it’s Drew. I think for GDPR, we view it really as early stage. And most of what seems to be focused -- customers seem to be focused on at this point is privacy, and that’s really getting the various sector agreements in place with their customers or client base, if you will, and then focus on complying with those rules. And then I think what comes next is the security and compliance piece of that, where they are looking to make sure that they have the appropriate security along with the privacy and then the compliance of course, because there is signs [ph] all the reporting requirements. And that part we think is early stage. They probably want to focus on the privacy at this point, and ultimately security and compliance piece really becomes about architecture and visibility, if you will. And that is something that we think is going to happen. It just hasn’t been a catalyst yet.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. We are sticking to the 150, 200 and the 25% by 2022, Rob, no change there. We are sticking to what we said last quarter, absolutely committed.
Drew Del Matto: Thank you, Kelly. Yes, we are still evaluating that. I think on the revenue side from a product, I mean it looks we’ll be on the model similar to most of the people in space, which I think we are still on our product, upfront product model, the services of course will be amortized ratably. So, we haven’t quantified the change, but I think it’s similar to what you are seeing in space. The commissions, the product piece will be immediately expensed in the quarter, the upfront piece and then the services will be amortized over that time. And as you know, just one thing to note, 2017, this is one question we think we’ll get is, 2017 is our baseline for the 150 to 200 points of margin premium annually and the 25% by 2022. So, as that adjusts the baseline, then we will go from there with the 150 to 200 basis points beyond. But it’s 150 to 200 basis points from the base line which was 2017; if that adjusts, the baseline adjusts.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I mean, we’re roughly in line with expectations, to be fair, Melissa. I think the story of the quarter is that a lot of enterprises are looking at the architecture, the Fabric plays extremely well as we continue the theme of consolidation and customers to look, to buy more functionality in subscriptions and bundles. And we think that plays favorably for us. It’s always hard to call exactly where any given quarter’s going to end. But I think going forward, we feel like we’re getting a lot of inbound opportunities; our funnel looks good. The Magic Quadrant; we believe helps the fact that we’re in the leadership quadrant, the Magic Quadrant on Next-Gen Firewall. And we believe those things create great opportunity for us, along with things like GDPR.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Melissa, we continue to be in evaluation mode with the service providers. We feel like we’re making good progress with them and we continue to be a strong player in the space. What we’re seeing is, I think it’s fair to say, they’re more focused on their cash flow, their free cash flow and they do more pay-as-you-go models. And I think that’s a shift in their business, which means pay-as-you-go basically meaning buy as they need versus buying a large chunk. So, we’ve seen I think some of that quite frankly.
Drew Del Matto: Gabriela, it’s Drew. Just we’ll start from the top of the geographies. So, I think Asia, especially South Asia did I think extremely well, we don’t see -- we continue to see good opportunities there, we saw that last quarter. I think the U.S. in particular has looked good. We’ve made a lot of investments there. The enterprise part of the business is doing really well. We see uptake in the Fabric, the number of Fabric deals and multi-product deals and multi-product customers and penetrating further into our install based. And that’s part of the story, I think primarily certainly in North America and especially in the U.S. If you get into Europe, the GDPR piece of it is a little hard to call. I don’t think we would say that that caused -- that had an impact on our results. I do think it’s fair to say that customers clearly are focused on it, and it’s hard to predict how they will behave, I think in the coming months.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, that’s it. I mean, at the end of the day, the longer term deals are generally enterprise customers and it reflects their longer term commitment to the products and the Security Fabric, Fortinet Security Fabric. Clearly, the focus on the enterprise is paying off and that’s result of it. It did, I think it was roughly flat duration, roughly flat with last quarter, sub 24 months, is that right? Yes, about 24 months about flat, Gabriela. 
Drew Del Matto: That’s right. There is a mix shift I think as us and others in the space have been seeing, I think consolidation is part of it. Clearly the Fabric and the facts that we are doing multi-product deals contribute to that along with selling more virtual products, even the longer term deals as we have discussed before has an impact on how you recognize the upfront versus how much you defer, late on the deferred side. And then the emerging products are doing very well. That’s one area that are doing really well. And again there is the virtual products in that cloud and those again tend to weigh on the favor of the services line, if you will. So those things, those elements are driving the mix shift.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I mean, Jonathan, we are really selling on value, the value of the Fabric, the integration, the management capabilities, the orchestration and visibility that’s required. If you think about GDPR for instance, it’s a spot on. And I think that’s the case in the enterprises. And we are still successful there and it’s because we are selling the value. And so, we don’t -- I don’t think we necessarily feel all the pressures that the other competitors see in the space. And we feel like we are certainly doing a good job of taking share.
Drew Del Matto: Sure, Sterling. No, we haven’t really changed anything. I think as you get more quarters of mix shift, certainly want to reflect that and how you think about the forward revenue. And I’d say that’s what we’re taking into account. It’s just -- I think it’s hard to predict what the product side will be; it’s also hard to predict how much virtual versus kind of traditional hardware, if you will, and then even the tenure of the deals and types of things that impact the accounting. So, what we’re doing is kind of estimating continued -- believe there is probably still a continued mix shift and we just wait more on that going forward.
Drew Del Matto: Sure. I’ll let you get away with two questions. Look, I think what’s different in the model is we have inventory, I’m not sure that Palo has a lot of inventory. And I think that obviously consumes cash and I think -- I haven’t seen the math, how you got to your numbers. But if you think it’s just traditional cash conversion cycle, inventory would be a huge component of that. Our DSO at 68 is better than last year. I mean, I would say we have been focused on cash conversion cycle, but probably the biggest impact is the inventory turns going after 2.2 from 1.6 last quarter. But, the big difference in the model would be the inventory. As far as the real estate goes, we’re through the Vancouver area billings. So, we paid for that in April. That’s reflected in the $58 million of free cash flow we have this quarter, which in a good way, was even better than a year ago, I think, with that big chunk. So, we feel good about that. And operating cash flow was up I think a 113% as well. So, felt pretty good. Now, going forward, again, we’ve guided I think $150 million of CapEx for the year, $120 million of that is real estate related. I think we’re through…
Drew Del Matto: 95 or so of that. So, we have a bit to go. We’ll stick to that certainly for now. And then, in the next couple of years, we said about $60 million each year to build out our headquarter location on property that we basically own. So, rather than go buy building, we own the property. So, we’re going to build here, keep our employees centrally located where they are. They are less at risk; that’s one of the reasons we did -- one of the key reasons for being in the Vancouver area properties is the location and it just appeals to our employees.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Our value preposition is very strong and I think this is really -- again, much of it is distributed enterprise type of situation and hospitality is in there too, and certainly that sector is doing fine. And there are other distributed enterprise types of situations that go on. And so, our Fabric is very strong and we have always sold a lot of units into that enterprise. And I think just from a value perspective our success in that business reflects the value proposition.
Drew Del Matto: Enterprise has been really good, Michael. Obviously, it’s good news. The leadership quadrant on the Next-Gen Firewall from Gartner is obviously important.
Drew Del Matto: No, Michael. There is nothing really to point out there. I think that’s just the way the deals came in this quarter.
Drew Del Matto: I think the way to think about it is, customers continue to buy the Fabric, which includes emerging products which are growing very well, it includes virtual products, cloud, a variety of things. As Ken said, some of that gets recognized on the services line, which I think to your question, Patrick, it is something that we’re seeing across the industry. From our perspective, there tends to be -- there is a continued theme of consolidation. Customers have too many security devices they are looking to consolidate. A lot of that we do through enriched subscription bundles that we charge more for and they’re higher priced -- higher priced obviously, higher margin over time but they get reflected over time. We think actually the fact that on the leadership quadrant, Gartner Magic Quadrant on Next-Gen Firewalls reflects the visionary part of the Fabric, if you will, the vision that actually plays to those things.
Drew Del Matto: Q3 of last year was -- generally Q3 to Q2 is flattish in the absolute dollars, roughly flat, let’s say, could be plus or minus a couple percentage points. I think over time it’s about average, about the same, flat. Last Q3 was a challenging quarter. And so, there was a dip from Q2 to Q3. And so, the growth there I think probably explains most of that, if not all.
Drew Del Matto: Well, look, I think the margins look fine; our pricing remains competitive, Saket. We certainly feel like we are holding price and discounting seems flat.
Drew Del Matto: Again, I think we just -- our products hit the spot on financial services. Performance has always been a key requirement for that space along with excellence in security, and we provide both of those things. I think our vision is outstanding as reflected in our leadership in the Magic Quadrant as we have been talking about. Again, they are looking to consolidate. We are able to provide that and deliver the performance. The management, the orchestration and the visibility that they need to run their security operations and do it effectively and efficiently, and that’s why it resonates there, and we are doing very well in that vertical.
