Ken Xie: I think it's SD-WAN is a long-term benefit for both enterprise and also SMB and because it's also lower the cost of connect to the Internet. At the same time, make it more efficient. And for us, also building with ASIC security together, so they can also have additional secured additional benefit and cost much lower compared to some other competitors. So the market grew about 50% year-over-year. So we see a lot of potential, a lot of pipeline. We do believe we're keep on gaining market share because our solution is a very unique, huge advantage compared to other competitors. And with additional sales capacity we added, like we add head count, 23%. Even during the pandemic, take a little bit more time to train the new sales people, and then they maybe take a little bit more time to gain a new customer, but we do see a huge potential going forward.
Ken Xie: We have this FortiSASE, like I mentioned, even in the last time earnings call, and we do believe it's a part of the whole infrastructure. So as the cloud delivery, we already have some other cloud delivery, but OPAQ definitely keep enhances, and we're making more broad, more flexible for customer, for the partner to leverage the product infrastructure we're building. And so we do see this already and hence, the offer we have. And at the same time, we do have the broadest offering both on the platform and also on the function and also on kind of different form of deployment compared to other competitors we see is keeping ahead our position.
Ken Xie: The enterprise also, including some branch profits we do see some slowdown especially in the U.S. But it's -- on the other side, if you look at our product, which come out like the SoC4 come out 1 years ago, we started building a product like from 100F to 60F for the 40F, then we just announced 80F last week. So we can see the ramp-up, especially in the SMB, including the U.S., as it go up like over 40%. It's very, very strong. Internationally, we're a little bit behind on the U.S. to adopt some new products, including some -- both the low end using SoC4 and also the high end NP7, which is starting to release about like early this year and so starting to ramp up. So that's why we see the benefit of the new product, which easily have a performance like 4x, 5x better than the same cost, which we use in the - - we call security compute rating to benchmark compared to the other competitor is a huge advantage. So we see -- when we have the new product growth that come up very quickly after the testing evaluate on top of the product. But on the other side, the SD-WAN also gave the additional cost benefit, together with the new product cost performance benefit. So that's what helping driving the SMBs. We see it starting growing quite well. Also last quarter, after we announced the high end product, like 1 to 2 quarter, we starting to see the high end also starting to ramp up leverage NP7. So that's the trend. And I do believe sometime enterprise takes a little bit more time during this pandemic to do some deployment. But we do see a lot of evaluation going on. We do see some other interest, including combined, we call security networking together, we call secure-driven networking set the whole infrastructure. That's why the sales probably were more engage into the networking team. And also traditionally, more sales to security. Now as the networking team also starting engaged together with us to call secure-driven networking. So as we see the trend going on quite well. And also, like Keith mentioned, it's region by region, right? So it's a APAC staring to grow more very quickly, over 20%. And simply the pandemic kind of the situation maybe better recover a little bit better. And then we also see Europe probably also growing over 10%. The U.S. is a little bit slow, but we do believe later this year, next year that vaccines over, with the new product lineup, with the additional sales capacity we build, which we'll continue to invest, where we see very, very strong potential going forward.
Ken Xie: We do see some enterprise customer has a good interest about SASE and just like some other cloud or some other platform of deployment infrastructure. So that when we make it as the whole infrastructure security offering. And the dollar or the amount of revenue are still relatively small, which may not impact much of the total billing of revenue there, but there's an interest about this and make it -- so customer want us make sure has some kind of flexibility and also broad offering. So that's where we see the OPAQ acquisition keep enhance what we have on the FortiSASE and also offer more broad, both on the product and the deployment on the infrastructure side to meet customer demand.
Ken Xie: Yes. At the same time, like we said, we're also keep on supporting our partner, including the service provider and even some big global customers, they also want to build in their own SASE to just like the cloud. Sometimes they have the private cloud or the leverage public cloud or the hybrid cloud. So it's a similar thing we're seeing here in SASE, which we're also supporting the partner, the customer try to have their own version of SASE, which is based on the service of zero-trust infrastructure to deploy some security function.
Ken Xie: We do see the enterprise service provider, the high end continue to grow maybe because the new product is announced early this year. And also some SMB, some other part also have very healthy growth. And also, even some of the product target for work-from-home continue to grow in, like we mentioned, FortiToken, FortiAuthenticator and some other products. So it's probably not as a rush buy like we're experiencing some back in March, but it's still pretty strong above the total network security growth.
Ken Xie: Yes, we see pretty strong in the retail, right? So if retail, they can order online, they can do whatever deliver or some other -- definitely, they have a lot of benefit. So that's where we see very strong growth in retail, probably benefit from the digitalization and some other vertical or even some other regions have a sort of similar sense. And especially, we said that's what we call the security-driven networking, its combined security networking together. And even the sales, traditionally, they're more engaged with the security team. Now they see a lot of interest from the networking team, partially because SD-WAN is part of FortiGate function, but other party do see it needs to into the networking and security working together, whether the [indiscernible] or the SoC combined together, is also a trend there. So that's where we see quite a good progress combined the security network together, which we designed from our beginning, not just SD-WAN, including Wi-Fi. But Wi-Fi a little bit slow right now because especially enterprise offered in the office, not many people work in the office, but we do see a lot of interest continuing in that direction. And also the 5G, we see very, strong increase in ramp up.
Ken Xie: Yes. The other part, really, starting to make the second half of last year, we started in May, the second half of last year we started to ramp up the high-end ad sales capacity, additional market in lead gen -- and then the pandemic actually slowed down some of the new sales, I mean, become like more productive or whatever reach the productivity level for what we expect. At the same time, some of them maybe take a little bit longer time to reach the new customer, especially in the U.S., we do have quite some sales capacity. That's actually the pandemic slow since down a little bit, but with the additional hiring, with additional new product position we have, we do believe once the pandemic starting to get better, especially in the U.S., we will see very strong growth potential.
Ken Xie: Yes. I think with the -- like a 73% business come from FortiGate. So with the new release of like today, the high-end and most high-end product to support hyperscale. So we see the performance that keep increased as we are getting much better, better and at the same time, in the last few quarters, the SoC4-based like from 60F to 80F to 100F 40F, we're also starting to see huge investment of growth in the field, especially, you can see the SMB, they usually buy this low-end SoC-based product also is growing quite well. So that's where from the product we see because we're keeping investment high in this ASIC, which has a much better computing power and a security function compared to the general purpose CPU, so the recorded security compute rating come from like 25x better to like today's products like 13x better than the competitor. It's a huge advantage and plus additional function like SD-WANs and other parts. So we see a quite a huge advantage and more gap compared with competitor. They probably will keep on pushing some software or some other form of deployment, which because it did have a difficult time competing with us into this appliance or some other base. But for us, also, we're positioned to have the whole infrastructure solution, not just the appliance base, but also in the cloud and in the software base, and then also offer different kind of deployment, different kind of service. We also see quite good healthy growth from that angle. And that's where the -- we call the fabric approach, the fabric solution. Amount of revenue is still like almost double compared to FortiGate growth. So we still see pretty healthy like once you get in leverage of FortiGate, then we can more easy to expand into the other non-FortiGate growth. So that benefit the fabric advantage still keeping help us grow faster above-average because it's really -- the consolidation is still the -- still is the trend in the whole industry there. So customers want to reduce the management cost. They prefer to consolidate some of the vendors, which we started to see more benefit for us because most product function, we do develop in-house, which make it integrate and automate on day 1 compared to some other competitive dependent acquisitions, more difficult to integrate and automate. So that's what we see is we continue to invest long term both on the product technology infrastructure side, and we do believe it's a long-term gain. And so that's where so we're keeping gaining market share. And we do see the gap bigger, and we have more advantage right now.
Ken Xie: Okay. The SASE we're offering them to the customer to the partner this quarter, and it's part of what we call the fabric FortiSASE solution. And we do see the interest both from the existing customers, from new customers. And at the same time, a lot of our service provider partners are also very interested in this. And even some global customers, they also want to build their own version of SASE, which we are also supporting them behind.
Ken Xie: Yes, the traditional firewall, they're more secured, we called the border [ph], which is positioned between the internal network LAN and also the Internet. That part is, like I say, there's a -- no longer enough. There's a multiple way you can bypass that and also a lot of application, a lot of -- since also go beyond the company network, they go to the cloud. They go to some other part like mobile access. So that's where the traditional firewall where we do see the growth slowdown. That's where we keep expanding beyond like we expand the WAN and that's we call security-driven network in that space and even building of the FortiGate and make it part of the WAN solution and also part of cloud solution. At the same time, internally also expand total internal segmentation, like with the switch, with Wi-Fi access point. That part is also growing very, very well and quite strong. And so like I said is we keep in saying now, we say it's a third-generation of network of security infrastructure from the traditional connection base to when we formed Fortinet. We called it content application-based security. And now it's more like the whole infrastructure security including both the traditional gateway and also go to the Internet and the WAN connection, cloud solution and the SASE, at the same we can go internal for the segmentation for the switch for the Wi-Fi, it's the whole new enterprise, the end point of different application. So it's the whole infrastructure security, we feel is a new trend, which we prepare all this using the fabric, using ASIC, increase the computing power to address the network speed issue. We keep in doing this in the -- for about 20 years since we found the company. So we're starting to see the investment we made, whether from ASIC, from the technology from the product side, from the infrastructure side, starting more benefit us and differentiate Fortinet compared to some other competitors, still relatively. It's the same approach compared to the early day of network security. So that's what we see as a gap and the advantage we have is kind of bigger and bigger going forward.
Ken Xie: No. It's a part of the whole infrastructure security and like SD-WAN because for the SASE is really, you need the access to it, right? So that's where SD-WANs and other parts really have a good way to access that. So we are built in into the FortiGate and has huge performance and functional advantage. And at the same time, the service model leverage, the infrastructure we have, the customer base we have, that's where the OPAQ acquisition keeping enhanced this part. So that's what we address some of the new things the customer need. And at the same time, the partner also see how we can like working closely with them to supporting the customer better, give them the additional flexibility no matter what kind of format of security form that they want.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Fatima This is Keith. I think Ken does a great job of covering off some of the diversification considerations, whether it's by geographies and where different geographies may be and also by verticals. But it's also important to note that SD-WAN is also a significant component of SASE also for work-from-home solutions.
Keith Jensen: I know you do a good job. Look, I think when we look at the pipeline for Q3, which is what we've guided to, I think we feel very good about the SD-WAN opportunity. Clearly, we saw it perhaps, in the U.S. in the month of May a bit of a pause, maybe some projects that were -- as we got towards the end of May. But clearly, as we exited Q2 and we've moved into Q3, we can see that our customers are making plans to continue moving forward their SD-WAN build-outs. And the additional opportunities that we see in the pipeline made us, let's just say, comfortable talking about crossing over that 10% threshold for the first time. Now we'll see how it actually comes into play. And I think I lost track of some of your earlier comments, I'm sorry.
Keith Jensen: Yes. And I would add to Ken's comment. Just pulling back and looking at it even maybe a little more broadly and to the comments that were made in the prepared remarks, we were very pleased with what we saw in terms of July selling activity and the pipeline build worldwide as well as in the U.S.
Keith Jensen: I think the financial services strength that we saw in the quarter was outside of the U.S. Obviously, New York got hit. Northeast got hit pretty hard with the pandemic in the second quarter. And so that financial services growth number that we gave on billings, I think, it was 33%. That's really an international growth number, and it kind of speaks to the diversification of the business. And we've talked before about our diversification that the U.S. represents maybe 25% to 30%. Obviously, our largest country, but not a majority as it is with some other businesses. So we did feel the effect, particularly towards the middle part of the quarter there with some of the things that were happening and the uncertainty in the U.S. on our total numbers, but we are very pleased with what we saw, as I said earlier, related to Asia Pacific and the rest of the world.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the other part of it is that collections are very strong, and I applaud the collections team for the great job that they did, working with our channel partners to bring the cash in. I think we were perhaps a little more successful in that than we planned. Yes. I think when you look at our free cash flow numbers, you're going to get from quarter-to-quarter a little bit of volatility because we try not to over manage the timing of payments and things of that nature. So it's probably better to look at a couple of quarters stringing those together to look at terms. But in terms of the key drivers, yes, it's billings. You can get something with inventory and payables. But I think the margin part of that really is a large driver. That outperformance on the margin line really manifests itself in many ways, one of which is in the free cash flow.
Keith Jensen: Yes, fair question. And I think the thing that we've seen with the pandemic, and I'll pull this up a little bit, if you go through the guidance setting process, obviously, you'll start with the pipeline, and then you start making certain assumptions about the close rate. And while we felt good, I felt good about what I was seeing in April, nonetheless, we made some adjustments to our expected close rate in the quarter for the second quarter. And as we got to kind of leading to your question, the last week of the quarter, I think we saw perhaps a few more deals that did not get the final signature that we expected them to get. And then your follow-on part of your question is, what are we seeing in July, and that's why I'm making the point that I think I'm very -- we're very pleased with what we're seeing in terms of July of sales activity, whether you measure it base on growth or linearity against our target as well as the pipeline and as well as considering what we might call pandemic-related close rates.
Keith Jensen: Yes. So keep in mind, our U.S. Federal business -- our federal business is -- our government business, excuse me, it has 3 components. It has a U.S. Fed, it has international governments and it has state and local governments. And I would say that the performance was strong across at about 26% growth, 25% growth, but that was not driven by state and local government. State and local government suffered. And then the U.S. Fed part of our business is not a huge part of our business. So you're really looking at, while the U.S. Fed did well, we had nice, very attractive growth internationally with our government segment.
Keith Jensen: Yes, Brad, it's Keith. I would continue on what Ken's comments there a little bit. And keeping in mind, I made a reference to it in the text that we're seeing a new cost advantage evolved within the E-Series, and we expect it to continue with the F-Series. I mean I think that the company can has done a tremendous job with the ASIC Advantage of driving down the cost in subsequent generations of the chip at the same time, driving up the performance. That gross margin performance that I mentioned earlier in the script, that actually came with it with just a small headwind with discounting for the first time. And you may have been asking a discounting question. Discounting is the first time we've seen that in several quarters, about 0.5 point, if you will, perhaps increase in discounting. But that cost structure that's coming with the ASIC Advantage that I made reference to is more than enough to outweigh that.
Keith Jensen: I'll take the first one. In very round numbers, I would say, if I got a benefit of, call it, very round numbers, $10 million in the first quarter. I probably got half that benefit in the second quarter on those 3 work-from-home products.
Keith Jensen: I don't know if there was a common -- well, first of all, large deals for us, it would be $1 million, right? They're not $10 million, $20 million or $30 million deals. So you're probably looking at some number of those transactions that moved. I don't know that there was a common theme in terms of verticals, if you will. I do think that it was a bit more of a challenge in the U.S. than it was in other geographies on that close rate for the last week of the month -- or the last week of the quarter.
Keith Jensen: Yes. There's probably 3 places that you could see. One is looking at the inventory because we're -- in this environment, we'd like to keep a little more inventory on hand. And so when you look at the inventory turns, I think the number was 2.2 in the quarter, and that's probably down about 1. And so you can do some math there and quantify it. You can also look -- the second place you would see it is on the extended payment terms. We provide the metric of what our contractual payment terms were as of at the end of the quarter, which I think was 67 days, and that's up 17%. The third place that we can flex a little bit is on discounting, and I kind of covered that a moment ago. That while discounting in the current economic environment is a fact of life, and we did have a slight increase in discounting, for us, it was outweighed by the structural difference in our cost structure, which more than outweigh it.  So, in terms of flexing our balance sheet and looking at the cash flow model, if you will, I think the key place for inventory and then looking at the collections.
