Michelle Spolver: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you everyone for joining us on this conference call to discuss Fortinet's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2014. With me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO and Drew Del Matto, our CFO. In terms of the structure of the call, Drew will begin with a review of our operating results before turning the call over to Ken to provide additional perspective on our business and product advantages. Drew will then conclude with some thoughts on our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2014 before we open up the call for questions. As a reminder, today we are holding two calls. For those who have additional and more detailed questions, we'll hold a second conference call at 3:30 Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our Investor Relations website and will be accessible as detailed in our earnings release. Before we begin, let me first read this disclaimer. Please note some of the comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings; in particular, the risk factors described in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on Slides 13 and 14 of the presentation that accompanies today's remarks. Please refer to the Investor Relations section of our website for more important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago and the slides that accompany today's remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. Note that we routinely post information on our website and we encourage you to make use of that resource. With that, let me now turn the call over to Drew.
Michelle Spolver: Sterling, its Michelle. The type of resellers are not necessarily saying that this particular reseller was responsible for driving the revenue, but the type of resellers that you would be familiar with would be, like FishNet, CompCOM it does national business across the US that's really focused on mid-range type enterprise. So that came out for the first part of question. The second part, we have had relationship with those types of resellers, what we've done is part of our investing for growth strategy focused on the enterprise in the US is bit more focused, more attention, more investment, more resources too supporting and helping those type of partners grow their business. The third part is, we did not break out and then we are not going to break out exactly how much revenue they contributed to our overall billings for the quarter.
Michelle Spolver: Yes, some of the customers that are familiar with the products that might not take 12 months to test that product and some are testing them now, but I think the point is, that it's a longer testing cycle than it would be in a mid range product. So good to know, that you're question is going and how much revenue you expected in Q3 for that. I mean, it's a little bit longer for ramp up time, now.
Michelle Spolver: And the last thing I would add to is that, I mean, you're excited about the new product that robust set of products and it is built into the increased guidance that we've delivered.
Michelle Spolver: Yes and that is been our challenge, more of the challenges in the past to compete in the bake-offs. We do very, very well. There's opportunities out there, that we want to team in because lack of awareness as for whatever, but we did talk about in our commentary that we were saying, what we did in Q2 seen increase in, being included in RFP's which certainly help us more business driven through the mid-range channel, low-end channel built in through usual, which is good.
Michelle Spolver: Okay. Well, operator. I think that was our last question, I believe. So I would say, we have another call at 3:30 Pacific Time for those of you, as you're working through models and your follow-up questions. please feel free to call back and if that time, there's a different calling number, that's in our press release, but thank you for taking the time to be on our call and looking forward to, talking to you again at 3:30 and then throughout the quarter.
Drew Del Matto: Thank you, Ken. I want to finish with our financial outlook for the third quarter, as well as provide some guidance for the full year 2014. Fortinet continues to benefit from the investments we've made in sales and marketing and product development. At the same time, as Ken just mentioned trends such as increasing high profile and sophisticated cyber attacks, network firewall refreshers, high performance next generation 40-gigabit and 100-gigabit Ethernet network build out and cloud computing are all putting security at the top of sea level minds and IP spending priorities. With focused execution and a superior and differentiated product portfolio strengthened by new products that utilize our FortiASIC NP6 processor. I remain very optimistic about Fortinet's ability to grow and gain market share. As a result, we plan to continue our investments for growth strategy and believe it is the right thing for our business and that it will yield returns over the long term. That said, we intend to continue to invest reasonably and responsible and as we shown during the second quarter realized leverage on the bottom line, where and when appropriate. With that in fact now, let me now provide specific guidance metrics starting with the third quarter of 2014, which can be seen on Slide 12. As a reminder, all of the guidance constitutes forward-looking statements subject to Michelle's cautions at the start of this call. We expect billings to be in the range of $195 million to $200 million up approximately 20% year-over-year the midpoint and represents growth of approximately 3 times market analyst forecasts from IDC and Gartner. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $182 million to $185 million up 19% year-over-year at the midpoint. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be approximately 70% to 71%. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 14% to 15% reflect in continued investments to drive growth and finally, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be approximately $0.11 per share based on an expected diluted share count in the range of $169 million to $171 million fully diluted shares. In terms of 2014, we are providing full year estimates. This updated forecast takes into account the over performance in Q2 as well as our expectations for Q3 and implied guidance for the fourth quarter. We believe that this represents a strong growth outlook for the second half of the year, primarily driven by the ongoing benefits of our increased sales capacity and improved marketing and the momentum of our differentiated technology, which continues to drive market share gains. As a result, we currently expect billings to be in the range of $835 million to $840 million up approximately 22% year-over-year at the midpoint. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $735 million to $740 million up 20% year-over-year at the midpoint. Non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be approximately 70% to 71%. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be approximately 16% to 17% reflecting our continued growth investment, but still within our directional guidance range of 17% plus or minus a 0.1. and finally, we finally we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of approximately $0.47 per share to $0.48 per share based on an expected diluted share account in the range of $168 million to $170 million fully diluted shares. In closing, I'd like to thank our Fortinet employees, partners, customers and shareholders for their continued confidence and support. With that Ken, Michelle and I will now take your questions. Operator, you may start the Q&A.
Drew Del Matto: Well, thank you, Brent. I think it's really three things I mean there's sales execution for sure, the new products are certainly a tail win and we absolutely have an improved network security environment. If I look at the sales side, I think we're doing a nice job of on boarding people and getting them up to speed faster in sales. I think, they're also getting seeing the benefits of our you know, what I would say more focused market messaging and ability to generate leads from events and just various lead generation activities and then clearly, you can see on the product side 3700D and 1500D is doing very nicely. I think, they're resonating very well especially in the enterprise. We really feel like the performance there is unmatched in the competitive landscape and that's what our customers are telling us and we see that really and you know very savvy investors tend to be buying our products, so you know hopefully they're at the front end of the curve and show what's going to go broader later. And then just in general, you know it's no surprise anyone that the network security environment is robust. I would say that, we tend to see people buying looking to unify more functionality on a single device and I think our platform, our strategy plays right to that desire from the customers.
Drew Del Matto: Yes and Melissa it's true, let me just follow-up on that a bit. Certainly Ken's comments are spot on, but you'd asked the question I think very directly, are we acquiring new customers? The answer is absolutely yes. We really are seeing new customers and you know I would say that, exhibited in the deal sizes look at the deal sizes versus the past. You can tell, we are kind of shifting up stream in the enterprise and those are new names for us. I think the other thing you see, is you know we have in terms of coverage, when we look at sales performance. The broad based distributions, it's not coming from just kind of existing sales people, who have been here for a while, I think they're doing well. Well we could see, that we are kind of ramping up people and seeing them perform across the board very well, which certainly implies new name. So we absolutely believe, we are taking share.
Drew Del Matto: I do think, it's fair to say there were some channels opening up to us that probably didn't exist a year ago and that's a combination, I think of our investment and driving those relationships. I do think, some of them are actually looking for new relationship as they see some of the encumbers in the space maturing.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, we are not really giving cash flow. We are not giving free cash flow guidance. You know what I could, you know I think what most people tend to do is model in line with operating income and then, adjusted for CapEx items and maybe DSO or inventory turns. If that's there Sterling and I can kind of give you the CapEx, we probably will spend another $20 million in CapEx during the year. You know combination of some, we are growing. So we have some building up work in Sunnyvale and some other places and then we have an ERP project and few other items and so you know, maybe model, if I were modeling, I'd probably model $8 million of that in Q3 and maybe $12 million of that in Q4, it's a $20 million. So you know again, cut up that's how somebody might think about it.
Drew Del Matto: Yes and Jayson just to clarify, I mean the 3700D and the 1500D were really the only products available for sale with NP6 last year in Q2.
Drew Del Matto: Well, I think we give a little bit of a trend on type account and where it's guarded. You could see, that we've grown I think headcount what do we think, 50% over a year ago, with really the bulk of that in sales, really a bulk of that in sales. I mean the market spend is some people, but it's other, you know it's obviously events and lead gen and that type of thing. The way we characterize, the way I look at it, right now with getting into absolute numbers Robert, would be more about how people are performing and we look very closely at performance distribution and you know we can see the people who have tenure, you know say in the roles, certainly a year longer are performing consistently kind of at or above quota. And then below that, they're actually performing nicely. You know, we don't have a lot of expectation for people who are here less than 6 months, but we are actually getting some productivity out of those people and you know that may well be more on the channel side or maybe they're brining existing relationship, but we are seeing good productivity between people coming on board mostly hit the six-month cycle. They tend to be producing, you know I wouldn't say quite at quota, but very nicely probably a little better than I would expect and then certainly been here longer, people performing very well and very consistent globally and as we look at, where the investments have been focused. You know and I would stress the US enterprise has been the bulk of the good news and that's where the investments come.
Drew Del Matto: Yes and I just to add, Robert. I mean a little bit kind of gets back to Jayson's question about cycle times or you know how long, things in testing, how long do they take to ramp up? We announced the 300D and 500D earlier in July, again people are really just getting their hands on those products and it takes a little while. I think, as you go kind of downstream maybe some of them come quicker but you know as you're looking the, where we have been focused one of the hard things about, what we are doing is, a lot of newer investments in sales and marketing around enterprise customers and you shift up in the enterprise, you know we're really trying to get a beat on how long that deal cycle is and that's a little tougher to predict, especially with a lot of new products and a lot of new people, but that being said I'm kind of looked so somewhat fresh to reporting that. I've gone back and looked at history because I'm interested in same question and when we've had product releases, you do see, you certainly see a tailwind over a period of time. I'm not sure, it's immediate but definitely there is an uptick at some point.
Drew Del Matto: You know it tends to be, also bit qualitative but I would say that, it tends to be the most savvy customers. You know, what I when I look at the names they tend to be tech savvy customers, kind of cutting edge looking for kind of, definitely looking for that blend certified security performance along with fast network performance. You can go into the tech space definitely, there is absolutely some financial services in there and there is always a bit of carrier, of course.
Drew Del Matto: I think it's both. Yes, we do very well – we've always done well at bake-offs. I think we are getting and we are absolutely getting more attention. I mean people are telling us, they would like us to give more attention, in fact that's a feedback.
Drew Del Matto: Yes and to be fair, I mean, we've certainly invested more in marketing to get that awareness out there, but we still view there's opportunity there, that would be the feedback that we've seen and we absolutely take that seriously and we will continue to invest.
Drew Del Matto: I don't think much. You know, look I think part of it you need the capacity to actually go talk to the customers and bring in the orders, but I think again the blend of having some level of awareness, what quarter that is, who they're are and what we represent, that product brand awareness before we go there, so that we can get in the door and sale matters and then having somebody actually go in there and calling the customer. So I think, that makes a big difference. You know if you go back, a year of the capacity, just would have been there. Now over the last and then the capacity or the productive capacity certainly increased in the last three months. I haven't seen a huge shift in the market. You know I mean, the headlines continue but I don't know that they have drove any immediate change and how people are spending and in last 90 days.
Drew Del Matto: Well, look I think you know we had a very strong Q2 and I think, also when you look at the comparative versus Q2 last year, it was bit of a lower bar relative to Q3. I would also note that, we are upping our guidance, we were saying 2x the market, now we are basically saying, we are roughly saying 3x the market, so that's a lot. I would also point out, look we have a lot of new people, products, systems and processes to follow and you know so we are being very prudent and you know calling it, like our people see it, you know today again I would say we see pretty good model. But you know we feel like, we have a better pulse on the ability to be affective in any given point and time base on the front and you know that's how we are kind of getting up. So I would look at more of kind of glass up full, with a glass half empty situation quite frankly.
Drew Del Matto: You know and I think this came up last quarter, cash flow. We have a very, we had better linearity than we had traditionally. I think in Q1, we had very consistent linearity with Q1 let's say, so it had approved over the prior year and the year's before that, it's actually becoming more linear and you know perhaps the channel, it has something to do with that, where that's more of kind of, if you know think about the larger direct stuff tends to be more back and loaded, whereas channeled businesses tend to be more flow handed if you will, even flow.
Drew Del Matto: You know, it's those things and I mean, you know, we're really I mean that's right we're buying sales – absolutely investing in sales capacity. I would say any one area, if I had to pick out anything. Singularly focused, I would say probably mostly the US enterprise. I think that probably comes across in the results as well, we continue to believe that's an area of opportunity for us. I mean, if you look at us we are 43% US, most tech companies probably have a little higher weighing on the US and we feel like, we have a little relative opportunity there. Let's just say and we would circle the US enterprise as what would potentially get us closer to 48% or 50%. I would make that – stick at those numbers but, it's kind of how we think about it, if you will and you know that takes feet on the street. It takes some channel and then it takes some awareness as well and you know, we are doing more events absolutely, more trade shows and a lot of lead gen, quite frankly. And that's all I would think about it.
Drew Del Matto: I would say it's a bit early, I think we've seen our product basically came out in March. I think we are getting really, I would characterize that it is very good interest, we are seeing quite a few trials, hard to predict when those will close, I don't think people are, as we our sales were up, when will this close. You know they're just saying people are really evaluating the products very closely at this point. So kind of hard to predict and you're coming off a low number. Again, so you know when you do close the deals just keep in mind it's going to be a very low day and so it'd be hard to expect a huge contribution over the next six months.
Drew Del Matto: And I think that was one of the items, I was trying to point out earlier, where we're looking at the drivers. I think the first question I got, what were the drivers of the quarters and we absolutely do see a desire from customers to consolidate functionality on network security platform and that's one of the advantages we have with the scope of our products.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, definitely the NSS test is out there, you know I don't -- if you guys saw those reference in the New York Times article yesterday. We haven't again, as we just said we haven't thought a lot of it yet and so it's hard to predict that budget will come, you know those conversations really are to follow, but again I think it goes back to the consolidation around network security platform. I would have to imagine that, there are other areas of security that will probably continue to commoditize, so I think that provides some of that opportunity some of that funding but you have to also believe that security, one of the other dynamics I mentioned is simply that security is a high priority. It's hard to imagine that it's not on the top two or three of any priorities. And so ultimately, if people have a limited budget, it's going to crow something else out. There is something else, they're not going to do or not renew and that would play to our favor.
Drew Del Matto: And Jim one, you know one important I think feature when you think about how budgets happen and how people afford to buy those who make room. We've met with a couple of customers, larger customers. Who say they're under pressure to reduce their IT budget, but improve their security effectiveness and they like the idea and this goes back to the point of consolidation around a single device unifying around a single network security architecture. You know because we can actually help them do that and again these are in terms of sales cycle, it takes a little longer time to do that because it's a broader architecture than a individual point in a network. It's kind of a broader platform architecture, but you know that is something, that we're, you know when I talk to customers, certainly that's come up several time, how can you help us reduce overall cost. I know, I think I'm getting pressure on both sides, I have to do this. I have to increase my security effectiveness but at the same time, I'm getting slammed on my budget and you know, I think we're uniquely positioned to help people do that.
Drew Del Matto: Well, we're going to continue to invest. I think, we gave the margin guidance. So I think it's generally consistent with the ramp, we have been on.
Drew Del Matto: There's a little bit of, quite honestly I have to take August into account globally people are on vacation, holiday's and how fast you can actually bring people in the door and sometime it's, I think the last quarter, I just anecdotally is probably a better quarter to hire people. If you get in the summer months, it's a little tougher as you approach the fall through the end of November probably little easier, slowed down in December.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I really don't have a range on that. I think, I would just go up the mark. I would go off the margin guidance, it's just too hard to predict.
Ken Xie: I think, most of replacing some of the existing firewall whether they are, too old, too slow. All they lack of the integrated function because we see the trends early, is a lot of a refresh in E&P infrastructure due to the highest network environment. I think, time as a consolidation of a security function because they said too difficult, too costly to manage different box on different vendors, was rarely too enough consolidation, with customers hear the feedback, is really very, very important, not only save the cost but also easy to manage and also can look into getting better.
Ken Xie: Not yet, NP6. Another process, we have a three [ph] key ASIC one we call the network processors, more go to the meter in high end and the countdown processor is rarely across the parallel line and also the SOC, system-on-a-Chip, more towards the lower end, mid range. So right now, we probably as half way of there, to refresh some of the appliance we have in the middle, high-end.
Ken Xie: I think the two products made about 20% contribution in Q2 is the 3700D and 1500D. There are some, we've tried some new opportunity but also replacing some of the old product on the 3000 series and also 1000 series. There's a combination of met new ad and also some of the old product replacement. I think each new generation $10 billion for the performance 3x to 5x better than the previous generation because the ASIC chip because the CPU because the other network device, the chip we put in to system. So that's I think is the new contribution, from the 20% but if you look in all the, it's about 40% of this come from, we call the high end product. So that's where the two new product we introduced starting ramp up over quickly.
Ken Xie: And also, company want to say, if you look in the high end product like 5000 chassis base, most equal to service provider take a little longer testing time. The 300D, 500D is relative to the middle range, as probably will be ramp up soon and quicker. The 3700D and the 3000 series and the 1000 series probably in the middle. So that's where, like when announced this quarter the 300D, 500D that's probably ramp up maybe faster and then 5000 tend to take a little bit longer time to in the testing process.
Ken Xie: Yes, lot of old customers especially lot of under price, we're starting to see the need of expanding Wi-Fi, but also they're frustrated about, have to have two infrastructure, two kind of way to manage wired or Wi-Fi. So that's where 40-gig is kind of where, UTM or on EDGE and firewall. We build some Wi-Fi controller function in there and we used some extend, AP is world-wide enterprise customer. So they see it's lot easy, simple to manage but also wired is environment. So that's where we see some healthy growth. Eventually, small but as we see the ramp up pretty quick.
Ken Xie: I think compared to one year ago definitely the market is better, but we still also waiting for the overall market data like from IDC or Gartner try to see what's it hold, this year, the whole market growth definitely will be better than last year, but have to see compared to Q1 as Drew said, not a lot of difference. On other side, I think new part we are starting to see a lot of advantage like just we are now supposed to 1500D, which company in Q2, but also the 300D, 500D. We say the 5x matter on the next gen firewall performance than the comparative product. So it is really we see, more advantage, more differentiation of our product comparison, compared to product.
Ken Xie: Also the FortiSandbox, we have the benefit actually working together with FortiGate. So which kind of linked together for then provision to the attack, compared to some other vendor whether they are working with separate vendor in the firewall and some detection mode, so the combination of Sandbox and FortiGate. We get quite well position, well welcome by the customer because they kind of make all this total solution, working together well.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think as somehow my feedback is kind of more come from some additional new budget because of the high be on a current like, what are firewalls, some other security, but on the other side, it's a lot of strong demand is ready to be act together with firewall to prevent our attack instead of just reporting there in the next layer, probably tried to detect, and then you cannot take an action kind of makes it even worse, as a kind of hinders a lot of us. I mean kind of make a lot of even worse, if you only detect and cannot take action. So that's where we see the situation has to be combined together with the network security anyway and working with Sandbox together, so it's total solution is very, very important to prevent attack, instead of just detect.
Ken Xie: We will keep the field position open, I think and we also keep in recruiting the other executive, who can help in, if we're not keeping growing, keeping like meet us to the next stage.
Ken Xie: I think, when they design architecture in the beginning, the designer is not in there, so that's where we see a lot of opportunities ready with fresh, of the old infrastructure relatively slow and also the lack of the some of the security function like whether the mall work detection prevention and all the intrusion and the application kind of come in. The redundant especially for the service provider, some data centers quite important should be in there already but is, I think the new product, we'll be launching like the fresh out in today and also some other. It's a fifth generation, we're launching the 5000. For all, this is five generation, they all have the redundant to make us probable in business is needed to change.
Ken Xie: I think so far, we see the architecture, the platform we have with the combination of our own ASIC with the CPU and also other chip on the market. We started the fresh and more with the competitor, most of them only depend on the so far CPU to deliver function. So when you try to have a consolidated function or the function also, try to meet a high speed new infrastructure demand. The 40-gig platform tend to perform and function much better. So that, I think you can see the new chip we put in the 500D it's really a lot of our advantage and also the middle, we also believe the new 5000 will also apply an additional advantage we have, I think that's probably more towards the high end and then we also have the chip. We code SOC, the system-on-a-chip and that's also applied at the low end because that can lower the cost, that's the benefit of ASIC. You can improve the performance compared with the sell for the loss [ph] a lot like, mentioned like a 10x above and also you can lower the cost, once the quantity is larger. So it's kind of atoning how the skill, so once we have the skill. We have the number, we can also lower the cost, not only on the system but also some other operation cost. So that's where we see some benefit on both end, but it will also take time. So we need to take time to ramp up the new product, we also need to take time to really build the infrastructure, build a team to reach our level.
