Michelle Spolver: Thank you, Sabrina and thank you everybody for joining the call today. Good afternoon. This conference call is to discuss Fortinet's financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. With me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet's Founder, Chairman and CEO; and Drew Del Matto, our CFO. As for the structure of the call, Ken will begin by providing perspective on our business and product advantages. Drew will then review our financial and operating results with our forward guidance outlook before opening up the call for questions. As a reminder, today we're holding two calls. For those who have additional or more detailed questions, we will hold a second call at 3:30 PM Pacific time. Both calls will be webcast from our Investor Relations website. Before we begin, let me first read this disclaimer. Please note some comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings, in particular the risk factors in our forms 10-K and our most recent 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation or call and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the earnings press release and also on slides 13 and 14 of the presentation that accompanies today's remarks. Please refer to our Investor Relations section of our website for more important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago and the slides that accompany today's prepared remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website. Note that we routinely post information on our website and we encourage you to make use of that resource. With that, let me now turn the call over to Ken.
Michelle Spolver: Sterling, it is Michelle. I will correct that because I think the perception of Fortinet through the years, when we talked about enterprise, is that we're strong in the mid-market. And that wasn't necessarily true. We're strong in enterprises internationally which there is a lot of mid-market enterprises internationally in the U.S. ours was in the carrier and the SMB space. When we addressed enterprise a lot of that was at the top end. We have been able to grow and do more of that in the last two years. We were doing some business in mid-market but that wasn't our strongest area. It is something that was a misperception put out by Fortinet but it wasn't actually true. The opportunity, we see an opportunity across the enterprise.
Michelle Spolver: I mean, you're asking Ken and drew and Michelle is answering. But I don't have the numbers right in front of me. It is definitely growing. We called out some, you know, all of the products are growing. Some are growing more than others and called out a few that we've seen some good growth on. Some of those would be FortiMail, FortiSandbox, for sure. FortiDOS. And FortiAP. It is still now a non-material portion of our revenue but it's growing as our overall revenue is getting bigger as well. The other thing I think, too, is that - some of the subscriptions - subscription revenue that's coming in, in terms of billings, most of that applies to FortiGate. Some can apply to some of the other ones. Some don't have the FortiCard bundles attached to it.
Michelle Spolver: I just want to say thanks to everybody. We’re trying to keep our call shorter and so we did. This time we will have a second call at 3.30, so if you digest the information we gave you today, feel free to call back in at 3.30, happy to answer the remaining questions. That's it. Thank you very much.
Ken Xie: Sure, sterling, it does not include any carrier business in at a time enterprise number, so that's point one. We do see opportunity there, you know, we believe, you know, we have been really working at the top end of the business as we talked about. We believe, you know, with the marketing investments we're making on market awareness, lead generation and enablement and as well as just increased productivity of the sales investments in the Americas will pay off over time. There is really a broad market we don't believe we've tapped, so to speak or penetrated and that is the broader mid-market and that is the idea as we go to a more regional alignment, if you will.
Ken Xie: We were very successfully internationally both on the enterprise SMB that is where bring some of the practice international make it a more global structure will also help in growing enterprise.
Ken Xie: We have the technology like I mentioned, to enable us to have like a better rich feature and at the same time like a performance compared to competitor. So that give us keep expanding and keeping improving the margin there. And also there is a new opportunity like I said is the internal segmentation firewall that is expanding beyond the traditional firewall. That is mostly in the high-end high speed environment. That is also helping the margins.
Ken Xie: You know, I think, Michael, maybe one way to think about it is there has been a lot of change in organizations. We wanted to point out the growth in cyber security related job postings related to IT job postings as a whole. The number is three or even north of that. So I think that brings change in organizations. If you look at the last couple of years, perhaps there was buying a lot of firewalls and people catching up, so to speak. As you look forward it becomes more strategic. You bring these new people in and you think they think more strategically. And the key here is the cyber security platform. The ability to integrate APT framework through the network, into the end point, I think is critical. And to do that organically so that it really all works together seamlessly is what we uniquely provide. We do view that as tremendous opportunity. As Ken said, we have been talking about internal segmentation firewall, we do that with the highest level form man's, best ease of deployment and feel like we really are superior versus the competition. Those are the types of strategic opportunities customers are looking for and I think we shared some of those examples.
Ken Xie: And also some of the point solution we see year goes to the high-end of customer also have this advantage of some of the integrated solution like whether the platform because enterprise consider what is the cost to manage total security infrastructure, so that's more advantage for the integrated solution or solution compared to a point solution. Traditionally only the very high-end customer can afford for some point solution, manage each of the point solution [indiscernible] goes away.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. I think it is very meaning for a lot of enterprise, because like I say nowadays the traditional only protect the parameter, with all the mobility, agent based, using the compromise the mobile device. So that's where we see the market. We started to see two years ago the internal firewall. Traditionally internal is all were open, switch ticketing together. So we see it is a huge market. We don't have the data from the leading research firm, yet, but my estimate for the enterprise that is probably the same market or even bigger long term as the traditional parameter of firewall.
Ken Xie: This is Ken. No, we have one lead e global leader, for the sales and supporting compared in the past two parallel structure there. That is what help to improving the productivity and also to manage a lot of the bigger global account better. And also we defined the sum of the dot-com to be more efficient and also more local, locally handle some of the smaller compared to many layer in the past, mostly in the U.S. basically. So that's also we feel will be improving the productivity and that's the practice we use in the international in the past, but U.S. is a huge market, right? And then in the past we probably have quite some different layer. Now we try to make sure it is more addressed locally vision and at the same time global account will be addressed globally. That is under one leadership we have two different structure in the past.
Ken Xie: Also relatively new in the U.S. how to make them quickly and at the same time working mostly with part of the company structure.
Ken Xie: Also, we have the technology product to have much better price performance function compared to others because the technology the problem solution. So the lower the total management cost. I think that's where in some downturn we have seen in 2008, 2009, that was a good opportunity to keeping gaining market share. So that's where we see this more as opportunity going forward.
Ken Xie: Yes, also, like I said in my script, is that a lot of emerging market like I mentioned, APAC, we're already number one in the network security and keeping growth faster than our competitor because very strong product technology and strong with the right strategy. We're keeping growth faster than all other competitors. So that is where we bring some of the practice, the experience come from, from oversea to U.S. now and we also for improving our execution going forward to grow faster.
Ken Xie: Internal segmentation firewall mostly deployed as like the called switch mode, transparent mode, in an environment and will 10x to 100x faster than the traditional firewall. But most of the switching networking company don't have these security capability on the networking device switch and no router in there and traditional like security company which is software based is also have performance need and also how to deploy in the switch mode. So that’s where we don't see much competitor here and we see is an opportunity and we have huge advantage. So that's where we see is a - we have the best technology and timing to keeping investment grow in this space.
Ken Xie: I think we identify this market two years ago and we keeping educated market in improving the product and both with ASIC and also the OS we announced today. Still a bit difficult to ask me how quickly the market growing, but from what I talked with the customer, long term they see especially in enterprise probably bigger than the traditional firewall market because nowadays they feel traditional way to deploy a few firewall is no longer secure enough so they need to move internally secure segment department different server but how quickly they adopt and how quickly they can maybe deploy where the company, deploy the switch, still difficult to say, but I think is that so far adopt pretty quick when the customer see the benefit they really like the approach given the actual protection.
Drew Del Matto: I mean, Sterling, look, I believe what we have been saying is that when we made the investment, when we hired sales people and probably didn't make as much marketing investments as we made recently the sales people, the migrate toward the top end. That is where the big deals are, right? As they do that, that worked really well. We took down some very impressive logos and expanded those. I think we shared a lot of those stats. I think that part is very impressive. The other part we're sort of coming down from the carrier space if you will to that end of the market. We were coming up from the SMB space. I think that a more market driven motion. That is the adjustment we're trying to make going forward.
Drew Del Matto: You know, first of all, you're probably - I do think you're seeing a shift of higher margin shifts and even software in there and those generate higher margins. It is cheaper to land and expand. And if you look at the people that we've had - sorry, I had that backwards. Cheaper to expand and land definitely or more efficiency to expand the land. The other piece of it is that we made a lot of headcount especially in the U.S. and we think we could see productivity gains there with marketing and also some returns on those investments as well. Those investments, you know, really have been made. You know, we will continue to make some investments but you know we will be able to moderate those based on the opportunities we see and the level of growth we see. You know, all of that - you know what we've seen also, one of the reasons we focus on the customer lifetime value statistic, it proves out the model, the more of these accounts you acquire, the revenue rich and higher end opportunities, you do have an opportunity to expand, we're very focused on the margin within those accounts and managing that so that we do provide that return and show that in the P&L. You know, just a couple of other points I'd make, we merged with - or we acquired Meru, really in, you know, second week of July I think roughly. And during that time we were, you know, we managed through about $13 million of dilution and we just carried that over. We made some adjustments and we feel pretty confident when we want to make adjustments we can make those adjustments and that gives us a bit of a tail wind in thought here so to speak. And we will scale the other areas G&A and legal. There is room to scale those. And, you know, you make it a point out of those longer term. But we do see leverage in the model. It is primarily on the sales and marketing line. Get a little bit hopefully a point from the gross margin longer term as you shift into higher margin recurring revenue stream.
Drew Del Matto: I think some of the legal enterprise take a little bit longer trying to make a decision. And but overall security is still very important for the business there, for on line there. So we don't see much slowdown overall but some bigger decision may be more careful to make some decision.
Drew Del Matto: Sure, Tom. You know, it has an impact. I think what you do is you see a higher mix of services. It is interesting on the revenue line I think the mix of, I think it is 51% services to 49 product is not out of line kind of with history. When you look at the billings, I think it is more weighted to the services side, as well. And even some software. You know, one other thing I would point out, we have been seeing higher sales of software which is a good thing, higher margin. And some of that actually ends up on the services line as well because it is a rateable accounting or rateable accounting recognition. To answer your question, definitely more of a shift in the bundles, one of the things we're also doing, you know, we've announced an enterprise bundle which is an even higher price point than the UTM bundle, you know, where we did the price increase a year ago. And that includes advanced protection and end point security as well. And, you know, that's really just coming up to speed now. And so we're purposely pointing that way because, again and that is a higher margin.
Drew Del Matto: Secondly, the way we're thinking about it, is that we will continue to invest. And, you know, we're doing extremely well internationally and, again, that motivates us from the changes we're making in the leadership. Because that team is experienced. They have depth in our products. They have depth in our markets. They have really been successful in all of the SNB, not just the top end. We hope to mimic that or carry that over into the U.S. We've made a lot of sales and marketing investments in the U.S. We continue to make some. But personally we're really more focused on productivity at this point in the U.S. In realizing the investments we made there, maturing those. And also, making sure the organization, giving the organizational changes take hold, that is how we think about the U.S. Broader international EMEA remains a great market for us. APJ we see some opportunities. The only cautionary factor I would throw out there right now is obviously there is some turmoil in world markets, you know, just the global economy and what's going on there. So we do have an ounce of caution in terms of that and I think we will be smart where we're investing in the face of that until we figure out what that means.
Drew Del Matto: Well, you know, I would say on average it is probably closer to - you know, it's slightly longer than six months, let's say. It is the bottom end of the market, more channel driven end. The sales cycle can be 90 days so it is really just kind of getting up to speed on the products and ramping up. It is never as easy as 90 day, right? You have to give people a month to kind of, you know, find their way around, so to speak. And then at the high-end if they're more focused on calling a large financial institution, that is an investment that can take a year or even two years. On balance, somewhere slightly more than six months is how we model it. I hope that helps.
Drew Del Matto: I don't have a lot of guidance other than near-term, you know, CapEx guidance to give you on free cash flow. You know, I do - there is no plan to do anything with the free cash flow kind of out of our normal trend, though. It would just be more of the CapEx, I think, basically CapEx and, yes, real estate. I think near term we're finishing an ERP project this year and that will go away somewhere in the middle of the year.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I think when we merged - the way it was modeled would suggest, you know, had we done nothing or what they were losing, the extrapolation was $13 million of dilution pretty much we did it through restructuring and best practices.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, there is so much about the platform even if you're FortiGate. There was an earlier question about the importance of internal segmentation firewalls and I think it was a more tactical question to be frank. But from a strategic perspective, you're landing a feet by having that security. Even if you're selling the first FortiGate, at the end of the day you're really selling that platform because the opportunity for them to expand, you know, to APT, to the end point, to wireless, you know, that is the vision that we're selling. You know, again, we're certainly working on the marketing to make sure that message is out there. It does certainly work in the top end of the business - top end of the enterprise, that is where we have been very successful. You know, that story resonates at that level. Our goal is to ensure that resonates across all the business.
Drew Del Matto: Just to add on to that, first of all, we absolutely have accounted for that in guidance. As we have the global economic condition, I think those are two obvious things that we need to account for and we believe we did. You know, the only other thing I would say adding on to Ken's comments, change is always a challenge. Any time you change leaders and organizations it is a challenge and it absolutely comes with the risk of disruption. I would say this, we've hired some very experienced professionals and the people we're bringing over, leadership change, Patrice and Holly, our CMO are working together very well. I think it all stems from the top. What I've seen to date in terms of strategy, execution, you know, the progress and their plan to make it, makes a lot of sense and they seem to be doing extremely well. And so, again, I think we have to have some level of caution to see how that takes hold. But I would say, you know, feels like we have the right people in place doing the right things getting to the right end.
Drew Del Matto: It's pretty much behind, Brent. To be fair there is always - I think at the - the middle and top end of the sales organization that is always fair. There is always some adjustment it is more at the rep level or, you know, feet on the street level. Most of those are behind us at this point. I'm assuming your question was as of January 1. And there's been a lot that has happened. Mostly aligned up to that point and then there was a little bit I think left to go in the earlier part of January. But we're pretty much I think locked and loaded at this point.
Drew Del Matto: Sure. You know, first of all, I think the first thing you want to see is an uptick in awareness. And that is measurable. We have actively been measuring that. We have been very focused on awareness initiatives, if you will. Ooh I don't want to get too specific to give too much away to competitors, but we have been very focused there. The second piece is funneled. Lot of this is lead gen. It helped build the funnel. That would be the second thing. And then ultimately what you're looking at here is productivity. We've made some investments in sales and marketing and, you know, specifically in the U.S. and, you know, I'm really focused on productivity at this point. So that's what I'm looking for. And the sooner I see that uptick, the better. I feel pretty good as it is, don't get me wrong but that is the indicator you look for.
Drew Del Matto: Well, everything goes through a channel. I think perhaps the way to answer the question is where are we doing more direct touch? And everything is in direct. Almost everything, probably a few things but business is primarily indirect, two tier distribution through distributor and value added reseller or similar type of partner. And so the where we're touching more directly is at the high-end of the business. A lot of as we talk about when the sales people came in, they focused more on the top end. Obviously, because that is where the opportunity-rich customers are. And so that where is they are and they are direct calling with sales engineers and, you know, in some cases large - fairly large teams to, you know, win in some of these larger accounts.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, we feel very comfortable with the 200 million. When we look at capital strategy we're very focused on first growth and that could be - we've clearly been investing organically in growth. And, you know, we're going to continues to do that but also inorganically those opportunities may or may not arise. We have nothing to mention on the horizon. Nothing specific to mention there but we're keeping our options open on that front as we continue to look for opportunities. And then we have been doing some buy back and you can look at the level we have been doing those. The $200 million gives us a nice window to do some of that. You know, were we GO to get aggressive we can do back for more, 200 million is what we did in the past. That number feels about right for now.
Drew Del Matto: We have a very strong position with a carrier on service provider and also you see the strong growth in last quarter also like I mentioned before how to secure mobile securities also key driver for behind because I feel best way to secure mobile go through service provider is traditional end point load lot of software in the device itself. For some carrier they may change the strategy like for the data center, but I don't feel they slow down the investment on the security mobile device and the other part of it and we still see as a strong growth opportunity in the care service provider space and data center I feel some application go to maybe specific company whether certain eCommerce or certain company they have a certain application maybe centralizing player but it is on the mobile security that's where we have the strong demand and keeping on the strong investment and that is also keeping driving the business there.
Drew Del Matto: We don't have a big business in China. We shared that in the business. We do some business there, but I would not at all call that a meaningful part of our business. You know, the issue with China is probably more the global economic conditions. You know, we thought - what we said a quarter ago was probably more emerging market commodity driven economies. But now they're just - we're a little more concerned just given that China, the situation may - we don't know obviously - but looks like it could be more serious than people thought three months ago and, you know, they have some big trading partners in Europe and across Asia. So that gives us a little - that's really where we would have more concern about China so to speak, outside of China, with the wake of what their economy could bring.
Drew Del Matto: We have not seen the slowdown or changing of the SMB and also the CP device. But we also see strong growth in the virtualized cloud environment. We have the technology we can put a whole system into a single chip as you will see. That is actually driving a lot of strong growth in the branch office SMB, device. But on the other side, like we major cloud provider see some nice grow in there. And, like I said, we have end point, network side, application and to the cloud. That is where the five piece land up quite well together. So that is what we see all the five pieces kind of sell together, grow together, is advantage we have.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, we didn't see a lot of issues, quite frankly we felt we had good quarters there. I would say our concerns are more forward focused we talked about with potentially China's you know any country or region that would have big exposure to trading with China. We didn't see it. I think part of it is the fact that, you know, we do have great products. I think our go to market motion internationally has been spot-on especially in EMEA. And, you know, I do attribute you know our success there very much to our team there and, you know, we feel - we feel like we could continue to do well there. Quite frankly, obviously the global economic condition is something we all want to watch and so we hopefully have, you know, taken appropriate caution there.
