Michelle Spolver: Good afternoon, everybody and thank you for joining this conference call to discuss Fortinet’s financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2014. Joining me today are Ken Xie, Fortinet’s Founder, Chairman and CEO and Drew Del Matto, CFO. In terms of the structure of the call, Drew will begin with a review of our operating results before turning the call over to Ken to provide additional perspective on our business and product advantages. Drew will then conclude with some thoughts on our outlook for the second quarter and comments on the full year 2014 before we open up the call for questions. As a reminder, today we are holding two calls. For those who have additional or more detailed questions, we are holding a second call at 3:30 PM Pacific Time. Both calls will be webcast from our Investor Relations website and will be accessible as detailed in our earnings release. Before we begin, let me first read this disclaimer. Please note that some of the comments we make today are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings; in particular, the risk factors described in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for more information. All forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation and specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also please note that we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and on Slides 15 and 16 of this presentation that accompanies today’s remarks. Please refer to our Investor Relations section of the website at www.investor.fortinet.com for more important information, including our earnings press release issued a few minutes ago and the slides that accompany today’s prepared remarks. A replay of this call will also be available on our website through April 30. Note that we routinely post information on our website and we encourage you to make use of that resource. Before Drew discusses our key financial and operating results for the first quarter, I want to point out that we are making a slight change in revenue classification metrics and specific pro forma items with the goal of simplifying financial disclosure and conforming to more standard reporting practices. Beginning in the first quarter of 2014, these pro forma items will now and going forward include stock-based compensation expense, charges related to acquisitions and other significant non-recurring items. There was a minimal positive impact of 0.3% to non-GAAP operating margin, but no impact on the total amount of revenue, non-GAAP gross margins or non-GAAP EPS we are reporting for the first quarter. We are simply reclassifying how we categorize certain revenue items and simplifying our pro forma items to make our reporting simpler and easier to bridge GAAP to non-GAAP reporting. With that, let me now turn the call over to Drew.
Michelle Spolver: Yes. And actually, Melissa, this is Michelle. So let me actually add on that, too. If you remember back in Q1 of 2013, service provider was one of the areas that was weak for us and across for many companies during that time, so that’s why you’d see a bigger impact year-over-year in the service provider business. We talked about the end of Q4, seeing a bit of a rebound and going to more normalized spending patterns, we saw continuation of that in Q1.
Michelle Spolver: Yes, Sterling, actually, if I can add to that, too, which Drew talked about in this commentary, that in Q1 in particular, we had a few service provider deals where they were CPE-based deployments and included a lot of low-end boxes which therefore made that number, made the entry-level category a bit higher than it would have been otherwise. And to answer the first part of the question, I don’t know if it’s a direct reflection of where our investments are. We have been focusing our investments, especially on the marketing side, in the enterprise, and so I think that’s showing the payoff there with that category getting larger.
Michelle Spolver: I think at this point it’s too – the products have only been available for a couple of weeks so I think right now it’s fair to say it’s across the enterprise, not – we can’t get more specific in terms of exactly which verticals are requesting them more.
Michelle Spolver: Actually, I can take it, James. So the type of resellers we’re talking about are for the larger national focused resellers that focus on midrange enterprises we’ll say that they’re not usually going to be the very, very high end service providers of very, very large enterprises. Those are like a FishNet or that type of reseller. So what we’ve done is really expand the partnership we had in place with those type of national resellers. Do a little bit more in the way of programs support, personnel support on that, things like that just to really strengthen and grow the relationship. So it’s not anything significantly different because we have those partnerships in place. I think what we’ve done is putting some more focus and more investment behind those partnerships.
Michelle Spolver: I guess the other thing that contribute to the seven figure deals – I don’t believe the ones we have talked about on this call – typically they would be more in the mid-range enterprise space.
Michelle Spolver: Yes. And I think on this second part of the question on the large deal was that last year at this time for the year-over-year comparison, in Q2 of 2013 we talked about having fewer large deals than we would have typically seen, so to be fair, obviously our growth was very impressive in terms of large deals, but it’s also coming off of a quarter year-over-year, the prior that was weaker on large deals. And then we can’t give too much color really at all about the large deal we have on track for Q2. We don’t really talk about sort of the pipeline, but I would say take that into account that in Q1 we did have an easier comp year-over-year in Q1 of last year.
Michelle Spolver: Okay. I would just say thank you everybody. We went a little over on time, so thanks for everybody who is still on the call and listening through this. And we will have our second call in about a half hour, so anybody who has additional questions can feel free to call back into the call. There is a different call number it’s in our press release that was issued in our earnings release today.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Thanks, Brent. I would say that there is quite honestly I don’t have a lot more color to add. I think we feel very good about what we saw on the enterprise. That’s where we see the bulk of the big, the larger deals. I think we mentioned last quarter that people were asking how would we see, how would get credibility and traction in the enterprise, so I think we pointed out that we would hopefully see a positive trend and the larger deal size growing, and I think that’s what we saw. As far as the funnel goes looking forward that would tend to be what we see right now as well, it’s early in the quarter, and one of the things we’re seeing is just that simply the deal profile changes in a way such that I think it gets a little harder to predict exactly what’s going to happen in a given quarter. You end up with kind of a bigger funnel, but a little more hit-miss on the deals as they grow larger in size which would be typical of any more enterprise-focused company.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. The other thing I would point out is we sold very good traction on the 3700D and the 1500D, which again, are enterprise and 3700D especially in data center.
Drew Del Matto: Thanks, Melissa. First of all, so we are not really giving guidance beyond what we just said, kind of the 2x north of the benchmarks we shared, but I wouldn’t expect a big change. I think there’s nothing we see specifically that would change it one way or the other.
Drew Del Matto: Well, yes. I think we have given you one, from a modeling perspective, I think we’ve given you kind of how we’re thinking about the broader top line growth with 2x the benchmark or better and then I believe we gave some operating margin guidance as well. So we’re trying to live within that framework for now. In terms of the investments, what we’re seeing as we add head count, they tend to pay off two or three quarters later. We’ve seen that consistently for the last couple of quarters. And so we’re trying to basically continue to build that momentum. We see a lot of opportunity, and we literally saw a benchmark, or, excuse me, a comment from Gartner where they forecast 75% of all enterprises will buy network security from a vendor other than their network infrastructure provider. And so, we see a variety of opportunities like that in the enterprise and just in specific geographic areas and we’re targeting those areas for investments, and we hope that they pay off six to nine months later.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I would echo Ken’s sentiment. It’s something to point out because when we look at our model and how we’re ramping we could see actually that we had – we made a couple organizational changes there over the last couple of quarters, one. And then I think the hiring kind of flattened out mid-last year. And we’re hoping – and if we look at the other geos we were investing more, relatively more, and we saw relative more pay off in the last couple of quarters. And so they actually illustrate the opportunity to grow.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, that’s right. And they also had a pretty strong Q1 last year as well. I think it grew 25% in Q1 2013 versus the prior-year.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, no, probably not get into numbers, but I mean, I think the way you should think about it is it’s just something that could be included with the FortiGate broad platform deals, where we have broader platform deals. Quite honestly, they’re not huge numbers yet, but they are growing year-over-year very nicely. So I think it – I mean, in terms of big, large numbers, you’re probably looking more over the long term than – look it’ll help in 2014, but it’ll help more longer term.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. And then, Gray, it’s true. And I would say in general the recent test results that we published from NSS did generate some buzz. I think quite a lot of buzz within the network security community for sure. But also in general, we drove some campaigns out there to kind of get people NSS-aware and I think buyers are starting to become more conscious about those results. We had some inbound, let’s say, pull. We’re actually, if you think of sales being more push – salespeople knocking on doors or inside sales dialing up or even campaign driven; we’ve actually had some pull, in other words, customers referencing results and saying hey, I was researching the space. We’re in a network security upgrade mode and we’re looking to put in new network security and I saw the results and I saw that you were recommended relative to another thing we were looking at that wasn’t, and/or something we might have been looking at also that was. And we’d like to talk to you and hear more about your products and offerings. So that’s what we’re looking for and hopefully we can get more awareness out there through the testing and also through campaigns.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, and it started in February, so you wouldn’t get a full quarter in Q1. I think it was – yes, February.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I think we are still investing in marketing. We still need – and I think of marketing as being more kind of sales enablement and it goes back to very consistent method with what we were saying last quarter about it’s time – we are driving campaigns. And if you take the NSS test results as an example, you drive campaigns off that. You serve people ads. Hopefully they’re going to click and you’ll lead billings, you’ll lead, excuse me, generate leads off of that, that the sales people then get developed in the field or inside sales and it gets hopefully turned into a billing at some point. And so that’s very much where we’re focused right now. That’s the type of marketing activity we’re focused on. So the other part of sales enablement would be process orientation so as we get to current and new people on board, we’re very much focused on them measuring their funnel and measuring their progress with the funnel through to closure. And we’ve been doing that for a while I would just say I think the discipline and the hygiene around that’s getting better. There’s still a bit of investment just kind of getting people trained to do it consistently so that we can predict the business with more clarity, kind of have better insight into the business by deal size and just overall what we think’s going to close in a given period.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, okay. Other than that I’d say sales capacity. We’re also, we see, we believe there’s opportunity for sales capacity.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, headcount. We need more feet on the street and yes, just make sure we have the right coverage model and we’re covering off all the accounts we can. We see a lot of opportunity.
Drew Del Matto: Look, I think – I don’t think it would be to anyone’s benefit to mention specific companies that we’re targeting for hire. But I would just say look, we’re looking for experienced people who are capable of selling our product. I think we have a very compelling product line and a very compelling message and a very compelling market. And we’re just looking for people who are very motivated and want to win in the space and make decent money along the way.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. Jim, we are not giving long-term guidance beyond what we’ve mentioned. So for the year, we’re saying we believe we can grow at 2x or better than market, market being 6% to 7% per IDC and Gartner and then within the margin framework we outlined in the call.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, I mean, but obviously, we’re going to be smart about what we’re doing. I think it’s really a function of can we continue to see the results we’re seeing, are the investments paying off, can we continue to see the opportunity. But right now, we view ourselves as opportunistic. We believe that we’re probably short on the people we need, the feet on the street and the marketing that we need to grow at the level we believe we can grow at. And so I think as we said in the guidance, as we have more information, we’ll update you more at that time.
Drew Del Matto: So you want me to take – it’s two different questions. I’d be glad to take the last part of it first. So obviously on – in terms of capital strategy, there’s no change from prior quarter. We continue to look to invest in the businesses we just talked about, increasing the sales and marketing investment. We don’t see anything huge M&A-wise, but obviously there could be some sensible inorganic activity at some point. Again nothing – there’s nothing specifically there we would call out or even are targeting at this point in time. In terms of buybacks, I guess that would be the third part of that, we’ll continue the same guidance we talked about last quarter. We’ll be opportunistic and when the share price looks attractive to us and we believe it’s a good investment we’ll be in the market.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. And I would just add that and I have a little bit experience on both sides – just that – this is Drew – that there’s also two different buyers. Very often of both of those products and I think when you think about investing responsibly it’s almost like you need a separate sales force to go sell that. So that’s something that would be a – certainly a headwind when you think about that equation.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I mean it’s up clearly at some point the headcount growth should scale with the revenue line. I think near term, they may fall out of balance from time to time, and there’s a little bit of – it’s a challenging question because it doesn’t exactly work like that. There’s some quarters you may hire faster or slower, you also may have some turnover for a variety of reasons, so it never quite exactly works out like that, but I think as you build out models you do two things. One you try to build capacity to drive your certain head count growth, so they do try to scale over the longer term, and then you try at some point try to – not that we’re giving long term guidance, I’m just talking theoretically, you know at some point you would try to drive some efficiency in that model as well. So the people are more productive over time.
Drew Del Matto: Good question. You know it actually skewed a little better, and you could probably see that a little bit in DSL actually, the receivable balance. So it skews a little better you’ll see a little benefit in collections.
Drew Del Matto: Yes. I mean it’s just hard to imagine that these events won’t continue to happen and I just add to Ken Xie. I think one of the things that becomes more apparent and perhaps after the recent NSS test, I do think people are starting to look at the test because there – it is a bit of – there’s a lot of ambiguity as to kind of which one’s better and which performs and I think people are becoming savvy buyers, savvier buyers of security technology over time just like they became savvier buyers of ERP systems over time. And as the market matures and people become smarter, those tests are going to mean more. And the earlier questions are we getting any demand from that? You know, I think we’re very focused on trying to make the market aware of the value of the test and utilize that to our advantage.
Drew Del Matto: Yes, honestly, I’ll just take the last part of that first, Erik. I think it would be a bit premature. Most of the larger corporations that would have probably been impacted by Target are probably going to have some sort of a cell cycle and evaluation and I would think that, that’s longer than a three-month cell cycle, so we don’t believe we saw much of an impact there yet, but hopefully going forward. As far as guidance goes I would think of it this way, we outperformed in Q1 and we are guiding to 17% year-on-year growth, which is a level we feel very confident in. And based on our growing – and certainly that’s better than the 2x the market referenced that we were getting, right? Our deal profile is changing so we’re shifting to larger deals, which generally have longer cell cycles. That, combined with new people – and we really are trying to be process driven on the sales side – campaign drive, process driven and some of those things. And I think for us, as we mature that process we’ll obviously, that will give us perhaps better comfort going forward or whatever. I won’t say we have a lack of comfort but there’s just a new process in place, new people, and we just want to make sure we feel very comfortable with what we’re saying with the guidance. I would say right now, currently, given all of that, our current forecast supports our current guidance.
Drew Del Matto: So again, we are not – it’s hard to address that right now. We’re not – we’re probably not going to give guidance more than we have on that front.
Ken Xie: Yes, Brent. Also, remember one year ago, we mentioned we started building more dedicated teams for the enterprise and vertical space. I think that’s the benefit or result of the effort we put in there. Now because this dedicated team, they tend to focus on bigger deals, and that’s probably what ends up as a more larger deal we are closing right now.
Ken Xie: Also we see a lot of service providers they are testing the 4G LTE, especially the Tier 1. They accelerated the testing. And Tier 2, Tier 3 are starting to have some deployment, but not in Tier 1 yet. So that is a service provider that you may see get probably more normal compared to one year ago, but you still will not see, like the big acceleration of the 4G LTE is not significant yet.
Ken Xie: I think the two new products, the 1500D and 3700D helping accelerate some of the high-end and then – because they’re using the new NP6, and then the industry will start building to the other high-end also the middle-range products. I think that probably will be later this year, helping on the middle-range and the other high-end product. Also, it’s kind of some contribution from the dedicated team. When the deals got bigger, they do, including the high-end box, but also a lot of time they also include a lot of smaller boxes, especially like the retail space, and some others like, they call it the CPE space or service provider space, so they’re including both ends. So that’s where the high-end box and also the small CPE box also kind of has a good increase. But once we have the NP6 starting out in the middle-range, we believe that will also help in grow the middle range.
Ken Xie: I think first the virtual market, especially now with security is still relatively very small. So the common numbers early by 2017, less than 10% of network security will be on a virtualized platform. But with that said, also virtualized in some data centers, if they already have some existing servers, they may leverage the server’s computing power to deploy the virtualized appliance compared to you putting in the dedicated power. Dedicate power is still much higher performance like, way faster, like 10x faster than the virtualized because all the acceleration we have on the FortiASIC or other things. I think that’s, we see that space is complementary to some of the real appliance, and especially some data centers, they have actual computing power, they may using some virtualized, and also some other sort of application, like the one we work closely with, Amazon, they also expanded quickly in their current resolution, because they have a huge server farm they may leverage that like a platform to do some virtualization.
Ken Xie: I think we do see potential APAC as a high growth area. We are just trying accelerate some of the investments, especially the sales capacity in APAC, which we kind of grow relatively slow compared with the top line in the last few quarters. But also, like Drew said, there’s a tough comparison compared to one year ago, and but we do see in the other major countries there, it’s a pretty nice growth.
Ken Xie: Yes, the other thing also, in APAC we’re also starting more focus on some dedicated verticals and also some enterprise carriers. So you can see that the bigger deals we win I mentioned in earning calls conference the APAC, which is like a seven-digit deal has not happened a lot in the past. So we started to see more opportunities for the bigger deals, right now in APAC.
Ken Xie: And then also, most importantly, all the internally developed leverage our firewall technology and also more broad IP patents.
Ken Xie: I think first, the impact on the particular product, FortiSandbox, is relatively small because we only announced like, probably like a few weeks, at the end of the quarter. But we’ve proven we have very strong technology, especially now the Sandbox, but also the FortiGuard, the global service and security intelligence service. So that’s part of the result because we have very broad and very deep security intelligence supporting service globally. And that’s also not only benefiting the Sandbox, but also the FortiGate, the FortiDDoS, the FortiWeb, and also the other products we have. The other part really we do see the APT key starting to become kind of a, quite a topic for larger enterprise and larger, like, Internet service providers. So we see that’s one of the three driving forces I mentioned as not only the APT, but also the upgrade for the 40-gig to 100-gig and also the cloud/mobile solutions. It’s one of the three driving force to driving the market today. So we’re positioned well, and also we’ve been involved in the technology for many, many years and we can quickly respond to what the market needs. And then also, the advantage we have, also we can also gradually start including all this technology into the chip, which can accelerate the performance like 10x compared to some software solutions. And software, especially software when they have multiple functions enabled in the PC or server kind of software-based platform compared with we have both the best CPU and also the best ASIC, which are doing quite well with this multi-function device. That’s when we see the benefit of the platform to helping the solution of customers.
Ken Xie: Yes. I think I mentioned it in my script, actually. We see the testing certifications are very important because most of our customers, especially enterprise customers, they don’t have the capability or don’t have the environment to do all this testing, so that’s where throughout these few years we’ve spent a tremendous effort to make sure we’re the best in the third-party evaluation testing and focus a lot on the testing. So that’s where in the slides, you can see we have more certification testing than any other vendor in the space. So that’s just one of the results of our effort to focus on the testing technology we have.
Ken Xie: I think probably like I mentioned the infrastructure upgrade that’s happened every like four or five years. And we starting to see the cycle started again compared to like 2009, 2010, which was after the (indiscernible). Now we see the data center, big enterprise starting to see the 40-gig to the 100-gig. So that’s what’s helping drive the – because network security is a part of infrastructure. If you have a faster like a switch and all those kind of things in enterprise data center, you do need the faster secure gateway. So that’s why we see the high-speed interface like the 40-gig or the 100-gig is very critical, very important. So you need to have a solution in order to participate in this kind of RFP. The other part I have to say in the last like 6 to 12 months there are some – I think some kind of hype about APT and also a lot of news that also drive a lot of interest sometime, not only in IT but also go to the company and management, even the board level, to see the important of security. We also try to leverage that one. The other part is especially we try to build some dedicated team to target some big enterprise and also some of the we call distributed enterprise, more like retail kind of thing. And the other part I mentioned in the last few quarters, probably we starting see more testing going on, but not quite a result and a lot of business yet. It’s really the 4G LTE audit (indiscernible) the traditional server client called the mobile space, especially a lot of mobile device. They have to have a lot of important data to secure, and the cloud also causing a lot of important applications, a lot of data there. So that’s why see the interest from service providers for the 4G LTE we see kind of accelerated testing and evaluation in the space. But it’s still more in early stage and not see a lot of result yet. But we do believe this will be also huge growth opportunity but it’s still in very, very early stage.
Ken Xie: We do. One thing it’s because we see that especially once we have the new technology, NP6. Now we have a much faster and a lot of times the only solution on the market is that high-speed and the low-latency solution. So we started to get more invited. We also started increasing some sales capacity, because we feel that we’re still much more efficient than some of the high-growth network security companies. You can look at the percentage for every dollar sales we spend and compare to some of the other high growth network security companies we are still much more efficient. So that’s where we changed the strategy almost one years ago, try to invest more into the sales and marketing capacity. We can see some good results come out in the last two quarters. I think that we believe that there’s a huge opportunity in the market, and gaining market share is still kind of more valuable. So we’re contending to invest in this area.
Ken Xie: So I think clearly, the product is the leading indicator because if you’ve got a product coming first, and then certainly able to service during the deployment. One service sometimes they call that bundled service. Service usually come after the product. So we do see – happy to see the product. Especially we mentioned a new product, we see some good acceleration, the 1500D and 3700D we see it quite nicely ramp up.
Ken Xie: Probably not, I think it’s a lot of firewall we later converted into – add additional service. Like we said, we probably averaged about 80% of product they deploy will be on the firewall function, the firewall only probably only account on about 20% or less.
Ken Xie: Yes, this kind – I think probably if you see the new infrastructure upgrade, especially the 40-gig to 100-gig is still in very, very early stage, so it’s, because it’s just in the beginning of the fresh upgrade, you can also see some of the numbers from some other networking solutions vendors, but since ramped up nicely there. As you mentioned, talking about whether the prevention or detection, we more favored the prevention deployment is, whether the FortiGate or some other, like a DDoS or other product, if you let us know when and we’re already helping the IT guy to really combat all the threats there, the detection mode is whether, like ten years ago, the intrusion detection compared to intrusion prevention. Today it’s more like a malware APT. We feel it’s more difficult for the IT guy to really quickly react and it sometimes becomes a big burden for them like the big news, the end of last year in the retail when this is really – they detect like thousands of intrusions every day and it’s very difficult to do anything about it. So that’s where the big solution you have would be the in line prevention solution which can automatically act, react to all these kinds of attack. And at the same time if there is some actual project that we also maybe sometimes could be multiple layer solutions, especially on the malware side and also what can a service provider carrier. We see some carriers starting offer what they call the clean pipe solution, which is also additional protection come from the infrastructure is also another benefit instead of a low out of burden to some enterprise and to the customer. So that’s where we see the combination with the infrastructure carrier service provider and also we call the security service provider, (indiscernible) and also enterprise themselves, this multiple layer to protect all their tech from malware side, especially the in line devices is really the one can really provide a value compared to just reporting all kind of a detection, which can make a very good noise, very good hype but it’s really going to solve their problem.
Ken Xie: Because I think because of what we call it a parcel because the category (indiscernible) than like one or two-year. Two-year and above is at the high end recommend. And then the one-year tend to be middle range then the next part to be the low end.
Ken Xie: Yes, there is quite some vertical space. We don’t have enough coverage yet. So we will continue to invest in that vertical space.
Ken Xie: I think we changed a little bit strategy in Japan because we in like in the last few quarters we started building some dedicated teams to target some big service provider carrier enterprise. So we see that part starting to pay off right now. And on other side is also we have pretty strong local team, which also kind of do a lot of supporting locally. And also we have a lot of long-term partner starting to see the value, the benefit we deliver on the product technology. So they are starting to helping on the growth.
Ken Xie: Yes, I think we, like I said in my script we say we invest responsibly and stably. And we are in much, much better position compared to some companies all growth and not profit, as some companies all profit and not growth. So we can kind of nicely go balance or justify our self because of the position we are. We do believe right now the market more values the growth, so that’s where we move towards the gross investment right now.
Ken Xie: Yes, I can try to answer the first question. I think, first, this is one of the good recognition of Fortinet long-term innovation and also a pioneer in the space and like we started the company 14 years ago and view that the first multi-function device that with platform leverage both the hardware, software and also the service model. And on the other side I think it’s, I myself as more engineer, I think sometimes we – even competition spends some more money like to recognize all the long-term IP, all the innovation we have compared to spend lot on the quarter on the legal fees. That’s maybe a better use of the money. So that’s probably – we feel this is the better way to resolve some of the disagreement. On the other side we will continue to keeping invest and also keeping innovating. And like I mentioned that the Fortinet, the vision, we want to be the most innovative and the highest performance IT security with our simplified IT solution. So we’ll continue to go through that path. And also like end of Q1 we had like 159 issued patents. We have other, over 100 pending. So we will continue to innovate and also continue to deliver the best that – the products in the space. So I think that that’s just to reflect of the whole company culture, the whole strategy we have long term for the company.
Ken Xie: I think – I believe it’s kind of two different markets that need two different approach, and so far you’ll see – I’ve been in this space for more than 20 years. It’s a – we address two different kind of issue and so we still believe focus on network security is a key – it’s a better solution.
Ken Xie: We don’t quite see it direct like acceleration when there’s this kind of news. It’s – because it is there’s a part of infrastructure and I think probably they can shop and educate the IT, the management long-term so sometime they may try to get additional protection or solution there. But if you look in the primary firewall pretty much all the enterprise they have Internet they need have some kind of protection. And something this kind of news they enable customer to add additional service or additional function to protect to do more protection. So that’s where – but I don’t see much directly linked changing into sales pattern here.
Ken Xie: I think we have been in the – more strong in this whether the carrier of data center solution and that shipping the 5000 platform for 10 years. So the first few minutes so actually 10 years ago 2004 is the chassis based and the (indiscernible) solution with a lot of virtual domesticity in there. So really we are ahead of competitor both on the performance and the function on the technology and then I think that even a lot of since we are starting like what they delivered on testing today I think is we are ahead of competitor. We don’t see much competitor impact of what we have been doing. So far we’re leading this, we’re way ahead of competitors in this space.
