Ken Xie: I think for NP7, it’s still in the ramp-up stage. We continue to build a new our platform using NP7, it’s better for the high end and middle range. The FortiOS 7.0 is also a growth driver, but we are in the beta-3 process right now this quarter. That’s what’s helping contribute to the additional growth, especially in the zero trust and SASE environment and also this infrastructure security later this year, but it’s -- so far, I see the product growth, like 21% is a lot of contribution from whether the SD-WAN or we call security-driven networking and also in the probably like 1 to 2 years ago, when we released the SoC4. So, that’s a little bit towards the low end side of the FortiGate, which you can see nicely grows over there. And also the team is doing a great job in the sales and marketing.
Ken Xie: Yes, definitely, whether from our customer or our partner is starting to get a much better, more competitive and a lot of advantage using the Fortinet product, whether the FortiGate leverage new ASIC, the new OS with much more additional function compared to competitor. So, that’s where like increased gap we have ahead of competitor now. And that’s actually helping to drive -- accelerate the product revenue growth. And on the other side, we have a little bit different approach for whether the SASE or cloud endpoint. So, we more emphasize, integrate together, automate together, especially in the OS level, that’s -- none of our competitors has that. And also, most of this also organically internally developed, designed to work together, automate together from day one. That’s also different from competitor, come from acquisition, which is more difficult to integrate and also difficult to manage long term. So, we do feel we have a more and more advantage in the marketplace right now.
Ken Xie: I’d say probably -- we do see a lot of need -- interest, especially to secure the whole infrastructure, including supply chain with all different third-party kind of product, all these things. But it’s still -- I’d say it’s definitely more people certainly interest in this area, but it’s -- the business side is probably not changing that much yet. But, we do see going forward, probably later this year will be, because it’s definitely with the security concern, like I mentioned, the security spending among our IT spending probably will keeping increase.
Ken Xie: We do see like whether some investment we made in the sales and marketing, like we said, we have increased sales capacity and also we also have a better visibility, we increased the marketing. And at the same time, from the product, from infrastructure side, we also will keeping invest, especially organic internal development, like building the new infrastructure, and where to address the cloud and the networking endpoint and also working with service provider. So, basically, we do see -- the market itself also is starting kind of accelerating, especially in some new areas, whether the security-driven networking, including both SD-WAN or 5G, and that has the new infrastructure, but also some kind of a service model, leverage the infrastructure, which we will keeping invest more in there. So, that’s what we feel. So, this will give us a much more growth opportunity and both internally like whether the NP7 or the FortiOS 7.0 is timing quite well. So, it will help us drive the faster growth.
Ken Xie: Yes. The SASE approach for Fortinet is different than some other competitors. We do want to have a more integrated automated approach. And also, we are the only one in the OS level, both the SASE and also zero trust network access. So, that’s making whether working with Fortinet or service provider or even customer enterprise themselves to develop their own kind of SASE approach, which will be much better fit for their own kind of privacy, whether it’s GDP or some other requirement, it’s much better secure compared to some other approach. So, that’s where we feel -- we do have some investment, but some investments, like infrastructure, we’re also working with our service provider together.
Ken Xie: I think, for our technology, we can support in both the thin branch and the thick branch office approach. And also, even for the SASE, so we leave the flexibility to enterprise, which we can whether leverage the vendor or they can leverage their service provider or carrier or they can build themselves. So, that’s why we say, we put in the OS level, it’s much more integrated, automated compared to some other approach, which has to let vendors infrastructure. So for us, like this OS level integration of SASE will leave a lot of flexibility and gradually for the customer to transition, whether they move service-based or they still want to like have, we call security infrastructure approach. So that’s where we have the flexibility to have customers select their own approach based on own need. And at the same time, we’ll make the whole infrastructure secure, like we say, whether the security-driven networking with SD-WAN, 5G or internal segmentation, whether in the data center or with the enterprise campus environment. So, that’s why we feel, even we take a little bit more time to build this kind of a highly integrated OS level approach, but the result is much better and more advanced than some other loosely -- other approach.
Ken Xie: For the new rep, probably a little bit different for each second vertical, like the channel probably within a few months, like 3 months time frame, and then the enterprise probably 6 to 12 months [ph]. [Indiscernible] take like 1 to 2 years like that carry all the things. So, we’re going to also like differentiate, I think based on how the pandemic, how the other progress going and also the market opportunity there. But, I’d say, we do kind of plan into increase more capacity when we see more opportunity there and try to match the investment with -- I think whether the internal, like the new product and also the market opportunities, so definitely will help us keep driving the SASE growth.
Ken Xie: I think, for us, we have a unique advantage of we build SD-WAN with security together, and we also leverage ASIC to like increase computing power, lower competing cost a lot. So, that’s none of our competitors have not. And also the other two big leaders, they come from acquisition, that’s where going forward, they probably will be slower on whether the innovation of the market change dynamic there. So, that’s what you can see from the FortiOS 7.0 release. We did see the increased additional function, whether the SD-WAN, the 5G and other parts. So, we do also believe, going forward, like half or majority of the SD-WAN market will need security. So, we have a huge advantage there. So, that’s where -- even have a bigger installation base, but the advantage we have from the product, from a function, from the cost side, I think will be huge, and what have us keeping driving the market share. And so far, like year-over-year, we almost doubled the SD-WAN business compared to the 2019 in the ‘20.
Ken Xie: You can see that, like we call the security fabric has a pretty nice growth, almost double compared to the FortiGate growth there. That’s also because customers want to have all these whole infrastructure secure integrated automated solution. So, that’s where we’re continuing to see -- we’re keeping gaining share there. So, that’s involving probably 20, 30 different products. And on the other side, on the FortiGate part, we call the security-driven networking, that’s whether the SD-WAN, the 5G and now with integrated SASE and some other part working closely with service provider carrier, we also see a lot of opportunity within the FortiGate side. So, that’s where we see -- so far, we are keeping like -- if the market itself grows like 10%, we do see we can grow much faster than the market keeping gaining share. And both, on the FortiGate and also on the -- we call it, the broad fabric approach, which is involved in both the endpoint and the networking and the cloud altogether. And all this integrated together, based on the FortiOS and some under connectivity related to the FortiOS.
Ken Xie: I think we do see 5G connect a lot of devices to the Internet, which also increased a lot of security risk. We call there’s a new attack service, a new edge need to be covered. So, that’s where especially, we’re working with a lot of service providers for the 5G service to a lot of enterprise and connect all these different devices in the OT/IoT space. So that we do see as a huge opportunity. And so, with our position with the carrier service provider and we do see the 5G can be one of the driving -- growth driving factor for us this year and it could be material towards the end of the year. Going forward, it’s also huge, huge opportunity, even secure whether -- it’s part of the whole infrastructure, which grow very, very fast and a lot of our carrier service providers starting to have investment in this area also.
Ken Xie: Yes. SD-WAN is a part of the SASE offering. What we do is a little bit different than competitors. We build within the FortiGate, FortiOS, which also can be offered, whether based on the physical price or the virtual software or kind of cloud delivering. And that’s where the new FortiOS 7.0 gives all this flexibility and connects a lot of other part of infrastructure security service together. So, that’s where we’ll continue to see SD-WAN and keeping growing probably -- by much, it probably was keeping grown like 30%, 40% year-over-year this year. We do believe we’re also keeping gaining market share. And at the same time, the 5G -- the other opportunities come up, we already offered in the new FortiOS 7.0, which also could be a pretty good driver for the additional growth we have.
Ken Xie: It’s really dependent on customer. Some -- I have to say, the channel probably reacts a little bit faster and then there’s enterprise, then the service providers sometimes take a little bit time. Because large service providers, they also have to support in some of that. But we do see this enables a lot of new opportunities. And they also like this tightly integrated approach, whether the SD-WAN, SASE, we call security driven networking, which do enable them to offer the additional service, additional kind of business and protect additional edge. That’s why we say, you need to protect all different edge together and automate -- integrate together instead of have a different product, different kind of a vendor for each part, which is difficult to integrate and automate. So, that’s where we see the response from like 300 new features and updates in this OS to cover quite a broad area. And that we do see customers do need some time to gradually like train, pick up on this new function. But, a lot of them, they see the huge benefit of this new function. And that’s where we see, it’s a huge opportunity for us. But probably towards the second half of the year, we’ll see a lot of benefit of it.
Ken Xie: Also, we see a pretty nice growth in SMB, but overall, the SMBs still have very low percentage leverage, whether the network security or cybersecurity. That’s where -- including retail. So that’s where we see there’s a -- still have a huge growth opportunity over there.
Ken Xie: I said, probably they would drive to have a more integrated and bigger infrastructure security. So, that’s where probably -- definitely, it’s sort of when it’s more like kind of come from the network side. On the other side, they are also trying to like cover what the pandemic is, whether it’s work from home, there’s a lot of other like business trying to digitalize during this process, which also increased the security need. That’s why I say, the security spending kind of on the overall IT spending probably will keep increasing this year, and that’s what’s also helping drive. The SolarWinds is just like a few years ago, there’s a case where the target and other things, definitely awareness of the importance of cybersecurity.
Ken Xie: In the next few years, the network security market is still the biggest market, also probably the fast-growing market, not just because there’s more connectivity, like 5G, SD-WAN and some other part, work from home, but also that’s the center of the whole infrastructure security. But also, you cannot just -- to network security only, you also need to have network security working closely with endpoint, with some other infrastructure, cloud, some other parts together. That’s why we call the integrated automated solution to respond to any of this quick changing dynamic industry here. That’s where it’s important, we keep the organic growth and we also keep -- develop the product on day one to make it integrated, automated together. It’s a little bit different compared to competitor, which whether come from acquisition or some other parties is more challenging to integrate and also keep the innovation going forward.
Ken Xie: Yes. Compared to 3G, 4G is more connect people, whether the phone, whatever, together, the 5G is more connect to the device. And that’s also the number of connection probably will increase as it may be 10x at least, because there’s much more devices to be connected, and that also kind of more addresses a lot of industry need, whether certain smart city or auto drive or a lot of bigger infrastructure. So that’s -- we do see a lot of a business opportunity, because so far, the network security will be more towards B2B towards the business side compared towards the consumer part. That’s we do see huge opportunity going forward. It’s just like a couple of years ago, the SD-WAN, right? So, SD-WAN can help in drive a lot of smart connection with the application and more dynamic, based on application, have a different connection there. So that’s where the 5G definitely has a lot of additional opportunity but also bring a lot of risk to the business there, which need to be protected. And also service provider, we see play quite important role there, which is we have probably the best service provider carrier relation among other cybersecurity vendors there. So we do see a lot of potential in this area.
Ken Xie: I think, during the pandemic, the customer, especially enterprise customer turned to hold down to the current vendor, especially in the developed country. But it’s -- but for us, like whether in the U.S. or some of these countries, we’re keeping gaining market share. So, we do get into a lot of new customer, which will probably take more effort during the pandemic because it’s difficult to meet people or do certain testing there. Once it’s open, we do see there’s more opportunity, more windows open for us, especially with the new hardware, new OS and the new infrastructure. So, that also leads us to kind of a little bit towards investing in the growth for us going forward in the next few quarters at least.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think the guidance, the process is not so much about individual products or even in some cases, individual use cases. We identified 15 to 20 different use cases for firewalls. It’s more about what we see in terms of market opportunity, what we see in pipeline than maybe by geography or deal opportunity or what have you as some of the key inputs that go into it. But, I wouldn’t really think of it as -- I certainly would not want you to walk away from the conversation thinking that the guidance that we provided is dependent upon some degree of 5G or SASE or something that’s above and beyond.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think, the last part is probably the headline, which is that each successive generation of the ASIC in addition to creating more speed, more capacity, if you will, more throughput. It also creates capacity to consolidate features of the BOM that were previously separate. And the success of generation has shown the benefit of that. I think over the last year or two, we’ve done a very good job of retaining that cost benefit in terms of the structure. You can look back and see what’s happened with the gross margin, on the product gross margin line. Obviously, you do then also get the benefit in total, when you add into two-thirds of the business that are services that are coming at a much more attractive margin. So, the combination of those two, I think, is working very, very well for us as we exit 2020 and move into 2021.
Keith Jensen: Yes. Tal, I’ll just add to that. I think the -- sorry to interrupt you. Look, I think, we were very successful throughout 2020, even during the pandemic, maintaining our -- and growing our operating margins very dramatically, but at the same time, adding sales capacity. And I think, when we sat down to build the guidance out in the plan for 2021, coming into the year with the capacity levels that we have, together with the increase in tenure that we’re seeing as well as the pipeline, I think we feel very good about this opportunity to take advantage of the growth. And I think, we’re still -- I think, the margin guidance at the midpoint of 26% is very much within the framework and actually up a little bit.
Keith Jensen: I think, we’ve talked before that the U.S. fed is low single digits of our government business -- of our business, nothing to add that.
Keith Jensen: Yes. So, I think a good question, but a lot of ways, different answers. If you look at geographically, Latin America continues to be, by far, the most challenged, if you will. Canada probably did the best of the three, and I would put the U.S. right in the middle. I do think that we’re very pleased with how the U.S. has come back. The second quarter, now that we all are pandemic experts about what to expect out of the business and looking at Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4. It’s pretty obvious that -- and we kind of felt this coming out of the second quarter that Q2 was a low watermark, both for the Company in total, but also for the U.S. And I think you’ve picked up on -- since that point, there’s been a steady progression of, for lack of a better term, recovery in that part of the business.
Keith Jensen: Brad, I’m not quite sure I fully understand the question, but maybe I’ll give it a shot and that to share one data point of coming into this year, if I look at the level of sales capacity we have versus what the plan is that we’re talking about. I don’t think I’ve -- this is as well positioned as we have been coming into a year to pivot towards this growth model that Ken has talked about. And I think that -- the pipeline feels very good. The tenure feels very good. The use cases, the TAM feels very, very good to us. The new FortiOS, the NP7 shift is coming out, the platform advantage, the cost advantage that we have for performance. I think that we are in a very good position to execute this. And again, we’re maintaining it within the framework that we’ve talked about previously.
Keith Jensen: Ken, can I jump in and answer on your behalf? I think, the reference probably is to a company that has a very, very different business model. Whether you’re looking at growth rates or you’re looking at product service mix or what have you. So, I don’t know that that would draw that straight-line comparison. I think, the business model that we’re executing here has been extremely successful, and I expect it will continue to be so. In terms of discounting, I think that there’s days that I don’t like carrying it, but we’re view as being the price for performance leader, that our pricing is really -- we’re oftentimes, I think, brought into RFPs and opportunities to set the milestone that the competitors are forced to react to as opposed to the other way around. If you go back and look at the comments that we’ve offered throughout 2020, even in the pandemic, more often than not, discounting, if you will, has been a tailwind for us in our ability to execute against it as opposed to a headwind. And by that, I define discounting, mean lower discounting pressure in that quarter than the prior period. So, I don’t think we have the concerns that may have been described there.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think one -- which you’re talking about is just a tremendous performance in the fourth quarter of 2020. I know that 20 -- fourth quarter of 2019 was a good quarter, but Q4 2020 on top of that ‘19 performance, I think is part of it. And this is typically the smallest quarter for us in the year. Historically, you’ve seen some sort of shift, and it’s nothing new and from going from Q4 to Q1 and then you start to see the progression thereafter.
Keith Jensen: No, not really. I mean, I made the point about inventory. The turns came in for us pretty strong in the fourth quarter, but I think that’s a direct reflection of the success that we had in the product revenue line in the fourth quarter. So that was probably a little bit better than we expected. I do think during this pandemic era that we’ll continue to maintain somewhat higher levels of inventory. I think that’s in our best interest. The extended payment term program, I think that every CFO wants to wind that down as fast as possible and every distributor wants to hold on to it for life. So, that will be an ongoing battle for us throughout 2021, I think.
Keith Jensen: Yes. We have such a long product list. I don’t think that we really saw deferrals of refreshes, despite the asset concept. I think the -- I don’t think Q4 was unusual in terms of what you normally see, with other years. And by that, I mean, I think, there was probably some element of the typical budget flush flowing through. I think, there was probably some element of salespeople working really hard to hit accelerators. And I think there was also some element of deals that simply pushed. I don’t think that -- Ken kind of made a good point earlier to build on a little bit. I think, the solar wins event happened so late in the quarter, at least for us and probably for many other security companies. It seems doubtful that that activity really had much impact on the last two weeks of December in the quarter. I do think, and Ken made this point that it certainly raises awareness of security and events like that, unfortunately, for the world at large, keep focus on security that matters and the importance of it that people are going to suffer because of it. So, I don’t know that in terms of learning to be cautious, if you will, going back to the beginning of your question and the guidance setting, I do think there was an element of caution, once we came out of the second quarter and saw how the dynamic impact close rates. And you saw that come through in the guidance setting process in both Q3 and Q4.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think, we had a slide in our Analyst Day in November 2019 that basically answered one-third, one-third, one-third. And then, to explain it a little bit of MSSP gets allocated between them. But, you end up with something that’s very, very much like that. Small business, small enterprise, one-third; mid, one-third; enterprise, one-third. I think, the thing that has been a very pleasant surprise to us throughout 2020 in the pandemic was how well the enterprise -- the small enterprise segment of the business held up. It really did very well.
Keith Jensen: Yes. I think, Ken is spot on with that. I think, quote unquote, nice thing about the pandemic is I think we have a lot of understanding about our business and what to expect in pandemic quarters. And I think that all of us here at Fortinet, and I think throughout the country are looking forward to, at some point in time, we need a vaccine and then the other gross drivers kick in, and that seems destined to be sometimes towards the second half of this year. I think, we’re all very aware of some of those GDP numbers and the year-over-year swings that we’re seeing from negative 3% to positive 6% or 7%. Those are pretty dramatic numbers. But, I think most people’s expectations are that that’s where they going to come when the economies and the countries start opening up further.
