Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Thanks, Peter, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call to discuss our third quarter 2018 results. I'm pleased with our strong third quarter result, as billing increased 22% to $528 million. Total revenue was up 21% or $454 million. Product revenue up a solid 20%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24%. We post non-GAAP earning per share of $0.49, and were again profitable on a GAAP basis with earning per share of $0.33. We aim to continue to deliver above market growth, balanced with profitability. We are experiencing strong global demand for our Security Fabric platform due to enterprise digital transformation, increasing consolidation and network security refresh cycle. Today, enterprise needs security that will go well beyond (03:20) product. This trend are expanding and opening up new opportunity for a broad, integrated and automated Security Fabric protection. The Security Fabric platform offers three major competitive advantages. First, our Fabric platform offers a broader set of end-to-end solution, providing protection from IoT to data center both on-premise and cloud. Organically built from ground up from two decades of innovation, the Security Fabric provides the best automation and integration in the industry. An example is our Security Fabric cloud offering on Azure. We now provide the most extensive offering of integrated security solution available on Azure including FortiGate Next-Generation Firewall, FortiSandbox, FortiCASB, FortiWeb, FortiMail, FortiManager and FortiAnalyzer's. A second differentiator is our superior price to performance capabilities. Fortinet is the only security company that build ASIC security processor, SPU, with integrated security and a network functionality, which provide a 10x the speed and performance of other software products. As a result, Fortinet's product provides significantly better security performance for both cloud and edge computing. The third competitive differentiator in our Security Fabric platform is the extensive third-party recognition and validation we have received from NSS Labs and Gartner. Fortinet has received recommended rating in nine out of nine NSS Lab categories, more than double the number of recommendations received by our nearest competitors. Fortinet was among the only three vendors out of 10 that received a recommendation for their SD-WAN solution and the only vendor to have received recommended rating in both SD-WAN and the Next-Generation Firewall group tests. Fortinet's Fabric platform solution have now appeared in seven Gartner Magic Quadrant over the past 12 months. Our SD-WAN solution was recognized as one of the top five solutions in Gartner's WAN Edge Magic Quadrant. Also, Fortinet was named in leader's quadrant for next-generation enterprise firewall and unified threat management. SD-WAN plays a pivotal role in realizing the true benefit of digital transformation and is forecast to reach $4.5 billion by 2022, up from $1 billion in 2018. Gartner state that by 2023, 50% of new firewall purchases in the distributed network will utilize SD-WAN features. Fortinet offers the only solution that provide both SD-WAN and next-gen firewall functionality in a single integrated offering for enterprise and SMB. We believe this technology advantage puts Fortinet in a solid position to capitalize on strong SD-WAN market growth. Last week, Fortinet announced the acquisition of ZoneFox, a cloud-based insider threat detection and response company. The acquisition further enhance the Security Fabric platform and strengthen our existing endpoint and FortiSIEM security through machine learning, providing a better and faster response to insider threats. Innovation is core to Fortinet's mission. In the third quarter, we surpassed a milestone of 500 issued patents, three times the patents issued for our nearest competitors. We are pleased to be added to the S&P 500 index, an acknowledgement of a double-digit year-over-year growth every quarter since going public in November 2009 and our consistent GAAP profitability. We are excited about significant opportunity ahead, and we will continue to invest, while achieving our goal of 25% operating margin at 2022. I want to thank the Fortinet team and our partner for their ongoing hard work and our customers for their support. Now, I would turn the call over to Keith for a closer look at our third quarter performance and our fourth quarter guidance.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, actually, we saw strong building growth, like a 22%. Our head count hiring probably little behind that. So, the healthy way for long-term growth need to be synched together for the top line growth and the head count growth. So, that's where we may catch up little bit. On the other side, we do see the refresh cycle still going on. Maybe it last another one to two years. The other opportunity that we see is SD-WAN is a huge opportunity, like I mentioned in the script. In the next few years, will be reached from this year $1 billion to $5 billion. And we are the only vendor who can provide both SD-WAN and also security, yes, single path, single solution, that's a huge advantage for lot of enterprise SMB service provider. We see a very strong demand. We believe this trend will be carried for another few years of growth, very strong growth. So, that's why we want to keep in balance among the growth and the profitability. So, we (21:42) both the top line and bottom line. We also have the commitment, 25% operating margin by 2022, but we also want to keep in – invest in the growth going forward.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: We do see both growing well, whether in the data center cloud and also in the internal segmentation and edge computing. Because once (22:43) when they move the data to the cloud, they also need to secure the access to it, and actually add some additional risk because now in the cloud, if you cannot secure access, then the data probably more risk, more danger there. So, that's how to secure access the data, actually leveraged like SSL encryption since it's very, very important. The most other current network security solution there have a big performance issue with SSL encryption, but we have the ASIC solution, which when you do the SSL encryption for the traffic, you almost no – no traffic drop compared with other solution test – is about 80% drop off the throughput. So, that's what we see. As for the enterprise, there's a hybrid and will move some data to the cloud compared – some more internally. So, they need to balance amount of what's the data go to the cloud, what's data – and what's computing still within the edge, within enterprise. So, we see enterprise definitely keeping increase the security spending, even some IT spending probably pretty much flat. So, it's still very healthy, and we continue to believe the security will grow like 10% or even above in the next 10-plus years, and the total market, that's going to reach like $1 trillion in the next 10 to 20 years. It's a very healthy, long-term growth market.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: A few of this cycle compared to the rush by happening end of 2012-2013, this probably last a little bit longer, maybe a few quarter longer, maybe last more like two year, two-and-a-half, three years. We are probably close to the middle of it. But the difference is this time they consider multiple solution together, (25:29) platform. So, they also need to find a way to integrate to automate a solution, compared to the last cycle that's refreshed from the regular firewall to the next-gen firewall UTM. And that's where this time, they need to consider how this different piece can work-in together, whether from the network side, endpoint, the cloud, the networking side, even some storage and IoT. So, that's where they kind of have a more bigger picture, kind of infrastructure, kind of approach compared to that's the network side. But also we see some kind of a new infrastructure, whether the SD-WAN or the 5G, similar like in the past, we see also very strong platform fabric growth really, the Wi-Fi also need to be considered together with security. So, that we see as a kind of the total infrastructure Fabric platform approach is happening right now, and consider the security more integrate or designed with the infrastructure, instead of just a – like a add on top of some infrastructure.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Also, we introduced a new service called the FortiCare 360, that's beyond the traditional FortiCare 8x5 support and then 24x7 support. This will be helping the Fabric service going forward, is helping to manage, to configure, to deploy and also to help check off some of the Fabric solution there. It's still in the early ramp-up stage, but we do believe including the future Fabric and also the new trend in the SD-WAN. So, this service is needed, and we see also very quickly ramp up, even though it's in the very early stage, we do believe this will help in the future service growth.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yes. Also, we're starting to invest in the market chain to support the sales into the Global 2000, and we see pretty good progress there. And at the same time, it's – even within the sales, we starting kind of a separate some of the effort of organization by focusing the channel or focusing the Global 2000. So, that's where – once we have the focus we can see the growth pretty healthy.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, also like early this year during the Analyst Day, I believe you were there (37:01) we do see that the long-term growth margin target is 80%, and at same time we refreshed some of the middle range product. During the refresh plan, the gross margin drop little bit and then will come back up once the ramp-up refresh starting to finish. So, we do see the long-term trends still the same, and we're still keeping the 80% target for gross margin long term.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Right. Yes. That's where we do see the SD-WAN technologies starting kind of being used by some new relatively small service provider trying to get a market share from the traditional MPLS offer by some of the bigger carrier, service provider. So, at the same time, the 5G, some other technology is starting taking off now. So, our philosophy is working with service – all kind of service provider, both large and small, and offer the best product and tool and this security into the service they're offering. So, we see this strategy working quite well, that's where we had only one offered SD-WAN together with security, Wi-Fi together with security and also going forward some other new things in security together. So, that's the strategy the service provider like a lot and that's when compared with some other like a network vendor or the security vendor, they have to catch up to buying company to follow the trend comparably kind of a long-term invest in all this year, few years ago and keeping investing for the long-term and offer integrate automated solutions, which is much better for the service provider for the customer.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I see more multiple solutions integrated together to deploy. Yeah, we do see some sometimes the deals get larger on the – because when you have multiple solutions integrate, automate together, that you can – I'm not sure that's a trend or not. It's still too early to say like a bigger deal or the bigger customer make it over a $1 million dollar deal. The size got bigger, the number not quite, real flat, but I do see the deployment study need to be more integrate, more kind of multiple solution working together now.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah and I think also we believe we have a huge advantage because most of fabric partner don't do internally organic designs they want the designs to work together, integrate together. And also including some networking function like SD-WAN compared with some other company, they have to purchase some of these product solution, which always very difficult for the integration and always take time to make it working together. So we have huge advantage. So we do see the benefits are bigger and bigger now.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: We don't have any price pressure right now. So that's why we keep – feel the gross margin can keep improving because one of the key differentiator is we are the only one design ASIC chip. Now, we (43:50) deploy and also the (43:50) been working, whether the two-sided effect, the more we deploy, they can also lower the average cost for the chip and also design cost average per chip. At the same time, customer see more benefit we can invest more in there, but that ASIC chip take a long time, 5 to 10 year to see the benefit. So far, none of our competitor have been able to invest early enough to get in the space to see the benefit we have. So once we have a bigger and bigger number unit deployment and market share, we also see the accelerated benefit will help us to keep a differentiated advantage more. Yeah, that's pretty much...
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I agree. It's a very good point. We do see customer take a little bit longer time when they consider multiple solution, multiple product need to be working together, but also that can make the deal also larger. And also, we have to train both ourselves as well as the partner how to sell multiple product and make it all working together as a fabric solution. It's a very good point trend for this kind of refresh cycle.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: The non-FortiGate grow a little bit faster than the FortiGate. But interesting with – now we offer SD-WAN within the FortiGate, we suddenly got into some – the infrastructure solution deployment, which have a security design-in. So that actually will help in the FortiGate side. So we are not quite sure what's going on. But definitely we see the non-FortiGate so far early this year, they grow faster than the FortiGate. But SD-WAN may changing this a little bit. But overall, we do see this will also bring additional service and also make the total solution better, stronger and because there's a multiple solution or with the customer, it's also making it more stickier with the customer.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I'd say it's pretty close. I think within the next few months or few quarters. It's very close now. About every quarter, we do refresh some other product like some of the middle range, some of the – and also, we do have a – last year, we had, what we called, a CP9 camera last year which is improving the SSL encryption quite a lot. It's more like a 15x improvement, so that's a huge advantage when you try to deploy the cloud access, so working beautifully both on the cloud and on the edge.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, they do have a little bit concern in the last couple months, but is – but we don't see the security. Security within IT spending is still keeping increase. So even the IT spending flat, we do see the security will keeping growing like a 10%, 15%. That's why also, I believe the next 10-plus years will reach $2 trillion market as – because security got more and more important for all the business we're doing here all connect together. And also, plus the additional, like IoT/OT security and plus the clouds and market POP. You do see the overall security spending is not decreasing, but keeping similar pace in the last like 20-some years.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: I think we have the approach more like a hybrid solution and that's where like a customer has the freedom whether deployed our products their premise or some of data application go to the cloud. For the Azure, the same thing. We have also the broadest security cloud offering, whether on Azure, on the ASS or on some other like Google, Oracle, IBM, some other cloud. So that's where we want to offer the broadest, the best solution which customer can select how to best fit their need and also offering the flexibility to transfer between – changing between whether on-premise and also on the cloud. So that's different compared to some of the native cloud provider offers some of the security service, which they more focus in certain application only and it's not based on the networking side or the infrastructure side. So that's where we are not competing with them, it's more a like a different layer of security, so we're more on the infrastructure layer, on the network side and compared they're more focused on certain application.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Things are growing more strong and it's a part of the fabric solution, we do see similar growth, it's a pretty good growth.
Ken Xie - Fortinet, Inc.: Yeah, but also, the endpoint and also the SIM and also the acquisition we have with ZoneFox also will help in endpoint and for the SIM growth.
Keith F. Jensen: Hi, Jonathan, it's Keith. Second question, first. No, we do not have a separate quota for the Fabric, for the sales team. If you look to the product family, I would highlight the access points and the switches performed very well in the quarter. That continues a pattern that we started see shaping up in the beginning of the quarter as well. I think also I would add to that list FortiManager, FortiAnalyzer, FortiSIEM. Overall, the product suite of the Fabric performed very well during the quarter.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah. And we're not in a position as we go through the budgeting cycle that we're in right now for the coming year to really talk about guidance for 2019. Obviously, we're very pleased with the performance of the company in Q3 on the top line and on the operating margin line. I think the productivity from the sales organization, you've seen that come into play in third quarter. We're very pleased with that. I'll probably leave it to Ken to talk a little bit about market forces and what we're seeing beyond just the Fabric growth but other comments as well.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah. And thanks for your nice comments. Yeah, I think DSO came in. I don't think there was anything really unnatural in the numbers. And that just kind of leads up to your – second part of your point. I think linearity in the quarter was indeed good, and it kind of held its pace, I commented on about the first month of the quarter in the last earnings call, being good. And I think it kind of continued on through the quarter. And I think you're seeing that in the DSO number.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, when you start to see multiple products like that, it's going to go beyond the firewall right into the Fabric, right? And more often than not, you'll see, as I indicated previously, from a hardware viewpoint the access points and the switches are doing very well. And then you roll into that typically a suite of FortiManager, FortiAnalyzer, FortiSIEM, FortiCloud, et cetera.
Keith F. Jensen: I think when you look at that population, again, I think it was off by two I think year-over-year, from 32 to 30. You're going to get a little bit of volatility in that segment of the market, so I'm not surprised by it. I was very pleased to see the total dollar value that was billed in those large deals. Even though the number was smaller, the total billings were up about 34%, I believe I said.
Keith F. Jensen: Look. I think, obviously, we're very pleased with the results for the quarter both from the top line and the bottom line, and as you know, we manage or we guide to total revenue into the margins. So, within that mix of services and products, we're very pleased with where we ended up including the gross margin line. I think a little more specific to your question, one thing we looked at was, our renewal rates were very good in the quarter, up over what we normally see. Attach rates were very good. The mix of 24x7 versus 8x5 support was very good. It ticked up again. As I said, renewal rates, attach rates. So, I think it's a larger base is part of it, as you point out. I think the other key element of this is something that we've talked about a little bit in the Analyst Day and as the Fabric platform came online, we expected it to bring with it a higher mix of hardware. And that higher mix of hardware what you're seeing in the top line on the product revenue growth, and then a smaller mix on services. And I would really point to access points and switches for that. So, I think you're really starting to see the impact of the platform strategy from the Fabric, and how it's appearing in the success it's driving on the income statement.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think the way we've always described it is – that – that's a ASC 605 number, and we're tracking to ASC 605. And part of that – the reason we're looking at the ASC 605 number in terms of that commitment is, as you can see, it's moving around on us, right? It's come down from the first quarter to the fourth quarter, and it can be impacted by things like product revenue mix, comp plans, service term, et cetera. So, I think just to keep this all very honest on our side of the table, it's a ASC 605 goal.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah. I'm going to pause on providing guidance for 2019, other than offering up our long-term model that we've talked about before and what we're targeting over time.
Keith F. Jensen: Hi, Gabriela. It's Keith. How are you? I would say the pipeline in total, we're very pleased with the direction of the pipeline. And in the segmentation of the pipeline, I think the fact that I'm pleased applies to both our very important SMB part of our business and also the Global 2000 part of the business. Yeah, I think the – we're well positioned with an opportunity to continue to lead in the SMB and expand into the enterprise. And I think that trailing 12-month number of 31% growth is a very positive indicator. In terms of wins and losses, that's – we're not – other than the carrier MSSP, we're not the incumbent. It's always a little more challenging to displace the incumbent. But I think when we have those opportunities we're doing well, and we're very pleased with it.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think that's a fair question. I'd probably just going to offer you some context. It can be impacted by the mix obviously between products and services in any quarter. Specifically, when you look to Q3, the Q4, the sequentiality, our mix typically ticks up a little bit to product, which puts a bit of pressure on the gross margin line. I do expect that we're going to continue to see growth and improvement in total gross margin and largely driven by the services component of that. And I think we're kind of fast forward to the punch line. We're on track to that 25% goal, and that gross margin line is a component of that.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think the, and Ken may want to weigh in here a little bit, but I think the MSSPs portion of that service provider is really what you're seeing, and that's historically been the larger part of our business, and we're seeing that do exceedingly well. I think the SD-WAN discussion now is really coming into play as part of that business as well. And I think you're seeing that starting to drive -we've had some conversations with customers that SD-WAN opportunity is really starting to drive some pipeline growth. I think 5G will be a part of it as well.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, sorry about that. I know we're just consolidating on words in my script. FortiGate unit shipment is up 16% year-over-year. All shipments up 20% year-over-year, I mean, quote 21%, but I'll go with 20%.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, and I would just – Ken is spot on and I would just kind of remind people that oftentimes we see staged deployments with our large enterprises and so you will see some of these deals appearing from a single customer, they'll be buying in Q2, Q3 and then again in Q1 or something like that. So I think it's difficult to look at an individual customer because it's more than one quarter and offer a comment on that. But yes, the enterprise does drive larger deal sizes, whether that's just because of the number of firewalls or it's because of the fabric products that are being attached to it.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think all of our U.S. government vertical, which is a vertical that we've previously disclosed, had a good quarter. We were pleased with it. And I do think that there was a little bit of – I think U.S. Fed part of that business, which again is a subset of our total vertical, did well in the quarter.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think we feel very good about the sales cycles. I mean, again, because we have success in both the SMB, the channel, the carrier, as well as the enterprise – looking at the number for the quarter, I don't think that the elongated sales cycle was the issue. I certainly do see us building things in our pipeline that I guess I would call longer term and perhaps larger dollars, but those are much further out.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think not something I would normally guide to, let's say, and I think previously I've talked throughout the year that we would expect that the contract term would tick up during the year. And I think that's probably going to continue on to the fourth quarter.
Keith F. Jensen: Well, I think if I look back over the last – over this year at least, this pretty much kind of hovered in that similar mix, if you will. We are very pleased with the FortiGate Fabric platform and we will certainly continue with that as a key point of our strategy throughout 2019.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, boy this is – a lot of credit goes to the sales team, I think, for their execution, together with the support from the marketing team and the R&D team. So – but I'm not sure that's – if you're asking about comp plan specific, I think we talked previously that we did create a separate commission element for products in the second quarter. I think more importantly and specifically with comp plans, one thing we did in the U.S. at the beginning of this quarter is we actually took the next step and separated the SMB business from the enterprise business in terms of how those compensation plans work and who's responsible for it. And I would say I was ecstatic with the results on both ends of the spectrum. The SMB channel in the U.S. did extremely well and the enterprise in the U.S. did extremely well too. I think there's just – those teams performed exceedingly well. We got a little lift in productivity probably from that. And as we've talked before that I expect – I don't see us separating the company, but I do see us continuing with our focus and how we go to market in these different segments and continuing to invest in both.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, the headline would be, in Q4, it would be less than $300,000 of impact, probably significantly less, and in Q1 for the January 1 date, it will be less than $500,000 on a quarterly basis to COGS.
Keith F. Jensen: I think I commented – that's getting a little specific. I'd probably go back to the comments I made a moment ago that I thought the U.S. did exceedingly well in the enterprise segment of the business in the third quarter and I'm really, really pleased with what they did. But I think going to the next level of detail is probably where I would pause.
Keith F. Jensen: I'd still put that more as a pipeline discussion, if you will. It just moves closer and closer to the close rate, but I'm not sitting on a large backlog, if that's the question.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think that if you look at what enterprise – this is Keith, I'm sorry. If you look at what I'll call the incumbents in the enterprise, you're probably seeing contract terms that are closer to three years. We're obviously at 26 months as I noted. To the extent that we continue to have more and more success in that enterprise segment of the market, I would expect that their buying pattern and – I think we've talked about this before, the fact that they're going to want to do three-year contracts and in many cases they're going to want to do five-year contracts. So I think that's where the pressure comes from, it's lined up with the success of the push into the enterprise.
Keith F. Jensen: Yeah, I think, mail, specifically, let me check my numbers real quick, but I think mail had a very good quarter. I would just put that in the tier right below access switches, analyzer and access point switches and analyzers.
