Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. 2015 was a successful year for The Hartford. Core earnings per diluted share increased 15% over 2014. Core earnings ROE rose to 9.2% from 8.4%. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, grew by 7%. We reduced debt by $750 million and we returned $1.6 billion of capital to our shareholders. Doug and Beth will go into further details of our 2015 performance but I’d like to touch on a few highlights. First, Property and Casualty had a very strong year. The underlying combined ratio improved a half a point to 91 and top line growth continued, reflecting an increase in new business and the benefit of pricing and underwriting actions we have made over the past few years. Group Benefits had a very strong year. The business generated a 5.6% core earnings margin, exceeding our plan and pivoted to growth with a 2% increase in fully insured ongoing premiums. We continue to execute on our strategy at Talcott Resolution. The business is running off steadily, returning capital to the holding company and our hedge programs are working effectively. Our mutual funds business generated $1.5 billion of positive net flows in 2015, increased sales by 15% and delivered solid relative fund performance. And our ratings were upgraded by A.M. Best, Moody’s and S&P, an affirmation of our improved balance sheet, operating performance and financial flexibility. We delivered these strong financial results and increased our top line momentum while investing in the capabilities and talent that are making us a broader and deeper risk player in a more efficient, customer-focused company that can deliver sustainable, profitable growth. For example, the strong talent we attracted to the organization, particularly in underwriting, sales, data and technology is enabling us to judiciously expand into new market industry verticals. Doug will touch upon this in a moment. The investments we made in new systems such as our claims system, our Group Benefits enrolment system and our middle market underwriting desktop are both reducing cycle times, and importantly, enhancing the experiences we are delivering to agents and customers. Our understanding of the business implications of accelerating technological change, shifting demographics and evolving customer expectations is informing the investments we are making in product, distribution and service. And recent marketing investments have increased the visibility of our iconic brand. For example, our sponsorship of Major League Baseball fully rolls out in 2016 and we recently announced the extension of our 20-plus year relationship with the U.S. Paralympics through 2020. As all of you know, the market is becoming increasingly competitive and the investment environment is less favorable. Consolidation amongst carriers as well as agents and brokers has accelerated. Legacy IT platforms are aging and are costly to maintain. We face disruption from the advent of big data, autonomous vehicles and new capital entering the market. Interest rates are low and are expected to be lower for longer. These dynamics are challenging insurance companies to reevaluate their operations and to adapt. We believe that The Hartford is well-positioned to address these challenges and to take advantage of the market opportunities they present. We entered 2016 with a strong portfolio of businesses and capital flexibility. We remain focused on organically growing each of our business and we will explore acquisitions that meet our financial and strategic objectives. We will maintain underwriting discipline and tightly manage expenses to support ongoing investments in the capabilities and talent needed to be a top-of-mind company for the products we offer through our distribution partners. And we will continue to expand our core earnings ROE, excluding Talcott, with business performance and effective capital management that returns excess capital to shareholders. Our 2016 outlook for core earnings is $1.575 billion to $1.675 billion. Excluding Talcott, this range represents core earnings growth of approximately 5% adjusted for favorable CATs in other items in 2015. We also intend to complete our capital management plan, including the $1.3 billion of share repurchases. In closing, let me express how proud I am of what we accomplished in 2015 and my sincere thanks to our leadership team, our employees, agents and customers, and our investors for their continued support and confidence. We have a clear strategy, an experienced and stable management team, a powerful national distribution network, differentiated products and a brand that stands for strength and integrity. As we enter 2016, I am confident in our ability to navigate this dynamic and competitive environment and continue to create shareholder value. Now I’ll turn the call over to Doug.
Chris Swift: Jay, it’s Chris. 9.2% is what we delivered this year on a core basis. And thanks for acknowledging the expanded disclosures that Beth and the team have put out there. We think it’s important that you really continue to see the progress that we can make going forward. So as I really sit here today, the 10.9% core earnings ex-Talcott, as Beth described, really does exceed our cost of equity capital today which we judge probably on a 9% to 9.5% range. And if we look forward in ‘16, I do think we could improve that 10.9%. So when I say that, really what I mean is if you look at the plan that we outlined, including normal CATs, we achieve our NII outlook, we maintain in the margins that Doug and his team are focused on and we execute the capital management plan, I think that core earnings ROE ex-Talcott could increase by 50% by the end of ‘16 - basis points, excuse me, 50 basis points.
Chris Swift: And Jay, the 50 basis point improvement I talked about obviously does not include that either. So like Beth said, we don’t really outlook favorable or unfavorable development at this point.
Chris Swift: Jay, it’s Chris. We’re very aware of market developments and activities whether it be from traditional players of new players in the marketplace. And ultimately you’re probably not going to like this answer, but time will tell. But if you look at what it’s going to take to be successful, product, service, brand, reputation, claims, I mean it’s, I call it an entire business model you have to be good at to keep customers for a long term which we’ve been particularly very pleased and proud of our retention. So with $3.5 billion of premium and upstarts, they’re going to try and we’ll have to have a response which we’ll be prepared for at the right time to counteract any of their measures in the marketplace. But I like our beginning point. But we’re also very watchful as far as developments in the marketplace.
Chris Swift: I would just offer, Meyer, just a context here. So agents across our platform are very vital to our success. So when we talk about shrinking agents, particularly in the independent agency side, I think it’s important you have a context of market segment. So our strategy here is to have meaningful relationships with our independent agents defined as being a top three carrier in their agency plan because that will dictate, I’ll call it, long-term success with retention growth and profitability. Those agencies particularly in personal lines that we don’t have that type of relationship with is the targeted area here for shrinking. On the other side, particularly given our AARP relationship and the importance of agents to certain AARP members that want advice and counsel, if we want to continue to support those independent agents that have the ability to attract and retain AARP customers for the long term. So it’s very targeted here, our actions. So I don’t want you to have the impression that - or getting out of independent agency channel and personal line or fine-tuning the definition of success ultimately from a growth and profitability side.
Chris Swift: And Randy, it’s Chris. All I said is I mentioned, severity is not zero either, right? So I mean there are still more expensive cars and bumpers and devices to fix in cars when there are accidents. So I just want to be clear that severity is in that 2%, 3% range also.
Chris Swift: Erik, I could get that to you. But I would just ensure focus on first quarter. First quarter is going to start out soft here just given market activities and the lag.
Chris Swift: Tom, this is Chris. Our interest rates obviously are - I think if you look at our discount rates of how we’re going to discount our implied discount and our liabilities are appropriate. But as Doug said, I mean it’s a great business for us. It’s a major contributor of our growth orientation and our strategies. It’s integral. And I’m glad you’re recognizing its potential.
Chris Swift: Tom, Beth can comment on her views. But I think generally you’re right with the view if you look at the capital allocation. We’ve got a lot of capital tied up in, I call it, the fixed annuities. But again, the amount of derisking that the book has gone through, the hedge protection, the sensitivities that Beth gave you on capital margins, it still says that we have the ability to extract some excess capital out as the block shrinks and as we produce earning. Math-wise it’s hard for us to predict right now, but that’s what I would say. Beth.
Beth Bombara: Yes, this is Beth. I’ll take that question. So we make our best call each year on what we anticipate for our A&E reserves. And to put a bogey out there as far as what we could expect for prior development, we don’t really have a basis for doing that. The last several years, obviously we have seen charges. Years before that, we didn’t. And we’ll continue to evaluate any reserves in the second quarter like we’ve done before. Also note, we don’t actually estimate any prior year development except for the accretion of workers comp discount, so it’s very consistent with how we look at things overall. But it is something that we obviously take into consideration and thin about as we think about our expectations for 2016 and we’ll make the call on what the reserves need to be at the time we do the study.
Beth Bombara: Just one thing before you take another question, Sabra, I just did want to clarify that in my remarks, I call that our impairments for the quarter were 107 million. That was actually a full year number, not the quarter.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I would say over the near-term that is a reasonable estimation of the decline. So again, a large portion of the income that comes in on Talcott is from the VA book and fees there so that continues to surrender activity there, you’d continue to see decreases in those earnings. So in the near term, I think that’s a reasonable expectation.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things. And we do provide a breakout of our partnership investments and our 10-Qs and Ks so you can see the update. Obviously, we file the K at the end of the month. But when you think about our total partnerships where we ended 2015 at about $2.9 billion of assets, about $1.8 billion of that is in private equity and real estate funds and the rest would be in hedge funds. And when we think about our returns in total, we plan for a blended sort of 6% return. We anticipate higher returns in the private equity funds and a bit lower in the hedge funds. And as Chris just said, as we think about first quarter, a couple of things to keep in mind. For the private equity fund, those are on a quarter lag. So what we report in first quarter will really be where they ended 2015. And for the hedge funds, they are at about a one month lag. And looking at what we expect to see for January results, we expect to see a little bit of downtick in the hedge fund performance and we’ll just have to see how February comes in to see where we actually close the quarter.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things. So the rule of thumb, what we typically look at is that for every 1% change and sort of an annualized look at S&P, that’s about $2 million to $3 million of quarter earnings. So when you think about how markets have declined since yearend and sort of extrapolate that, right now looking at it you’d probably say about 15 million after tax sort of pressure on the quarter earnings number.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So a couple of things. So as I said, we ended the year with our portfolio at about $2.6 billion. About 91% of that is in investment grade securities. And then a little, obviously, the rest in below investment grade with 745 of that at a BB rating. So as I said here today, we feel very good about our holdings. And as always, we’ll continue to monitor it. And so if there are other actions we need to take, we would take them. But right now, we felt very well-positioned with all of the actions that we took over the course of 2015. As it relates to the oil hedges, as Chris said, we put that on in early 2015 because as we looked at our portfolio, we knew that we did want to reduce our exposure there and we wanted some protection so that if prices were to decline significantly before we’re able to do that, we had some offset. So actually, the hedge position we unwound mid-December because we’re basically done with our activities and we were put at a modest loss of about $9 million on it before tax. But again, overall, very, very happy with the actions that we took and the position that we find ourselves in today.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I agree with that. I mean again you go back, we took out $1 billion of dividends last year and we anticipate taking $750 million out this year. What I think about 2017 and 2018 to your point, I first think about the capital that we generate, $200 million to $300 million range which I would point out still requires extraordinary dividend approval even though its earnings. It’s a capital position of Talcott. And then I do see there being the potential for excess capital beyond that. But when I think about going into 2017, I don’t anticipate the dividends being higher than what they were in 2016. And as we go through the course of the year, we’ll obviously continue to update that, but you’re right, it would be on a downward trajectory, not increasing when we think about the excess capital.
Doug Elliot: Right. For our own models, if we were to put something in for prior year development on issues like a asbestos south [ph], that would detract from the -
Doug Elliot: Cliff, good morning, this is Doug. Our indications across our frequency and severity triangles, these last several years have been very favorable. 2015, our frequency still is small single digits negative across all our markets. Severity is a bit too early to predict on that tail line, but we’re seeing favorable symptoms even at 12 months on the 2015 actually. And so very pleased about the last three to four action year. Indicators inside our loss triangles and it has been a driver of our improvement and profitability for sure. In 2016 moving forward, we don’t see a major change in the environment, but we’re still predicting that we’re going to see medical inflation and indemnity severity based on wage and medical as we expect over the lifetime of these workers comp claims. And frequency, I think it’s a pretty flattish scenario in the frequency world.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I’ll let you pick the word. What I would say is that we’re pleased with the progress. Particularly in middle market, this line has gone from at the bottom of our profitability curve to near the top. And we’re trying to do everything we can to maintain that level of profitability in our book.
Doug Elliot: So John, thanks. I guess I would say this first about 2015. First, the first six months of 2015 really were very quiet vis-à-vis frequency and then obviously very different patterns back after the year. As we move forward, we’re reflecting kind of the increased economic activity which has got a lot of features to it as you know. We weren’t quite sure and we certainly didn’t have that tenant [ph] when we’re with you in October when we talked about the third quarter. But it’s more than a blip. We think it’s going to be with us and therefore, we’re building those patterns into our longer-term framework. And I would say there’s upward bias on our pricing actions moving forward, yes.
Doug Elliot: We’re working. We are working hard and you know that across both auto and home. I would say this on the homeowners book, number one, our ability to price parallel and properly underwrite through all those parallels is going through a vigorous review. We’re looking at our underwriting and risk characteristics. We’re looking at agency management actions. So really for both lines, we’ve made quite a few changes in the past 12 months. We’re down about 2,200 agencies that have underperformed for us over a longer period of time. We’re going to continue to look at agency actions in the AARP agency world. We have deauthorized over 2,300 contracts in the last six months. So we’re looking at every lever available to us both on the home and auto side encouraged by progress on both. But it’s going to take time for those actions to earn their way in to the book of business which is why I think we’re trying to be subtle and conservative as we play 2016 out.
Doug Elliot: Yes, we have hopes for improvement on both auto and home. I would say that if you look at our cat performance over a longer than one year period, we think that we can be a more thoughtful cat underwriter in the homeowners arena. Again, we’re looking at pearls inside our product. So yes, between agency actions and underwriting actions on our own part, we do expect to see improvement in home over the next year to two.
Doug Elliot: Mike, I’d love to see that gap close a bit further, but let me just offer a couple of comments. Number one, very pleased with the outstanding performance in small commercial. I think across the marketplace and historically against our own book of business, we’re in a very solid spot and would like to grow and maintain that margin going forward. So that’s a thought around small commercial. In the middle arena, a bit more duration matched here. So this is a book of business that has improved mightily over the past four years. We’re watching the yield curve because duration does matter. Workers comp is a key line here as it is in small. It’s been a while since I’ve reported a quarter with 89 execs in the middle in my career. So please with progress. I would say that between the pricing environment that we continue to compete in and the yield environment that affects our portfolio, we’re going to stay close to those dynamics and be thoughtful in terms of our choices, risk by risk as we move through time. And also, as Chris has shared with you, we have geography goals. And we think there are other places in the country that we can find and build new relationships and be able to leverage our products that are really very solid at the marketplace. So like the progress. I think we can be a much bigger, broader player over time in middle.
Doug Elliot: If you look at fourth quarter performance, Jay, you can see some of that playing out because one of the lines is down. It’s down most substantially relative to the other personal lines. It’s not 50% of our agency book, but it has disproportionally impacted our profit inside the book of business, Jay. So I don’t think you have to make major top line modifications. I think you’re going to probably see more quarters moving forward like what you saw in the fourth quarter. But we do expect to see some positive development inside our triangles from some of these actions.
Doug Elliot: So we have contracts with individual agencies both personal lines and commercial contracts, Meyer. And we obviously have to buy better provisions so there are extended contract periods. So some of them having six-month, twelve-month provision that we will continue to be partners. And then at some point in the future, that business will move elsewhere. They do shift and are not exactly the same throughout the country, but we’re adhering to them. On the expense side, I think we’re working hard to manage our expenses appropriately given what may happen to the top line. So I don’t think you have to do any different to your models on the expense side. Chris.
Doug Elliot: And Meyer, I would say two other points that I would like to have. Number one, our research which we’ve worked on now this past couple of years shows us that many of those AARP members do indeed prefer to work with an agent. So we’re excited about the progress we’ve made there. And secondly, my comment about the number of agents that have been deauthorized for AARP, those were essentially relationships that had leveraged the value of what we thought we brought to the table with this enhanced offering. So in the case that they haven’t leveraged that, we’d rather be contracted with those that are using it. And we think there’s great value there. And working like crazy to build a very, very positive profile of customers that value our brand and our AARP members.
Doug Elliot: As we look at our trends across 2015, they’re essentially very consistent across the channel. So our frequency uptick in third quarter and also fourth quarter as well as the very flat profile for the first half of the year, were essentially consistent across the channel. I think that leads down a path toward this economic dynamic with weather in the fourth quarter and a summer month vacation schedule in July and August that we felt the impact of as did many others.
Doug Elliot: Chris, I think you hit most of the major points. I think maybe a few to add. One is I would not underestimate our view of how much the non-rate activity should improve our performance over time, Randy. So these agency actions and really becoming a better underwriter. I’m thinking about selection and undisclosed drivers and appetite management and geography. Those are all meaningful priorities for us and we expect over the next year to two years. That’s point one. Point two is I don’t think that dramatic change in our numbers were quite as dramatic as some of the other carriers we compete with. So yes, our frequency was not flat for the second half of the year. But it was mid-single, three-ish, three to four. So that’s not 8, 10, 12. It’s having an impact on our filings, it will be proportional to state. But we wanted to send the message today that we’re not just at a point where we’re thinking it was a blip on the radar and we’re not going to adjust our patterns going forward.
Doug Elliot: Our price filings are still in that mid-single digit range and probably will increase from there on auto going into 2016.
Doug Elliot: Yes, good question Tom. I think that our full year results are more reflective of how we deal about group. There was some fine-tuning at yearend. We had a little adverse mortality and severity in our life block. And a little bit of activity in LTD, not anything major. And as I look at the full year, I still feel very good about the health of our overall book of business and our ability to compete in the marketplace. So we move ahead into 2016 feeling good about the progress made.
Doug Elliot: We still want to stay ahead of trend. So we’ve got medical and other trends in that book of business that will impact our future plans and activities. But I don’t see anything out of the ordinary difference than how we would have thought about pricing over the last 12 to 18 months.
Doug Elliot: So Bob, you now have the sense that we’re working numerous levers on both home and auto. And I do think that the first half of the year in auto will be a tough compare relative to frequency because basically they had none in the first half of last year. But they’re underwriting actions. And these agency actions I described we think will improve our results over time. It’s not going to be easy. And as you know, it takes a while for these actions to earn their way in. Both Chris and I are committed to making those changes and we believe we can hit the targets that we have out there. But we’ve got a lot of work to do in front of us, no question. And I look at headwinds into 2016, personal lines is probably just at the top of that list for the need for us to work through change to get these books in a better financial state.
Doug Elliot: We believe so. We’ve been very selective about where we put the gas pedal on. We’ve talked to you about the fact that we’ve got a new class plan that have went in two years ago. And it’s been rolling in over time. But Ray Sprague and his team have been very analytical about how we’ve built in our marketing plans, where we’re advertising. AARP obviously is at the core of that, Bob. We look at it by state, so we’re very targeted in terms of within those states, what we’re doing. But I will also say to you that the overall answer is still not working. So we have more work to be done and confident that we’re on the right path with the renewed team, actively engaged to get it done in 2016 and 2017 as we move forward.
