Susan Spivak Bernstein: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2023 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our participants are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; and Mo Tooker, Middle and Large Commercial and Global Specialty. A few comments before Chris begins. Today’s call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford’s prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford’s website for one year. I’ll now turn the call over to Chris.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you, Beth. Operator, we have about 30 minutes for questions and we will take our first question.
Susan Spivak Bernstein: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Chris Swift: Yes. Alex, thanks for joining us. As we talked about improving and growing our property book and capabilities was paramount and I’m pleased to report on a quarter-over-quarter basis, our property totals are up about 23% on a written premium basis. Pricing for the portfolio is up 15%, a couple standout data points there, large property is up almost 70%, with 18 points a rate, wholesale properties up 25% with 29 points a rate, and then our global reinsurance business is up about 50% of – with its property component and 30 points of rate. So you can see, I think we’re executing well in an attractive marketplace and we feel good about what we’re producing. I would just share with you that, we’re not taking on consciously sort of CAT exposed property. I mean, we want broad-based property coverages, primarily the fire peril, and if it comes along with some incremental or limited CAT exposure, what will take it and price the CAT risk appropriately. So you should not think that this is a CAT play for us, but rather a broad-based property approach. And every year, we provide our CAT loads to you, we feel good about our CAT loads for this year, even with some slight elevation in the first half of the year. But that’s what I would share with you, Alex.
Chris Swift: Yes, I will share with you and sort of reprise what we talked about in the first quarter, but at a high level summary, nothing’s really changed from what we’ve talked about in the first quarter. We still feel good about the guidance that we put out, we’re executing well. And remember, the fundamental thesis of the improvement between years was loss ratio improvement, expense ratio improvement. And we were going to fight some headwinds in our workers’ comp business. So all three of those components are playing out almost exactly as we’ve foreseen. There’s also – remember, we talked about an earned premium impact that it was slightly more leveraged on the second half of the year. So earned premiums will continue to increase through the compounding effect of rates. So I still see that and expect that in the second half of the year. The second point we talked about was a mix more towards property and other lines that have just lower loss ratios that would mix in – to help improvement. And the third thing that, again, we see every month when we review results with the team. Our underwriting initiatives and how we’re looking at terms and conditions in a thoughtful way continue to produce a loss ratio benefit. So you put all that together, it is still what we believe will emerge on a full year basis. To your specific point, Alex, on any unusual items in the quarter, I would say, there’s probably five-tenths – excuse me, five-tenths of a point or a half a point in total headwinds, primarily from the non-CAT property losses that Beth talked about. We had favorability in middle, had some offsets in small, and then we have a runoff line of business aviation war in our international book. That business has been runoff in the last three quarters, but we did have $5 million of losses there. So I put those two pieces together and I would normalize a full half a point off of what we printed right now.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say, it’s easier on group benefits, because we don’t – we’re not exposed to medical inflation there. Remember, our group benefits business we replace wages, and don’t have any exposure to sort of medical cost in total. And then what I would say, Michael, on comp, obviously we have a lot of data points, we operate in all 50 states. But generally our medical severity trends are consistent with what we talked about in the first quarter and lower than the 5% that we assume in our pricing and reserving. I’d say they’re probably 50% lower at this point in time. Obviously, we’re well aware of what’s happening with broad based medical CPI, but we’re somewhat insulated from that. And we’ve talked about the reasons before, whether it be contracts on a state by state basis, our ability to challenge appropriate medical bills that are established to us. And remember, we – our biggest component of medical is usually physician visits and we’re not paying for a lot of hospital stays and really big medical procedures. So it’s behaving very well. But we do keep an eye out for it for any changes or adjustments we need to make.
Chris Swift: Well, you’re right to say that generally lost cost trends have had or our pricing has had a healthy margin above trends and that trend continues here into the second quarter. So we’re pleased with the margin. And I would say for us, again, given our book of business, which is geared towards small and middle market enterprises. Our lost cost trends have been fairly consistent. So I don’t see anything in aggregate, that is putting too much pressure on our trends at this point in time. So I would just say they’ve been consistent, Michael.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say, it was a net headwind. That’s what I said about that 50 basis points or half a point of higher than expected property, non-CAT property losses and then if you put the aviation war losses that we booked in there and that’s in the international vision, not small or middle. That’s the 50 basis points of pressure I would normalize out.
Chris Swift: Well, where do we begin? Again, if I look at how we thought about how the year was going to play out is totally different honestly. I think the level of inflation pressure, the stickiness of it particularly in physical damage is just overwhelmed many industry participants. So then the BI component, the severity ticked up a little bit for us. We had a little bit more uninsured motorist claims this quarter. So it is just really been a challenge. What I would say on the positive side though is we’re getting rate, teams pushing really hard for rate that we could just file and use or use and file in those states that we need to get pre-approval. We’re working the system as hard as we can. Both Beth and I talked about the rate increases that we got in this quarter, and we expect to have a written rate increase of 20% by the end of the year. And I suspect once we plan for 2024 will probably be in that range of written rate need in 2024 to get the book – back to target profitability. But when we put it all together, it’s overwhelmed our judgments and estimates, our judgments turned out to be too light. As we’re halfway through the year and if you look at really what we printed on a six month basis, we’re probably eight points above our guidance for the full year. And that’s probably a minimum of where the full year’s going to come out at this point in time. But again, the positive news I want to leave you with and the optimist side is we’re executing well on our rate plans. We’re really proactive with making the needed adjustments in a timely fashion. And that will continue into 2024 aggressively to get our book to target profitability probably in early 2025 now.
Chris Swift: Yes, with respect to sort of our prior views, I’m going to sort of hesitate to forecast too much just given how just dynamic things are at least. But what I would share with you two important points. We do expect in the fourth quarter written rate increases in the book about 20%. And again, an early view into 2024 from a written price side is probably in that general range and vicinity. We still see the stickiness in inflationary pressure on physical damage. And we’re still cautious on what the BILLION, particularly the BI trends will be and then now the uninsured motorist trends, given where rates are most likely. So it’s hard to predict. But as we sit here today, we think we need back to back years about 20 points of rate increases in 2023 and 2024 into the book to get us to a place to be in a position to have targeted profitability in early 2025.
Chris Swift: Yes. Yes, I do believe the compounding effect of rate increases will increase. That’s what our math shows particularly in the second half. So, yes, I think you’ve got that right. Plus then the mix change and then the underwriting initiatives, and then we’re still forecasting improved expense ratio in the second half of the year. So those are all the pieces, Elyse.
Chris Swift: So Meyer, you were breaking up a little bit on me. I heard a question regarding expense ratio and what’s driving the expense ratio improvement.
Chris Swift: And Greg last point, I do think the E&S market will continue to be a market that’s attractive from a risk return perspective and ultimately a pricing side. So, again, I see the E&S market remaining healthy over the next 18 months.
Chris Swift: Yes. I’m happy to just give you high level commentary. Obviously, we will plan appropriately over the next three year on time horizon. But I would say, the Hartford Next program actually helped fund a lot of the investments that we continue to make today. So Beth, I would say, it’s been a successful program. It’s nearing its end. We do have a continuous improvement mind set. So there will always be opportunities to reduce expense and create greater efficiency, while continuing to invest thoughtfully in the next-generation of technologies. Broadly defined, Greg, I mean, we run sort of a constrained model. Everyone needs to compete for capital with appropriate IRs on their projects over a multi-year period. And that’s generally how we do it. I think we’ve shared with you, we do expect a significant structural savings over a longer period of time, particularly as we take all our data and applications to the cloud. We’ll move about 100 apps to the cloud this year. Our Global Specialty business is completely in the cloud right now with all its business and data and apps. And that will generate meaningful savings. I would say probably Beth more 2025 and beyond because there is a little bit of an upfront invest. So yes, I’m really proud of the team and how thoughtful they are on creating the business strategies and then the linkage to technology to create that differentiation for us in the marketplace.
Chris Swift: Greg, or excuse me, Brian. I’m looking at a underlying combined ratio on a six-month basis of 88.4 compared to 88.2 last year. So I don’t know where your math is, but that’s 20 basis points.
Chris Swift: Sorry, I’m putting the two together because as we just talked about, we are focused on expenses. So to not give us credit for it Brian, I think is just not proper. So I’m putting the two together and yes, as I said in my opening comments, when I put the two together, I – we are going to have year-over-year improvement from 88.3 last year to somewhere below that on a full year basis. So that’s all I’ll say.
Chris Swift: Yes. Tracy, I’m appreciate the question. Obviously, we pick a loss trend that contemplates a lot of the stuff that you talked about. So I can’t break it down by product line for you. But just know that. When we pick trend, particularly by line of business, particularly within GL, it does contemplate a lot of the social aspects that you talked about litigation financing is always top of our mind in some of these areas. And then you look at particularly terms and conditions and things that we’re just not going to be exposed to. The classic example is what we’ve done with pollution over the years with asbestos how you exclude that on an absolute basis even the PFAS chemical these days. There’s exclusions in our policies for those types of exposures again going forward. So again, I think our team is thoughtful from a risk side in trying to manage those long tail either mass tort exposures that you, I think you’re referring to.
Chris Swift: I would say four or five years ago. It’s for those – Tracy, it’s for those industries where we think we have the exposure, there might be implicit exposure there. We started in the beginning part of 2022.
Chris Swift: What I would say in PFAS is obviously it’s nothing new. We’ve been monitoring the exposures for many, many years. All the known exposure we have and discussion with our clients is included in our evaluation quarterly for reserving, and we make adjustments as we deem necessary. And also part of our A&E cover that we’ve done with national indemnity, the pollution portion of PFAS, not the bodily injury portion, but the pollution portion is available to be seated to that cover.
Chris Swift: Yes. The honest answer is it’s – obviously it’s a calculation. Some of it could be influenced by our six-month policy trend versus 12 months. But I’ll have Susan follow-up with you on the details of the calculation.
Chris Swift: Well, Yaron, what I would say is, there’s a lot of good things that are happening across the platform. Two of our biggest lines are performing well and probably better than we expected workers’ comp and disability. If I look at our investment portfolio, as far as yield maybe slightly above where we planned. I think that’ll contribute. I think there will be a normalization of our non-CAT property losses that we talked about. We’re out of the aviation war business, so that tail should be less impactful. So I put those components to there. And even with the ongoing pressures which I admit are continuing longer than we thought in personal lines. Personal lines is still a relatively small business and its overall contribution to ROE will be muted by it’s just by its size. So we continue to buy in shares, that we find attractive from a valuation side. So those are the component pieces I would share with you Yaron.
