Richard Costello: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the Hartford's Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. Our earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. The slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website at thehartford.com. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Juan Andrade, President of Commercial Markets; Dave Levinson, President of Wealth Management; Greg Mcgreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on Slide 2, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our 2010 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the investor financial supplement for the second quarter of 2010, and in the press release we issued yesterday, both of which can be found on The Hartford's website at www.thehartford.com. Now, I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Richard Costello: Thank you Chris. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would ask the callers to limit themselves to two questions. This will allow us to get to as many callers as possible. Ginger, you may now open the call to questions.
Richard Costello: This is Rick Costello, with no more questions. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to seeing you on the third quarter conference call.
Christopher Swift: Darin, it's Chris. Thank you for the question. I think as I pointed out, from the end of the year, statutory surplus is level. We increased in the first quarter, decreased here, primarily driven out of equity market decline and the yen/dollar, yen/euro movement. As we sit here today, as you know, the markets were recovered slightly in July. And I would estimate that we recovered approximately 50% of that $700 million decline that you referenced.
Christopher Swift: Yes, on the statutory, Life earnings, I have numbers in front of me, Ed. Maybe if we could talk more in detail offline. But through the first half of the year, we actually lost about $500 million on a statutory basis and then projected to make up all of that and then some in the second half of the year, ultimately earning $700 million of statutory net income. And I would just add on Japan. We've looked at a lot of different activities over the last couple of months here. There's nothing out there that we feel is appropriate at this time.
Christopher Swift: Exactly, there's the [indiscernible] (59:13) impact coming through the second half of the year. Our outlook as you know, assumes that the equity markets still rise 7.2% in the second half of the year. So that's where we see the recovery.
Christopher Swift: Well, if you recall, we shocked the down market scenario, we shocked at 1/1/2010. So you had the immediate decline and then sort of the gradual recovery in market rates, plus the other spread-based businesses that would produce statutory income. So it's a day one impact and then sort of slow and steady going forward.
Christopher Swift: Sure, Tom. On your first question, I think you were looking really for the attribution of the $700 million. Simply stated, through a number of pluses and minuses on the liability side to hedge asset offset, I would attribute 60% of the $700 million decline to equity and 40% to FX, with interest rates really being offset by our hedge position on the hedge side. On lapses, as you know, we're in the middle of our review right now. I don't think we have a definitive view, if we're seeing a trend one way or the other at this point in time. So as we continue to close out the third quarter, we'll keep you posted as far as what we're seeing. But right now, we don't have any indications one way or the other.
Christopher Swift: What I've seen is it's fairly consistent. I can't quote you the exact numbers, but the trends and the data I see, it's fairly consistent from period to period.
Christopher Swift: No, we did not, and again they're trending as expected as had a little bit of obviously a bump with cat. We've been taking dividends out. So their statutory surplus is pretty much unchanged also from year-end. On the statutory, I'll call it actual earnings side, just looking at my notes here, we'd expect the second half of the year to make statutory net income of around $600 million.
Christopher Swift: Yes, Randy, I would just point out that I don't believe we decreased guidance. So if your premise is that we decreased guidance, I would say that's generally not true, except for Group Benefits. Everything else in our guidance remains unchanged. If you look at total Property and Casualty, loss ratios are still within the range that we published initially. We still see that during the outlook years through 2012. So we believe completely that the 11% is an achievable number based on the results that we're producing right now.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris Swift. If it disappears, I'll throw this out there. I just wanted to clarify your question, now that I could picture the chart that we put up there on April 1. On the right-hand side of the page was the VA impact of the down-market. So we isolated the impact of the down-market of $1.7 billion on the right-hand side of the page. The left-hand side of the page was again, stressed operating income for the two periods for Property-Casualty and Life, shown on a gross basis. So we didn't net the two numbers together. We showed them gross, and my comments still stand. I mean they will have normal operations that'll produce operating income outside of the VA decline effective 1/1/2010. Hope that helps.
Juan Andrade: Yes, John. This is Juan Andrade. Really, the driver of all of this is really increased incidents from long-term disability. And also to a lesser extent, lower claim terminations.
Juan Andrade: Yes, so this is basically baking in the trend that we started to pick up, I would say at the end of the first quarter, really into the second quarter of '09, of '10 rather.
Juan Andrade: We're already starting to bake that in. The other thing that we're putting in there is additional pricing in our long-term disability lines to make sure that we maintain our pricing for our target returns.
Juan Andrade: So I would say, as you know we have three-year guarantees on this book of business and so roughly 40%, 50% of the book would be impacted on an annual basis.
Juan Andrade: Great thanks, Mark. This is again Juan Andrade. I would say the revised guidance that we put out there on loss ratio for the Group Benefits business is between 73% and 76%. Part of the reason that we have confidence that the second half of the year will be better is historically, we do see lower claims incidents in the second part of the year, typically about one point on after-tax profit margin. So that does give us the confidence that we'll be able to be within that guidance range.
Juan Andrade: Great, Andrew. Thanks. This is Juan Andrade. First, on the LTD piece of it. As I mentioned, we are seeing increased incidence in LTD. And in order to ensure that we continue to price to our long-term partner returns, we are taking price. I would say in the low single digits at this point in time. But this is something that we monitor very carefully and we will react as we need to. I think with regard to asbestos, I think as you know, every second quarter, we do our ground-up review. We took asbestos up by about $169 million, and what we found this time was really an increase in severity and expense, driven by litigation in certain jurisdictions, cancer cases, et cetera. Very much in concert with what some of our competitors have also reported in recent asbestos studies. As to the number that we took up in this study, we do feel very comfortable with it. Obviously, we don't forecast what we think development is going to be. It's one of the reasons why we do such a thorough ground-up review of this. And we have consistently been really in the 61-percentile range, as we said, our asbestos reserves and we continue to be there. So we actually feel very good about the number that we've just put up.
Juan Andrade: So this is typically the range of reserves for asbestos and this number happens to be again, between the 50th and the 70th percentile of confidence. So it's typically where we have been historically with our asbestos reserves. So again, it goes back to the confidence that we feel about the consistency of our reserving methodology.
Juan Andrade: No, I think really, there isn't per se anything at least that is comparative. We look at these ground-up studies on a very detailed basis every time that we do them. And the number that we put up is really the number that we feel is the exact number that we need at that point in time.
