Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast will discuss our agreement announced this morning to acquire Aetna's U.S. Group Life and Disability business. In addition, we announced third quarter financial results this morning.  We thought that combining these 2 announcements would benefit investors by providing you all with the most comprehensive update on The Hartford, including the expected future financial and strategic benefits of the acquisition; our full third quarter financial results, including catastrophe results; revisions to our subsidiary dividend and capital management plans; and an update on other market, competitive and financial trends that are important considerations for your investment in The Hartford. Please note that there are 2 separate press releases, which we issued early this morning: one for the acquisition released jointly with Aetna; and one for financial results. In addition, there is one 8-K for the acquisition and one for earnings, including the investor financial supplement and our declaration of a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend rate. Please note that we will file our third quarter 10-Q on Thursday afternoon, consistent with our normal schedule. Finally, there are also 2 slide decks: one summarizing the acquisition; and one for financial results. We will not be using the slide decks for this webcast, but we may refer to them in Q&A in order to bring certain items or numbers to your attention. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will provide ample time for Q&A for both the acquisition and financial results.  Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement, which are also available on our website. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for at least 1 year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris. 
Sabra Purtill: Thanks. Emily, I believe we have one more question in the queue. But if there's anybody else who wants to ask a question, please queue into the call. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Emily, and thank you, all, for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow up with the investor relations team. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Douglas Elliott: Brian, this is Doug. There were some one-offs in the quarter that were important. So 2/3 of that change, roughly, in the quarter related to expense. We had a little bit of amortization, depreciation of IT and then, also, we did some true-up of our variable comp plans. And I would note that there was a little bit of a swing in the quarter because last year, during third quarter, the adjustments went the other way. So this year, when we bumped up the accruals, we had a bit of a swing, and I would look toward the year-to-date to get a more normalized view. Relative to the loss margin compression, just a bit across our market in comp and GL, but nothing that I'm concerned with, and I think it's more the normal that we've been talking to the last couple of quarters. 
Douglas Elliott: Kai, this is Doug. Let me address different parts of that question. I'll end up with property, which is on everybody's mind. Obviously, you know we've been working the auto pricing component hard these last several years, not just in Personal Lines, but also in Commercial. That work will continue, as evidenced by some of the disclosures we made in the supplement. Also, I've mentioned in prior calls that we have turned our attention up quite a bit in the general liability space. We've been concerned with a couple of trends inside particular sectors of our Middle Market and Small Commercial book, and have been addressing those with pricing the last couple of quarters. But there's no question the last 60 days of catastrophic events, flood, winds, wildfire, et cetera, make us go back and think about all of our property pricing. We've been working on our by-peril and geographic pricing elements the last 2 to 3 years, feel good about that progress. But obviously, the severity and the frequency of what we've seen in the last 60 days makes us go back and think even harder about property, and I expect our property prices will go up in the ensuing months. 
Douglas Elliott: Ryan, one other thing, this is Doug, that Chris and I and Mike have spent a lot of time talking about, we are strong in the national account space and actually across the board. There's an exhibit in the prepared PowerPoint slides that gives you a sense of their mix. We're excited. Yes, they have a strong national franchise, but they also have a very solid middle market franchise that when combined with ours, really enables us to be a different player in the Middle Market. So excited about their digital capabilities, excited about their absence management system and very excited that we're going to be leaning into the middle market in addition to all of our voluntary suite of products that we will bring to market and have been over the past couple of quarters. 
Douglas Elliott: Two good questions, Elyse. This is Doug. On the expense question, yes, we were about even for the quarter after a couple of quarters of outperforming 2016. In the fourth quarter, I expect it to swing the other way, so I think our expense numbers will be up a couple of points versus 2016. And that's -- as we lean into marketing, we'll be spending there. So that's the expense side. On the pricing side, I do think we are about at our high watermark for written pricing. So obviously, that written will earn its way in. But as we think about our curves, our filings, our needed rate, we are at a high watermark that will be tapering into 2018. 
Douglas Elliott: I guess, the only thing I would add is that as part of this relationship, we have entered a multiyear agreement with Aetna to work with their medical reps on selling business together, so they will have the ability to work with our folks. And this distribution agreement, multiyear, I think, is very exciting. They have done a nice job in the past at working together, both medical and their group business, and we look forward to seeing how we can win together going forward. So Chris, I'm excited. I think our reputation is well earned in the Group Benefits space amongst the top brokers. Yes, I think there's opportunity for us to be broader and deeper in the next 200 outside of that top 10, and I think this capability and group of talent executives coming over from Aetna allow us to jointly enter that space more aggressively. 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Jimmy, this is Doug. It is all seasonality. Our underlying fundamentals are very solid, and we feel very good about the progress we've made, very much in line with our expectations and what we shared with you last January. 
Douglas Elliott: Ian, I don't think so. I think we know them as a competitor. We've done our diligence. We expect coming together the fundamentals of how we compete in the marketplace to be consistent with our prior approach. And those goals that Chris outlined are absolutely doable, and we expect to achieve them. 
Douglas Elliott: I guess, I'll take that apart in a few different ways. Clearly, we've been working on the package area ex -- we'll come back to comp because I would separate liability, GL from workers' compensation. And we have been addressing our needs in the general liability area over the last couple of years, and you see that in the fact that we're pleased with our pricing performance in the quarter. But I do think there is potential for us to lean into both our liability and our property pricing a little harder over the coming months. And clearly, the events the last 60 days give us reason to go back and reassess our CAT loads and our tornado hail loads, et cetera, in our property book. Workers' compensation is a little bit different story. So we are managing our way through a bit more of a regulated climate in Commercial Lines. We really are very pleased about our current book performance and are trying to balance that book performance with pricing trends as we go forward. So Ian, I think we'll continue to manage comps separately, but yes, I see some upside in the pricing in our property and GL area. 
Christopher Swift: Kai, it's Chris. I'd recharacterize your statement a little bit. It's life and disability, in which we'd say disability is very similar to our P&C business. We see the linkage in alignment, particularly on adjudicating claims in comp and long-term disability, very similar. So I don't think we're trying to recreate a multi-line. We're focused on our 3 businesses, as we've said, since our restructuring, P&C Commercial, P&C Personal Lines, Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. So -- and we're going to continue to try to grow all 3. Our historic focus has been on organic growth, building capabilities, adding product lines. This is the first opportunity we had that made financial and strategic sense to acquire a business that we considered core all along. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. Josh, thank you. I would share with you, as we said in our prepared remarks, we're most pleased with our book of benefits and how it's performed on a year-to-date basis. And the margins have been healthy. We've always talked about 5.5% to 6% as sort of a normalized range. I don't see any update to that right now for our book. So when we combine it with Aetna, it will probably take a good 24 to 34 months to get to that 5.5% to 6% on a combined basis. But we're focused on integration, focused on the appropriate structure. But I have no reason not to believe that 5.5% to 6% on a combined basis should be the target for the entire portfolio. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'd say, first, from, I'll call it, the product set and the needs, we're very bullish on it, right. We continue to believe benefits, including our voluntary and additional A&H capabilities, will have a place in the marketplace. We see long-term, steady, stable economic conditions, employment, so I don't see any shocks on the horizon. So it's hard to say what happens from a consolidation side, and I would say that the industry is already fairly tight around the top 10, probably controlling 10% or 80% of the premium. So I don't see any per se radical consolidation. But our aim, obviously, with this transaction is to be one of the top industry players that will continue to improve our offerings, our skill sets, our digital capabilities and really build a best-in-class platform to serve the benefits marketplace. 
Christopher Swift: Ryan, obviously, we don't have Aetna's forecasted 2017 earnings for the division. I think what we are trying to do to help you is we tried to provide a core earnings number with and without amortization of intangibles in '18. And I tried to lead you to think that 3 years henceforth, on a run rate basis, we're about $150 million of after-tax earnings, ex intangible amortization. So those are the points I would triangulate for your model. 
Christopher Swift: Well, I think most of it. We think for the bottom line, I think one of the real features that we're, Doug and I and Mike Concannon, who's with us here, our business leader, is they really do have some good digital capabilities, particularly embedded in their claims system and their recovery management capabilities. So that is actually a big cost avoidance for us to spend upwards of $100-plus million to build a more modern claim platform for this business. So that's a great benefit, but it will probably take 12 to 18 months to fully integrate into our platforms. So otherwise, what I would say, it's a typical back-office consolidation of activities. I think our vision is to really create an integrated leadership team here because the Aetna men and women run a good business, have proven their capabilities in this space as a good competitor. So we want to leverage as much of that talent as possible within our organization going forward. 
Christopher Swift: It's probably not fair to comment on their trends. I mean, obviously, it's their trends. I could tell you, what we did from a diligence side is look at the block in totality. I think we were very comfortable with the pricing assumptions, the reserving assumptions. We'll have to harmonize into our environment as far as discount rates and the like. But I tried to say in my commentary, Josh, that I didn't see -- excuse me, Ryan, I didn't see the need to view this as a fixer-upper. I mean, I think the block is performing fairly well, and we'll integrate it, and as business comes up for renewal at a regained rate guarantee, compete effectively to retain that business going forward. That's probably the highest priority of the integration. And Doug and I talk about it with Mike and the leadership team, is we have to have a high retention of customers coming out of rate guarantees. 
Christopher Swift: Jay, I would say we're very complementary besides being a half a mile apart. I mean, their business profile and ours equally weighted life and disability, good national account presence, good middle market presence. I think our voluntary suite of products we've built out over the last 3 or 4 years and is really coming from a sales and revenue side. So I think the natural synergies -- as I said, their claim system and some of their digital capabilities, we think are best-in-class. And how we integrate it and use that insight, particularly as it relates to workers' comp and share the benefits across multiple product lines, I think it makes us the natural buyer. There are more synergies. And I know we've discussed this in the past, Jay, but disability and comp, there are more and more synergies all the time, whether it be from a distribution side, a claim outcomes side, a cross-sell opportunity side, it is really integrated these days. 
Christopher Swift: Yes, I generally agree. I mean, it was an opportunity. Obviously, it's a little bigger. It's benefits. So a lot of that commentary we talked about on this acquisition side related to P&C in that $500 million to $1 billion, which would still be a sweet spot. This one was in the benefits space and just a little bit bigger, but very -- again, very financially and strategically compelling. 
Christopher Swift: I don't want to fact-check your math, but I think generally, the $150 million ex amortization of intangibles would be a key. Yes, and I thought about it more from an '18 side, forward '18 earnings with a little, like, expense servings. We're probably paying 16, 17x forward earnings. So I wouldn't quibble with your math too much. 
Christopher Swift: Tom, I tried to describe it as, it will require a lot of hard work, no doubt about it, but I think we see it as relatively smooth and straightforward. And from the block's performance in totality, I think we're comfortable where they priced it and where results have been. That's not to say that we're not going to tweak things as we go forward, but you should not think in terms of a fundamental repricing initiative, sort of a fixer-upper in my colloquial language. So I think we feel very comfortable that they've been prudent over the years, but we'll have to integrate it and run it through our pricing models long term. 
Christopher Swift: Randy, just one final point. I mean, with 20 million combined customers, again, I really think the opportunity here is voluntary products, to be able to offer, again, through our distribution partners, a full product suite of voluntary capabilities and maybe additional A&H capabilities down the road that, again, I think will be attractive to our distribution partners going forward. 
Christopher Swift: Jimmy, it's Chris. I'd say -- I mean, you know our historical pattern. We'd like to obviously close this transaction, integrate it, get a good way through '18, see how we're performing, but the capital generation of the firm is still strong. So as we get into '19, there are possibilities of returning additional capital to shareholders, but that would be premature to really speculate and forecast right now, and we'll keep you posted as we go along. 
Christopher Swift: Just to be clear, I think we have all the capabilities we need to compete here for the long term: full product set; core disability; core life; voluntary; A&H, particularly business travel accident coming online. So I don't see the need to go out and think in terms of what's the next deal that we're going to do in this space, Jimmy. It's really about execution. It's about managing our distribution relationships and ultimately, taking care of the customers that we have today. So that's our focus. 
Christopher Swift: No, I wouldn't say that. I mean, remember, there's certain blocks of business that Aetna has in their legal entities that is not coming over, as we disclosed in our slide deck, principally, long-term care and dental and vision. So I don't -- they didn't offer us to sell us a legal entity, and I think it was structured vis-à-vis reinsurance to dispose of the business they wanted to sell us. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. It was their legal structure. And I would say the tax benefits, there's ways of replicating an asset sale, vis-à-vis tax code election. So I don't want to get into a detailed tax debate, but there were tax benefits that we enjoyed during -- in this transaction. 
Christopher Swift: What I would say is that we have a revenue model. I wouldn't say that it is, I'll call it, aggressive in terms of what we think we could do from a revenue growth side. I think it's somewhat, we think, what we can do with our business. And as Beth pointed out to, we've been a little cautious in forecasting just what is the lapse rate renewal and retention going forward. So we've probably been a little conservative there, John. So I wouldn't say that there is a lot of revenue synergies other than I do think we could increase our run rate sales in voluntary with this larger customer base. 
Christopher Swift: John, we've talked about this extensively. I mean, we are very sensitive to, I'll call it, the metrics of -- the short-term metrics of buying back shares. But in this particular one, we thought in terms of the long-term IRRs, which is more attractive than buying in shares today. Yes, I think we've been focused on a growth orientation that creates new revenue streams, whether we build them or acquire them. And we balance that, I think, pretty well here with a return on investment that will approach double digits. And that's what we wanted to focus on, is having the recurring revenue and earnings stream in our profile going forward than just the short-term benefits of share buybacks. 
Christopher Swift: Ian, you're really stretching us here. Again, all I would share with you right now is there are potential upsides, but I'd rather have you focus on what is ultimately realistic, and what we've talked about is realistic. And if there's upside, we'll talk about it. You'll see it coming through the top line in cross-sell opportunities, however you want to describe it. But let's just focus on what's realistic as opposed to anything that really pushes the bounds. 
Christopher Swift: Ryan, it's Chris. We've talked about this before. I think if -- through any additional sales of noncore assets, we would first look to always right size our debt and equity ratios as we would monetize a unit. I think from there, we've always talked about wanting to deploy capital into growth opportunities, whether it be organic or, obviously, M&A, like we did here today. And then finally, if there aren't, I'll call it, adequate uses for that capital, that earn a hurdle rate of above our cost of equity capital, we would consider returning excess capital over time to shareholders, but we demonstrated the priorities of using excess capital here in recurring revenue streams, and I would have that mindset going forward. 
Christopher Swift: No, it could be handled by HLA. HLA is the, again, the assuming companies, which is our entity devoted towards the Group Benefit business. If you recall, we restructured that years ago, and there's no additional legal entities required, Meyer. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. And actually included in our materials, we showed some of the balance sheet impacts relative to Group Benefits. But when you look at kind of all-in equity, and I'm looking at more on a GAAP basis, Group Benefits pro forma for this transaction will be about 17%. 
Beth Bombara: Sure, Jay. It's Beth. So a couple of things. It is early to provide an estimate where, obviously, our claims folks are working very closely and responding to our customers. What I would say is as we see here and look at it, we see the exposure could be at or above what we incurred for Harvey, which again, on a pretax basis, was $175 million. And we really see it primarily as a Personal Lines event with relatively small exposure on the Commercial side. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. Tom, it's Beth. So when we think about the RBC to support this business, we think about it long term in the 350% to 400% range. And so as I said in my prepared remarks, when we look out at the income we'll generate in '18 and don't anticipate dividends from Hartford Life and Accident in '18, we'll get back up into that range. We anticipate being at about 380%, and we feel very comfortable running that business at those levels. 
Beth Bombara: No, Randy, the only thing I was going to add is that, obviously, as we assessed this business and as we built our projections over the next couple of years, we did take into consideration that, sometimes, you can have a little bit of, for lack of a better word, shock lapse that can enter the book. So we've taken that into consideration in building our projections. But as Doug and Chris said, we do believe that we're in a good position to compete in this space going forward. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. This is Beth. So the $80 million to $100 million is reflective of the increase we see on the Group Benefits side. Again, from a timing perspective, yes, the net investment income in P&C and Talcott would be slightly impacted by the acceleration of the dividends that we're taking out, but really not a very meaningful amount. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. So that gets a little complicated. Again, when we think about the tax benefit, we really think about that from a cash flow perspective. How it will impact the P&L, again, since a lot of the tax benefit is coming from the purchase price and the intangibles that are going to be amortized into income, there's a piece of it that would come through the tax benefit associated with the amortization on the intangibles, and there's a portion of it that relates to goodwill, which obviously stays on the balance sheet. So the way I think about it is it really is more of a cash flow item that will impact the statutory capital of the subsidiaries, which ultimately, will provide capital to the holding company. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. So John, we've actually included that in some of the slide materials that are on our website. But as we said, we expect about $15 million after-tax to come in, in 2018. There'll be a little bit that will come through in 2017, and then the remainder we'll see in 2019. But if you go to Page 14 in our slide deck, we give you the run rate of those costs over the period. 
Beth Bombara: Right. So there's 2 pieces. The bulk of it relates to the fact that the amount that we're paying, the $1.45 billion, nearly all of that is tax-deductible over time. So we will amortize that, get a tax deduction. Typically, on average, it's around 15 years. And so that's what we did as we looked at that tax benefit impacting us over that period of time and what that value is on a present value basis. And that's probably about $260 million of the amount that we discussed. The other portion is the fact that with the increase in earnings that we will have coming from this acquisition, we will be able to utilize our current tax attributes, our NOLs and AMT credits, faster than we otherwise would have. And so, again, PV-ing out the cash flows associated with that is where we get the remainder of the benefit. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. I would. The way we think about it is the amount that we paid less the present value benefit that we'll get from these tax attributes over time. 
Beth Bombara: And, Ryan, the only thing I'll add to that, again, as we look at the capitalization of HLA, we're very comfortable with the level that it's at. And the fact that just through the normal course of the earnings generation that will be there next year, that will be within our RBC targets. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. Meyer, I'll take that. It's Beth. So -- and I think it's important to also point out the comment that Doug made on just the year-over-year compares. So when we look at our variable compensation plans, which are tied to what our underlying performance in our businesses are, if you look at 2016, obviously, our underlying performance was not where it needed to be, and we took down a lot of incentive accruals in the third and fourth quarter. When you look at our underlying performance for this year, we feel it has been very strong. And so we saw increases in that. So there's a little bit of a delta, and that last year we were taking things down. And this year, we were modestly increasing them. That shows up in the expense ratio. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. So we did that based on current tax rates. I would point out that, obviously, if tax rates go down, that benefit would go down, but the value of the business and the earnings on that business, being taxed at a lower rate would far exceed any decrease to that value. 
Beth Bombara: Well, based on the price that we're paying, the fact that it is deductible, over time, we will get a tax benefit associated with that. And we think that's an important consideration as you think about the total cash flows associated with acquiring this business today. 
Beth Bombara: That's true, and I think that would be an important consideration in looking at what you're -- what's being spent. But again, the fact that we are getting a tax benefit on what we're paying, when you think about the cash flows associated with the entire business, I still see it as a relevant point. 
