Christopher John Swift: Jay, I think Beth tried to describe what we see in the near term through '15 with our announced capital management plans and where we see the momentum of the go-forward business is. When you get in the '16, '17, we previously -- continue to believe we can expand ROE in those years as we continue to grow and manage capital accretively, but probably not at the rate of pace that we see through -- now through the end of '15. So we still believe we're in that 30 to 40, 50-basis-point continual improvement through those years at this point in time. But as you know, when you get further out, Jay, a lot of dynamics in the economics of the P&C cycle and the businesses, but we're still confident that we're going to be able to expand beyond where we see 2015 currently.
Christopher John Swift: Vincent, I think we're very aware of the third-party solutions that are out there and available in the marketplace. And with that said, where we are today is we haven't found anything that we think is economical for us at this point, and believe really managing these liabilities off ourselves is the optimum strategy. I think also you need to consider that these are really complex claim matters and again, we feel best suited with the expertise that we've built longer -- in a long period of time with John Kinney and his outstanding claims team. And it's really in our best interest to manage our own claims also during this period of time. So you put the economics, you put our claim handling and expertise available, and that's where our current thinking is.
Christopher John Swift: Vincent, I'll just give you a perspective and I know Doug will want to share his view. So I think you're specifically referring to Ray Sprague joining my leadership team as the head of Strategy and Business Development. And he's got a broad mandate, and the broad mandate is obviously to accelerate our growth and our capabilities and Doug and I, when we talk, and we talk in terms of product, we talk in terms of distribution, we talk in terms of geographic presence. So Ray's got a great track record in being very innovative, creative in the Small Commercial area. So Doug and I want to leverage that capabilities across a broader platform. Doug, what color would you...
Christopher John Swift: Erik, it's Chris. In my prepared remarks, we talked in terms of 5.5 on a sustainable basis. So I would temper your expectations a little bit on 7%.
Christopher John Swift: I would say again, with the statutory capital and the GAAP capital that we hold against that businesses, we think we could operate in the low double-digits and try to grow it from there.
Christopher John Swift: Randy, it's Chris. Beth's prepared to give you more insights. But just from my chair and observing this over a little bit of time, you're not going to like this, but there's really nothing new here. I mean, this is still a handful of our accounts. There's nothing new that's sort of bubbling up. When you have, I'll call it, sort of elevated frequency in our accounts and you extend that out over a longer period of time when our model predicts, you can have a relatively large movement in our loss reserves. But Beth will give you a little bit more of the details on what's going on. But the key point here is there's nothing new that we're managing or that we're getting exposed to. It's more of the same.
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, it's Doug. Couple of thoughts, you have our detail inside the supplementals. You know that our core accident year, essentially quarter-over-quarter was up 2 points. And that was due to non-CAT, both weather and fire. I would also describe that 2-point change as roughly above normal as well. So I think I would use a couple of points as the answer on both accounts.
Douglas G. Elliot: Maybe a few more ideas Vincent on top of Chris that I will share with you. In the second quarter, we did announce a new partnership with AARP in the Small Commercial space, so that will be a growing opportunity we look after and work at. Secondly, as we've commented previously, we have a number of initiatives in our Group Benefits space. We rolled out a critical illness product in the second quarter and still working on other products as we move through '14 and to '15. And lastly, and I know we've shared quite a bit of this with you, our journey to round out our Middle Market workers comp book continues. We feel very good about progress in the property and general liability area. But as noted now, new upside structure relative to reinsurance capacity and property, I think allows us to continue to expand. So a lot of work in the product development area across all these businesses.
Douglas G. Elliot: Erik, maybe few thoughts for you. First thing I would say is, as we look out 90-plus days. We don't see something dramatic occurring that will have a dramatic shift or impact on the trend line. So I could be wrong, but as I think out and I look at what we're trying to accomplish third quarter beyond, our behavior's going to be very consistent. That's our attempt. Secondly, I'll remind you and others that as we think about margin improvement, and we're constantly thinking about that, there are other levers that we're constantly working. So we're working underwriting, nonrenewal renewal strategies, we have a number of initiatives in our claims area. And so we're working on a number of areas, not just pricing against loss trend, and we feel good about what we've accomplished to date. I know that I've referenced our work in the auto area, it's not a line where we're pleased with the overall performance today. It is getting additional attention. I talked to you about our rate gains in the second quarter. Those gains will continue. That's our intent into quarters 3 and 4 and beyond. So a lot of work going on, and I'm bullish that what we've accomplished so far will be the beginning of a really good path forward.
Douglas G. Elliot: John, let me frame that. There aren't any variations that I think affect your model. And Chris, I can't think of anything relative to run rate that are either front loaded, back loaded, or has some seasonality to it. So John, I think what you've seen is a good indication of where we are, and I think you can move forward from there.
Douglas G. Elliot: So we share the underlying and the Middle Market overall combined ratio side. I'd point you there in our supplement. I would characterize the losses as primarily fire, a couple of larger losses in our property book and we also have one in our inland marine book. So somewhat outsized but not -- we don't take enormous retentions. Our retentions are normally under $10 million and so they did cause a little bit of blip in our Middle category.
Douglas G. Elliot: There's so much seasonality. I will give you a sense. Our core, as I think about second quarter, non-weather losses over the last 3 or 4 years were higher than the norm by a couple of points overall. So it's not -- certainly not 10 points in the book, right? It's 2 to 3 points. They're having quarters that have had that kind of activity. But relative to 2013, we're a little outsized.
Douglas G. Elliot: So this is 2 days in. No changes planned. We have a terrific franchise with AARP and obviously, you know that I've been deep in the agency space on the Commercial side for the last 25 years. So excited about what we will be doing there, what we're doing there currently today. Just a lot of work in front of me and looking forward with Ray to working with his team. So more to come as we talk forward.
Beth A. Bombara: Thank you, Chris. And I'll echo a lot of Chris's comments on that, as we sit here day and look at not only just the GAAP earnings generation that comes from the Talcott businesses, but with the elimination of Japan and the reduced volatility from our statutory results, we really do see ourselves on a path of being able to rely more consistently on taking dividends out of the life entities. And all of that obviously, over time, will play into the ROE equation. And it is a balancing act between increasing that ROE, maybe initially and long term, what we think the economics are of this business and provides us with greater, I think, capital flexibility for the long term. But at Chris said, we're always mindful that there are other opportunities to accelerate that, but that's kind of the equation that we go back and forth in our minds with.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, that includes our thoughts going into '15 of the margin expansion that we see in our businesses, as well as the full execution of the current capital management plan that we have.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, Chris, I would agree with that. And again as we said, if you think about the charge that we took, the $212 million pretax, think about roughly 2/3 of that coming from the experience that we're seeing with a small number and you said all the right words, peripheral insureds, where we're seeing an increase in meso claims. And we would have expected to see a decrease. And given the severity that comes with meso claims, and we extrapolate that out through our models, we get the increase that you saw -- that we recorded this quarter. The medical science continues to point to the fact that we should start to see a decrease in these claims. And depending on what activity affects our insureds and the type of coverage that we provided to those specific insureds that see these increases, this is the result that we see. But as Chris said, it's not really anything new. It's just how that activity is affecting our insureds and how it runs through our models where we extrapolate over many, many years.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, exactly. This is not like what we saw years and years ago, whereas people who were claiming that they were affected but they had no manifestation of an actual disease.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, sure, this is Beth, I'll take that. So again, there's 2 programs. There is, we refer to as the ISV, which is focused on a fixed annuity block, and it's about 4 billion to 5 billion of account value that we are making this offer to. And our expectations on that is that we would see about a 15% take rate. On the ESV program, it's similar to the program that we did last year with some modifications. And again, it is targeted at our variable annuity book and a specific tranche of about $6 billion of account value. And we're assuming there that we'll probably see about a 15% take rate as well. That's down from what we saw with our first program. But we think given the fact that this program -- the offers are a little bit less than before, and we've also been out to this group of policyholders with our first offer so we expect the rate to be a little bit less. And when we put the combination of both programs together and at those take rates, we'd expect to see about $150 million-ish of capital benefit when we look at sort of our stress scenario capital.
Beth A. Bombara: That would be the most significant item. The only other item that we did, and it's really a timing item more than anything else, is we did accelerate some of the dividends that we'd normally take out of the P&C legal entities. So if you read our Q, you'll see that in there. And that was about $500 million or so. And that really was just an acceleration of what we normally would have done over the third, fourth and first quarter on the remaining of this year and into next year. It's not an indication that overall, we plan to be taking more of the P&C company going forward.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, and I think Chris, that summarizes it very well. Again, when you look at the plan that we have announced, a significant amount of both equity repurchases and debt repayments that we'll be dealing for the remainder of '14 and going into '15. And I think we've demonstrated that as we look at our overall capital position and look to manage our Talcott entities at appropriate levels, that to the extent that we were to make any changes of that in the future, we obviously would share that with you. But I would not be expecting some sort of big change coming in the short term as it relates to our capital management plan. But I think more importantly, if I just could add, what we really are focused on is looking at what the statutory capital generation is in the Talcott entities and getting ourselves in a place where we can rely on a predictable stream of cash flows coming out of those entities over time.
Beth A. Bombara: So our current plan does anticipate, kind of consistent with where we've talked about before, $250 million, $300 million of dividend, so that is contemplated in the current plan and to some extent, a portion of that was contemplated in the previous plans.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, so a couple of things. So first of all, with the plan that we had announced earlier this year, as you may recall, we had indicated that we were targeting 2 of the maturities that we have in 2015, which is about $456 million. And so those will come to the normal course. The $500 million that we've allocated for debt repayment for the remainder of this year, we don't have another maturity that would happen in the third or fourth quarter of '14. So we will be looking at either calling a tranche of debt or a tender. But that would be an acceleration. We don't have a maturity that lines up with that.
