Chris Swift: Thank you, Beth. Let’s now pivot forward. Strong fourth quarter results capped a year of outstanding financial performance, positioning us to sustain these results in 2024. In Commercial Lines with our diversified and expanding product portfolio and innovative mindset, we are primed to continue to build market share at highly attractive margins. We expect total renewal written price increases in Commercial Lines, excluding workers’ compensation to be consistent with 2023. Workers’ compensation and renewal written pricing, which is composed of net rate and average wage growth is projected to be flat to slightly negative. We expect underlying margins to be consistent with 2023, reflecting our steadfast commitment to disciplined underwriting while sustaining industry-leading results. While we anticipate slight headwinds in workers’ compensation, earned pricing is projected to remain on top of loss costs trends across the remainder of the Commercial Lines book. Turning to Personal Lines. We expect annual renewal written pricing in both auto and home to be consistent with the fourth quarter results. In auto, as a result of the significant written pricing actions that will earn into the book combined with moderating severity trends, we expect meaningful underlying loss ratio improvement of five to six points during 2024. Earned pricing in home is expected to remain above loss costs trends. As we navigate this inflationary period across Personal Lines, we are focused on balancing rate adequacy, quality of new business and marketing productivity. Overall, I am confident we have the right execution plan to return this business to targeted profitability in 2025. In Group Benefits, we expect the 2024 core earnings margin to be between 6% and 7%, consistent with our long-term outlook for this business. In closing, let me summarize why I’m so bullish about the future. First, 2023 financial results demonstrated the effectiveness of our strategy and the ongoing investments in our business. In particular, underlying margins in Commercial Lines were excellent with meaningful top line growth, and we produced record core earnings in Group Benefits with strong premium growth. Second, Personal Lines results have stabilized. We are achieving necessary rate increases and expect 2024 margins to improve towards our targeted profitability. Third, we expect our book of diversified, but complementary businesses will continue to sustain superior results. With our outstanding underwriting and pricing execution, exceptional talent and innovative customer-centric technology, we will continue to outperform. Fourth, investment income remains strong, supported by rising yields and a diversified and durable portfolio of assets. And finally, in the last three years, we have returned $6.2 billion of capital through repurchases and dividends, and we will continue to proactively manage our excess capital to be accretive for shareholders. All these factors contribute to my excitement and confidence about the future of The Hartford. Quarter-after-quarter, we are delivering industry-leading financial performance with a sustainable core earnings ROE anchored at 15% while creating value for all our stakeholders. Let me now turn the call back over to Susan for Q&A.
Chris Swift: Yes. Clearly, the rate that we achieved this year is contributing. And as I said, we’re anticipating 20 points of rate also next year, which is very important, because that then sets up getting back to our targeted margins in 2025.
Chris Swift: Thank you for the question. I’m happy to provide any clarity. I thought anchored was actually a pretty good word, because it really means sort of floor, in my mind. And Greg, we had a 14% to 15% ROE range as guidance last year. We’re giving qualitative guidance this year as opposed to sort of the table. So, we really wanted to send a strong message that we’re shifting and it’s shifting higher. And the construct we came up with was let’s just anchor 15% as far as the floor for everyone’s expectations. We always, when we put out guidance, have a high probability of meeting that. And we play for upside. And you saw the way we ended 2023. And I’d say I think we’re off to a good start this year, and I think there will be upside in that floor number that we provide. But that was the mindset behind that.
Chris Swift: Greg, one last point. Remember, that 6% to 7% we've commented upon before turns into a 14% to 15% tangible ROE. So again, it's another rising – reason why we like this business so much. Margins are generally steady predictable and our ROEs are very contributory to us, particularly on a tangible basis.
Chris Swift: Yes. I'll let Beth add her color, but I think you're splitting hairs. So our opcos are well capitalized. You see what we have left in authorization through the end of 2024. Our intention is to complete that on a timely basis. But Beth, I don't want to take any more of your thunder.
Chris Swift: Brian, I know what you're trying to triangulate to. So all I'd say qualitatively on any top line point because we're not going to give a precise number in aggregate or by line of business is, I think the macro sets up well. I think the economy is performing well. You saw the jobs report this morning, and unemployment remains low. You could see the Fed as being a little cautious on how quickly it cuts rates, which actually we support. So I think the macro sets up well. All I would tell you is that what we saw in January, early indications are much of the same coming out of 2023 and sort of that double-digit range in commercial. So one-month does not make a trend. But I think the environment will be fairly conducive to continuing going forward. So we perform very well when the economy is performing well, and I think that's the general view I have heading into 2024.
Chris Swift: Yes. Again, Elyse, what I tried to describe is that the setup is similar, right? So if there's pressure in comp, it needs to be offset by other components, non-comp in our product lines. You've seen what we've done with accelerating pricing, particularly in the fourth quarter. That mindset continues into 2024. So when I say hold or expand, that's what I mean. And look, I can't predict with great precision the top line, but I think there'll be some slight expense leverage. That will also contribute overall. So that's what I would say.
Chris Swift: So ADC utilization, all I would say is it really depends, obviously, right I mean on the obviously on the navigators acquisition. It was part of the purchase price and funding there and dealing with it. So that's different. The A&E deal that we did with NICO was just slightly different as far as long term. So if we would do anything again in the future, it would have to be economic for us first off, and a lot of those deals that we did prior were just in a lower interest rate environment, just a different part of our development as an organization. And our performance, so the guiding principle that Beth and I talk about all the time is just what makes sense from an economic side, because they're not cheap and they're actually expensive. So you give up things to do it, to have that economic cover. So I would just say, Josh, it depends, and we're going to always try to think in terms of what is the best economics for the shareholders and pursue then the right strategy from there.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think you got it right. Totally. Six, seven, eight years ago, we were just in a different place. And I just think we're in a better place. We have prudence on the balance sheet. That feels good. And so, yes you're right. Totally different place.
Chris Swift: Well, we never give up. We keep on pushing ourselves to reset the bar higher, perform better. We have a growth orientation now that I think we've earned the right to think differently and creatively about the marketplace and activities we could pursue that are profitable and accretive to our shareholders. Josh. So I would never, ever bet against us.
Chris Swift: David, I would say, yes we're pleased with what we accomplished this year, but it's not the end of the mission or it's really just sort of the beginning. So growing that book about 20% to $2.5 billion, I'm looking at my pricing sheet, with overall pricing up on the full portfolio, about 16%. Our non-CAT property weather was essentially on plan for the year between our various business units. So feel really good about the underwriting, the tools. Obviously, our reinsurance programs that Beth talked about, we made adjustments to. So we have all the components. Obviously, it's still a constructive marketplace to really build that national diversified book of business that we want to have. So just because you asked, and I like you, I'm going to tell you that I think we could produce about $3 billion of premium next year.
Chris Swift: Well, the exposure piece I can give you right now that I have in my mind is related to pricing, right? So if you look at our pricing expanding to 8.5% this quarter, about 2.5 points of it is exposure-related. So if you go back and look at – it's been generally consistent, sort of, I would say, one-third, two-third. So that's what I have there. But I'll look to Mo and Stephanie to see if they want to add any color on exposure and Personal Lines or Middle Market.
Beth Costello: Thanks, Chris. I think you covered on the pieces very well. If we look at the full year expense ratio for Commercial Lines ending at 31%, I think that’s a really great result. And as Chris said, we are going to continue to look for efficiencies. But we’re also very mindful of making sure that we’re putting in place the appropriate investments that allow us to continue to deliver the outstanding results that you see in our Commercial Lines franchise.
Beth Costello: Yes. No, I think you said it well, Chris. I mean we – I talked about our expectations for dividends from the operating companies in 2024, which is up slightly from 2023. In the past, I've talked about that we typically target about 70% to 80% of the earnings to dividend out of the subs, and that provides us with enough room to fund the growth that we're expecting, so really no change in how we're managing the balance sheet and balancing those items.
Beth Costello: Well, Elyse, I'll start with. I mean, we're executing on the share repurchase authorization that we have in place. And that is what we're executing to and as I said, we expect $350 million in the first quarter, and we'll continue to execute on that. As we think about dividends in total for 2024 operating company dividends versus 2023, they're up about $100 million in total. So that all obviously goes into how we think about the balance sheet strength going forward, but not making any changes on our current share repurchase plans.
Beth Costello: Yes. I'll take that, Alex. No, I mean, again, we're looking at it on a statutory basis. And obviously, dividends out of Group Benefits have been lower over the last couple of years given those results. So as we looked at what the dividend capacity was there for 2024, we felt it was appropriate to increase those dividends.
Beth Costello: Yes. I mean, again, I think we've mentioned PFAS on environmental the last couple of years. And overall, we looked at what the increase was for environmental, not overly significant or a big change from where we've been. So I wouldn't point to anything unusual there. It's just as we went through our study this year and just looked at all components, saw some increases in some of the remediation costs. And as is our practice, I'm not going to talk about specific accounts and where that came from.
Mo Tooker: Yes. Mike, we're watching these trends closely, and we think the performance has been good. But that being said we continue to work hard on rate. Chris referenced wholesale casualty accelerated throughout the year. So we're trying to make sure we're keeping rate on top of or at least not ahead – if we can, ahead of trend. The same thing happened in our Middle Market GL book, rate accelerated throughout the course of the year. So we're working hard on rate. At the same time, we've talked to you about it a couple of times now. We're making sure that the underlying exposure we continue to adjust. So for the past three, four years we've been working hard in the jurisdictions we're in, our customers are in. We're working hard on the limits we're deploying. So there's some long-term strategies playing out here that give us some confidence in our ability to navigate, which is a difficult environment.
Mo Tooker: No. Brian, I'd just say there is an underwriting element here that, so when we made the changes and when we had the Navigators book come in, we shifted some of the underwriting in response to some of these trends. And that would have been two, three, four years ago. So we feel good about the go-forward book as well.
Mo Tooker: Yes. Many of the same messages. I think the exposure growth we are seeing, and again, across comp, property is holding in well and even into January is holding well. So I think we just – we and think the economy is very supportive there. So David, I don't have much more to add to Stephanie's summary there.
