Liam E. McGee: Thank you, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The Hartford delivered very good third quarter results, with core earnings up 17% to $505 million or $1.03 per diluted share. This performance reflects the significant progress we've made transforming The Hartford. This quarter, we saw strong execution in our go-forward businesses and an acceleration of Talcott Resolution's runoff, further reducing the overall risk profile of the company. With this performance year-to-date, we expect full year 2013 results to exceed the outlook provided during our April Investor Day. In P&C Commercial, Doug and his team are executing on their strategies to improve margins. Written premiums rose 1% overall, with growth of 2% in both Small Commercial and Middle Market. Strong pricing gains of 8% in Standard Commercial lines were consistent with the prior 4 quarters and included increases of 9% in both Middle Market worker's compensation and property. For the quarter, the combined ratio was 93.3, excluding CATs and prior year development, 4.2 points better than the prior year. Profitability in workers' compensation has improved dramatically over the past 2 years, as you can see in our Middle Market results. I am encouraged by our continued success in the Middle Market in broadening product reach across workers' compensation, property and general liability, which is providing new growth opportunities for us. Recent feedback from key distribution partners at the CIAB Annual Meeting confirmed our forward momentum in the P&C Commercial marketplace. We have meaningfully improved profitability in Group Benefits, with core earnings margin rising to 3.9% this quarter, driven primarily by improved disability loss ratios and pricing actions. I am confident in the favorable underlying profit trends of the business and pleased to see 2 consecutive quarters of new sales growth. Consumer Markets also had a successful quarter, expanding underlying margins and growing written premium by 3% over the prior year. The combined ratio, excluding CATs and prior year development, improved to 91.1, more than 2 points better than the prior year period. Andy and his team have repriced this book of business and our position to balance growth and margin expansion going forward. I'm also pleased that, in September, we extended the AARP partnership by 3 years to January of 2023. Mutual Funds is trending in a positive direction, with solid fund performance and sales growth of 35% for the quarter. In Talcott Resolution, Beth and her team continue to reduce the size and the risk of the legacy annuity blocks. The Japan VA block is in a fundamentally different place today than a year ago. Over the past year, 18% of Japan VA contracts have surrendered. In the third quarter, the annualized surrender rate remained elevated at 31%. This is a permanent and meaningful reduction in the risk of that block. In the U.S., the full VA surrender rate increased, again in the third quarter to 20%, driven by rising markets and policyholder initiatives like the Enhanced Surrender Value program. Over the past year, 14% of U.S. VA policies have surrendered. We continue to evaluate potential transactions that can permanently transfer these exposures and accelerate a release of capital. There is a growing interest in the marketplace for runoff blocks of annuity liabilities. We would pursue those transactions that are attractive in terms of sales price and the capital that would be released compared to the underlying economic value of the business. We are executing our capital management plan, with $241 million of equity securities repurchased in the third quarter and $408 million through the third quarter since announcing the program in February. As additional capital becomes available over time, we will take accretive capital management actions to create value for shareholders. The Hartford has undergone a significant transformation. The company is more focused with a reduced overall risk profile. The go-forward business' performance is improving, and we are well positioned to generate higher returns for shareholders. We are on track to have a successful 2013 with momentum carrying over into 2014. I am very thankful for the hard work and dedication of all my Hartford teammates. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Doug, who will review Commercial Markets results.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Tom, this is Liam. Our strategy on Talcott remains unchanged. That's to reduce the size and risk of the VA book. And as you heard in both my remarks and Chris' remarks, Beth and her team have been proactive against that strategy as evidenced by the increased lapse rates, the significant reduction in the policy count in the last 12 months, whether that's through the Enhanced Surrender Value or policyholder education. We've also -- we're also consistent in saying that potential transactions that can permanently transfer these exposures and accelerate a release of capital are things that we'll continue to evaluate, and we would pursue those transactions that are attractive in terms of sales price and the capital that would be released compared to the underlying economic value of the business. I'm not going to speculate on any theoretical transactions, Tom, so I think that's going to be the extent of my remarks on that topic.
Liam E. McGee: Again, I'm not going to speculate on how the market might value it. What I'd say is that obviously we have a lot of flexibility because of some of the things you noted and that Chris and I have mentioned as well, and we'll look at all options, including continue the great proactive work that Beth and her team have done this far and including evaluating potential transactions. But we would also pursue those that are attractive in terms of sales price and the capital that would be released as compared to the underlying economic value of the book.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Chris will, I'm sure, want to give more detail. I'd reiterate what he and I have said is that we are confident that Talcott is positioned to return capital to the holding company in late 2014 or early 2015. I'd remind you, Erik, that there's a lot of work in process, whether it's closing the U.K. sale, or the completion of the Group Benefits realignment, et cetera. So there is still some work afoot. And with that, Chris, if you want to add any more perspectives to Erik's question.
Liam E. McGee: Chris, I think you can understand, for a variety of reasons, it's not appropriate for me to talk about it. Such transactions or conversations involve The Hartford characterizing counterparties, describing motivations, I just don't think would be appropriate.
Liam E. McGee: And Mark, the other point I'd make is that, as you know, because of the waiting periods, the retention components of these programs, the back half of the year is important for us to stay on top. We're just beginning to take a peek at the '13 year, given how these contracts are set up.
Douglas G. Elliot: Sure, Jay. This is Doug. Let me talk about workers' comp to start with. We are seeing very positive signs in our comp book over the last couple of years, particularly around frequency. And obviously, we spend time looking at it across our markets but certainly, in our Small Commercial and Middle Market businesses, our frequencies in the last 4 to 6 quarters have been flat to down, so I think consistent with some of the signals you're seeing in the marketplace. But we think both our underwriting actions and some of things we've done in the last couple of years have clearly driven our change. So good news on the frequency front in workers' comp. In terms of the automobile, transportation programs, we do have our arms around it. This is more an exit strategy than it is a fixed strategy. At the moment, I'll share with you, by 1/1/14, we'll be out of the 5 programs that have caused really much of our financial adverse positioning here. There is clearly a BI severity dynamic in the marketplace, not just in the Programs area but across commercial auto in general, and we're underwriting and pricing our way through that. The tail, when I think about commercial auto, clearly, it's not a workers' comp tail but it's also not a property tail. So I think of it in that 3- to 4-year period of time, and we're aggressively looking at '09, '10, '11 and '12 as we speak. So I feel like we took actions to deal with the increased severity over that period of time, and this book will run out over the period of the next 12 months.
Douglas G. Elliot: Brian, very difficult to articulate. I do believe that in our positive trends, more than rate is coming through. We have an have aggressive analytics program where we quintile our book of business and we look at retentions and price changes across classes, industries and geographies. And so probably, much of the change is rate driven. But I think an appreciable component of our 3-plus-points of improvement year-over-year is driven by, what I would say, underwriting quality of change in the book.
Douglas G. Elliot: Yes, certainly, in the properties side. I mean, we've strengthened our ability to underwriting our product in the marketplace relative to Property over the last 3 years. And so deductible changes, policy form, et cetera, all contribute on the Property side. I was kind of giving you more of global across all lines of view of just increased attention to our risk product in the marketplace. And I think the analytics behind some of our choices have clearly driven some of that positive change in our loss ratio.
Douglas G. Elliot: The total value of all 5 of those transportation programs that we're exiting is approximately $50 million annually, so think of that out -- and several of those decisions have been made over the prior quarter. So the last program to cease writing, new and renewal, 1/1/14.
Douglas G. Elliot: Mark, this is Doug. I would say that sequentially, the incidence trends in the third quarter compare very consistent with second quarter, right? So we're finally seeing some improvement relative to those patterns. And third quarter sat right on top of second quarter.
Christopher John Swift: I think, directionally, I can comment upon that, Brian. We'll periodically update numbers when appropriate. But generally, I would say, for Japan, it's less negative. And for the U.S., it's greater, greater positive. So I mean, that's where we stand here right now at the third quarter, and we are contemplating updating that at least once a year. And give us a little time, and we'll put it out there at the appropriate time.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, we'll cover a little bit more of our outlook of earnings and capital in February. But I would say that I think, generally, you have to keep in mind, I'll call it, we always talk about it, Beth and I, units of risks, right? We're still managing units of risk, and we run our stress scenarios that we are always going to manage to. So lapses, by definition, will always have a lag factor compared to units of risk in a stress scenario. And we'll describe that the best way we can in February.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, John, it's Chris. I think you got to think in terms of just going to the fourth quarter that the third quarter had, I'll call it, a couple of one-timers in it, particularly for, I'll call it, investment income partnerships. But generally, as lapses occur, we're going to have less fee income. We are projecting just less net investment income in total in Talcott from regular spread products and then any other income. And we did have a couple of one-time benefits for taxes and other, I'll call it, miscellaneous income benefits that just aren't expected to recur. So I really do believe the one -- the range that we gave, which, at the midpoint, $170 million, $175 million is really what you need to think in terms of just a basic core run rate going forward and really adjust for lapses from that rate.
Christopher John Swift: Thanks for asking the question. I think we feel very good about all our expense initiatives here related to stranded costs related to our sales that we completed earlier this year. So we're right on track. They are beginning to earn in. And I think in February, when we get together and talk more about our run rate for '14 and even a little bit '15, I think will give you a better sense of the additional expense initiatives that we're planning above and beyond just getting the stranded corporate costs out from a deal perspective. But there is new rounds of initiatives that we're planning that, really, will take us forward for the next 3 years, with goals to become a more efficient organization.
Christopher John Swift: I'll give you 2 data points just for clarity. You are right. It's a little light of $700 million on a U.S. dollar basis. It has been trending down just a little bit as the book runs off. So you're right. And then, the way we think about capital that supports the Japan, I'll call it block of business, 2 pieces, right? The $1.2 billion of capital in the legal entity that we disclosed. And then there's still, going back to what we disclosed in our Investor Day for Talcott, about $600 million of U.S. statutory capital that's backing -- that reinsurance business into the U.S. So those are the couple key metrics that I'll just share with you, John.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I would say it would be -- the U.S. capital would be slightly higher in the range of $2.4 billion. Again, in total, in aggregate, supporting all the, call it Japanese risks, no matter if they're in the island of Japan or if they're in the U.S. But in aggregate, I would say approximately $2.4 billion of GAAP capital.
Christopher John Swift: I don't have that right in front of me, Jay. So I guess I'd want to be more thoughtful. But, again, I think if you go back to Investor Day, I think if you look at some of our disclosures, adjust for Group Benefits, now adjust for Japan, you're really left then with, I'll call it, runoff Talcott. But I'd rather be more thoughtful and just give you that number when we talk about our earnings and guidance for 2014.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. And I think I know where you're going, so of the U.S. statutory capital, how we think about it is x Japan, x, I'll call it, U.K. operation, HLL, and x recapitalization of Group Benefits, what Talcott will be left with is about $4.5 billion of statutory surplus. So when we get through the Group Benefits separation, when we sell and close on HLL in the fourth quarter, which is still on track, and you exclude sort of the Japan statutory capital that's allocated in the U.S. to it, you're left with $4.5 billion backing, I'll call it, the U.S. runoff liabilities, which are, again, are variable annuities and fixed payout annuities.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, Chris. We feel very good about it. We've gotten, I'll call it, the legal entity approved in New York. And we got to get some product filings approved. We got to finish couple a little operational activities with admin systems. But I would say mid- to late-first quarter, we'll have that all done.
Christopher John Swift: I would say, generally, right on schedule. Maybe a smidge sooner, Mark. But generally right on plan. I mean, if you think about it, I really consider it breakeven right now. So we broke even. We'll then have 2 additional quarters of, I'll call it, activity to take to the FSA. We'll look then at the next forward activity. So you really could see and get a sense that we're already looking 6 quarters ahead for what that balance sheet looks like and then how much capital we could take out.
Christopher John Swift: Hey, Mark, just to tell you another point. Just -- as Doug and I look at that business, I mean, just to remind you, I mean, fourth quarter is our seasonally highest and best quarter in Group Benefits. So again, there'll be, I'll call it, seasonality and incident in termination improvements that will ultimately come through when we report fourth quarter earnings.
