Beth Bombara: So I'll start, and then I'll let Mo provide some color and just add on to what Chris indicated. But as you noted, Andrew, in the general liability reserves, the prior year development that we recorded this quarter was related to the 2016 to 2019 years since some large loss activity. And as Chris said, we do evaluate these reserves quarter-to-quarter and when we see activity, we do react to it. As it relates to the more current years, those tend to trend very well. As you know, these are long-tail liabilities. So even if in the short term, they're looking strong. We don't react to that because, as I said, these are long tailed in nature. But overall, we've not seen things in the more recent years that would cause us to change our picks at this point.   And when I look at a variety of measures, and I know you do as well, IBNR levels, paid activity, I think our more recent accident years stand out as being strong. But it's also really important to understand, as Chris was indicating, actions that we've taken over this period to improve the overall book, which even adds to how we feel about our overall reserves in the more current years. But maybe, Mo, I'll turn it to you to talk about some of the things that you and your team have been doing over the last several years in this area. 
Beth Bombara: Yes. Just a couple of things. Also, I'd point out that we did see some favorable development on the '23 accident year primarily coming out of the fourth quarter for auto physical damage. So we see that as an important proof point, too. I just want to clarify on Chris' comment on the book loss trend, mid-teens. So that is mid double-digit, but just to be clear, mid-teens, and we do expect that to decline over the period. But as Chris said, we're being cautious and looking at it very carefully and feel very good to be on track to get to the improvement that we laid out at the beginning of the year. 
Beth Bombara: The only other thing I would add to that is when you look at the Small Commercial side, ex comp, definitely saw rate increase there coming from the Spectrum product. So again, obviously, workers' comp is a large portion of Small Commercial. But if you ex that out, that contributed to the ex comp growth as well. 
Beth Bombara: Yes, I would agree with that. As we go through '24, you might see a slight uptick in Q2 because as we said, we are turning on marketing. And again, as the rate continues to earn into the book, that will start to level off. But our overall expectation right now for Personal Lines expense ratio, as Chris said, full year this year to full year last year will be relatively flat. 
Beth Bombara: So if you're looking at just quarter 1 to where we ended last year, I'll just remind you that in first quarter, we tend to see a higher expense ratio just because of some expense items that hit more heavily in Q1. When I think about Commercial Lines sort of full year this year for '24 compared to '23 expecting it to be relatively flat as we go through the year. Again, any 1 quarter, you can have some movements relative to bad debt reserve adjustments and things like that. But overall, we see it relatively consistent. 
Beth Bombara: Sure. I'll take that. We actually have very detailed disclosures in our 10-Q and our IFS on that. So for workers' compensation, releases were about $67 million, and then we always have the workers discount accretion that comes in for 12 that goes offset against that. And then general liability was 17, and marine was 7, and assumed reinsurance was 9. But you could go to Page 38 in our 10-Q, and it lays it all out for you. 
Adin Tooker: Yes, Andrew, maybe three themes just to build on Beth's point about actions we've taken over that time period. So first is, obviously, we've put significant rate in each of those years since 2019 in each of the three books, and that is well in excess of some healthy trend.   Second theme I would put out there is just remember the SME nature of our book, I mean, we just have a lower underlying, for example, auto exposure. Just to give you 1 stat, 79% of our middle-market umbrella book attaches for clients with less than 10 vehicles. So it gives you a sense of the size of fleets, which is where a lot of the pressure is coming from is just auto. We don't have a transportation book of any real note. We don't really -- we've never deployed limits of greater than $25 million gross, and we have important reinsurance involved there.  And then the third, Andrew, I just -- I think we've taken significant underwriting actions as both Chris and Beth referred to, since 2019, and that's industry related, it's related to litigation hotspots. We've managed limits. Just as one example in our global specialty book, we got out of all primary GL high-hazard in 2017. We just didn't think we could make money. And we haven't gone back in just because we still don't think that marketplace is there. And so I just -- Andrew, I hope that gives you a sense of the book, and we continue to invest in tools that are allowing our underwriters to make choices based on litigation hotspots, based on industry, based on underlying auto. So we just -- we've worked really hard at this, and I think that contributes to some of the lack of news that you're seeing here. 
Adin Tooker: Yes, Elyse, I would say it's competitive but generally supportive because we talked about properties moderating a little bit outside of our BOP, and the BOP is still accelerating just in terms of what we're able to get there in terms of rate. The excess in umbrella is accelerating again, and auto is accelerating again. So broadly, I just -- I think we feel like the market is being fairly disciplined, fairly disciplined, and supportive of what we're trying to get done for the year. 
Adin Tooker: Yes, Greg, I would just say that there are a couple of cat metrics that the team were really focused on. And for example, a, also annual aggregate loss to premium ratios trying to keep those flat. So as premium goes up, obviously, we would like the AAL to stay relatively flat.  And the same thing as we think about tail, we don't want to put on the risk without thinking about the tail risk. So we are closely looking at tail multiples like, for example, 100-year PMLs over premium. So those are the types of ratios that we're watching. So yes, the exposure itself is growing certainly from a cat perspective, but we're trying to keep it in balance as to the same rate as premium growth. 
Adin Tooker: Brian, I would say we're excited about the flow in both of the channels that Chris talks about, both in that binding, which is the Small Commercial and the flow into our brokerage that continues to grow nicely. We saw -- we continue to see the growth, as Chris called out in his prepared remarks on the binding side. And we're seeing really good growth in the brokerage side, which sits in our Global Specialty business in both primary casualty, excess casualty, that rate environment continues to accelerate, as I talked about earlier.  We're undersized in property brokerage and in Global Specialty, we're undersized in inland marine, we're undersized in auto. So we just see that, especially on the global specialty side, there's plenty of opportunity and the flow is there to support it. 
Adin Tooker: No. I think we are continuing to see moderation in the negative rates on public D&O. We're certainly seeing a shift in our portfolio towards more of the management and professional liability. So there's a mix coming through there, that's a part of it. I don't want to get too nuanced on you, but just that's the only additional detail I would give to Chris' comments. 
Adin Tooker: Hard to build on that, but I will try. I think the nuance we're trying to strike for you is that there are competitive spots in the marketplace, and we're just really proud of how well our underwriters are navigating what is increased flow, and that increased flow doesn't come as all business that we want to write, and that's the same in Small, Middle and Global. The flow is up significantly in all three businesses, and we're just trying to get underwriters to really pick our spots, and that's what we're trying to call out, Mike. Thanks. 
Adin Tooker: No, that's the beauty of the model, Mike. We're taking all of the strengths that we've had in the retail channel and applying the same business model to the wholesale channel, and that's why we're so excited. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. It's a competitive market. And I would say, especially in the larger end of each of our segments, so the larger end of small, we are finding more competitive, the larger end of middle is more competitive, and the larger end of the specialty business. So anything with a lot of premium on the slip typically has a little more competition to it. But the only area that we're dramatically pulling back on is, as we've talked about many times, is public D&O. We just haven't seen that market stabilize the way we would like to. So you will see that book continue to shrink. Outside of that, Greg, I think we feel pretty good about the rest of the portfolio. 
Christopher Swift: Josh, thank you for joining us. Yes, that's the trade-off we're making right now, lower retention for a more profitable cohort to get us back to that targeted profitability. So I don't think it's outside of the range of expectations that we've had as far as that trade-off. I think we've talked about sort of the PIF count decline compared to 2023 before. We still see that in that 4% range. So again, that speaks to our conviction to get the necessary rate in the book. And you're right, I mean it's a direct response business. I mean, it's Middle America from a customer side. So there's not a lot of, I'll call it, financial engineering we're doing vis-a-vis rate buydowns on auto or home, deductibles, things like that. It's pretty straightforward. We're sort of -- again, strictly in the admitted business. But I think generally, people understand the need to keep up with trend, the inflationary pressures, the weather patterns are changing, all the social litigation and legal abuse systems that we've talked about is keeping pressure on our loss cost. And again, we've been able to work with our regulators to get rates approved either on a pre-approved basis or file and use. So I think we're executing well, and it's still a very dynamic and challenged environment. 
Christopher Swift: I think it's more of the latter. I don't think we're having very many negotiations over the phone as far as our product and our offer. And we're being empathetic when we talk to our customers, particularly the mature customers, but there's not a negotiation. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I would just share with you. From an expectation side, everything is pretty much right on line. I mean if you -- obviously, you could see we improved slightly on a loss ratio basis. From prior year our non-cat property is pretty consistent with prior year and maybe even slightly ahead of our expectations. So I don't want to avoid -- I don't want you to feel like we're avoiding a question, but there's nothing to call out. 
Christopher Swift: Yes, I would say generally, our views on loss trends from '23 have increased modestly and that's obviously reflected in what we're trying to execute from a written rate side and the discipline we have there. And again, that the guidance that we try to give our underwriters with appropriate discretion, but yes, I would say loss trend is up modestly in '24 compared to '23. 
Christopher Swift: Brian, I appreciate the question. I'm going to spare the torture going back 7, 8 years for everyone on what didn't go right. But I think more importantly, and we've talked about it in the various settings that, the Prevail product and platform does give us a step-change in our abilities to effectively compete in our core market, which is a mature preferred segment through an AARP endorsement that will allow us to be more competitive in auto, in home, and as much as I said, we do continue to expect PIF count, particularly in auto to decline this year by 4%.  We've also talked about that we feel like we can start to grow PIF count modestly in '25, and then maybe more meaningfully in '26. So I think that's where we're at. We've made the investment. We're in 42 states. We should be in 46 by the end of the year and couple of other states will lag a little bit. But I think it gives us every opportunity to be growth-orientated. And then we'll see where we could take the Prevail platform. Right now, it's obviously geared towards a direct response platform and channel, but maybe there's others that we would explore getting into at the right time.  Once we finish off the implementation of Prevail in the vast -- or all the states feasible, we'll start to think about the future a little bit differently. But we want to take care of the core right now. We want to get it back to overall profitability, particularly in auto, and then we'll build from there, Brian. 
Christopher Swift: No. I mean, we're obviously in all 50 states on minute basis. You know we paused our new homeowners in California, which is a writing new homeowners business until the regulatory reforms get enacted to allow us to match price and risk appropriately. So that's the only self-imposed constraint we had. There's no other constraint besides our long-standing not writing any new homeowners business in Florida since 15, 16 years -- almost 20 years ago, I bet. 
Christopher Swift: Well, the only thing I'll say before Mo jumps in is, our Small Commercial franchise is world-class. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. I'll just give you my point of view, and then I'll ask Jonathan to add. I don't think -- I think disability is performing exceptionally well, whether it be claim recoveries and terminations and getting people back to work. I think growth has been solid.  I'd say, I'm just wondering levels are behaving... 
Christopher Swift: I was trying to do, compared to '23 to '24. Mid-teens in '23, low double digits in '24, or for the full year whatever I was just trying to say is that it bounces around from quarter-to-quarter. So I'd rather have you see the bigger picture trend that going from mid-teens down to even high double-digits is a pretty meaningful move. 
Christopher Swift: I would just say our judgment and prudence is leading us to call that number where we sit today. And if it changes during the year, we'll let you know. 
Christopher Swift: Not necessarily, right? I mean there's a volume issue, dollars and then a rate. So again, with the amount of rate we're getting the book, I think it's helping keep the ratio the same. We might actually be increasing dollars, which we are sort of in a J-curve model this year. But from a ratio side, that's why I tried to give you that full year number to sort of manage your expectation. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. It's a complicated question, but I would say I think it's normalized. Obviously, during COVID, there were a lot of assumptions made as far as where trends were that obviously turned out to be prudent, but sort of 2 years out from sort of the official end of workers' comp, I think trends are behaving as we would expect. Frequency continues to be positive. Severity is still within our expectations, which we always talked about, Bob, being a 5% trend, which, again, severity is behaving within that expectation. So yes, as I think about '23 and '24, with a lot of continuity and consistency in workers' comp trends. 
