Doug Elliot: Jay good morning, this is Doug. I can go back and look at those numbers specifically but obviously we had pressure in the back half of last year and as talked about in last couple of quarter particularly on the frequency side. This year as I commented Frequency is in better shape, but overall our loss transfer generally similar. The rating actions though that we were starting to take last summer are earning their way in so we’re now starting to begin just begin to see the impact of the changes that we’re rolling through the book, so we’re trying to offset what we’re seeing in lost time Jay what actions we are taking to combat that. 
Doug Elliot: Jay what I would say is that, we did see a little uptick in the frequency of our second half and maybe this is just a good moment for me, just to define the frequencies, I think it's a complicated measure and I think it’s important that we all understand exactly what we’re saying. So let me just say. For us frequency does not solely equal just the number of accidents, frequency is a function of the number of accidents and the number of coverage elements associated with the original collision. So for example given accident will receive an initial report, essentially a physical damage or a collision claim, but as that claim develops, additional coverages may be involved such as medical, underinsured or uninsured or other BI elements. As a result our method for calculating frequency includes both the collision but also the other coverages involved and so what we saw in the first quarter was a development on the BI side of our frequency for the second half of 2015, it was not a development of the number of collisions but it was the BI associated and we include that in our calculation when we share our ultimate picks of frequency. And maybe one last clarifier, when we do share frequency trends we're providing an estimate of the claimed counts developed to ultimate for that accident period. Based on the accidents and related claim reported, we estimate how many more claims we expect to be reported for that accident period and that becomes our frequency measure, so it's not a calendar year intake across claim, it's not some of the other things that maybe others, maybe reporting ours is our best shot at the ultimate frequency in the quarter and what change in Q1for 2015 was the BI component of our collision claims second half of the year.
Doug Elliot: Right, that's a really fair way to say, I'm very pleased with the first quarter in middle market, we're seeing intensified competition, very satisfied with our pricing performance and extremely pleased with our solid retentions, when I step back though, I want to be thoughtful about how we draw the line around new business and you saw that our dollars were down, but we are satisfied we're making good choices and I'll make that trade any day because we worked too hard to get our profitability to where it is today. So let that move back in a different direction. So, that is the balance that we're trading on across all desks across the country, I'm pleased with the first quarter start 2016.
Doug Elliot: Sure Mike and good questions and multiple features to your question. Couple of thoughts 2014, our change in our reserve position clearly is driven by the bodily injury movement that we've now seeing. I'd start by saying that our early look on '14 through the first 12 months even in the early part of 2015 was very-very positive in fact I would say that that year was running extremely positive relative to the prior years and then things started to shift throughout 2015 and clearly as we looked at that book of business the last 90 days, we've seen pressure there. So went back and adjusted '14. It might a surprise for people to understand how much of our open bodily injury claim book is still open, unpaid as of 12/31/15, I'm talking about accident year '14 unpaid at 12/31, between 40% and 50% of our BI claims are still open, that is the component that we've seen more pressure to close, those that are closing are closing for greater dollars that we expected and it's costing us greater dollars to defend those cases as well. So, what we saw through that loss component is what drove us to '14 and then you're right we rolled that change in '14 through '15 and also had to reestablish our expectations and our base for '16 as well.
Doug Elliot: And then the other half was, okay. And then in the 15 year half of the 32 was frequency in half that was severity.
Doug Elliot: Mike I would suggest if you, when I look at Q1 ’15 versus ’16 we ran 2 a -- 3 points better excess year to year. Probably about a half of that would have been several property experience. The other significant chunk inside their change is our workers comp experience, I expect our comp experience to continue going forward based on all of what we can see inside our current signals that to me looks repeatable as we move forward the property had a very good quarter, I’m hoping for better quarters I know we’re taking better underwriting actions but I can’t count on all that property going forward. So think there is a may be a third to half of that is repeatable and I hope we can repeat the property as well. 
Doug Elliot: Right and maybe one final comment and this really is a comment across several of the questions today. I think we’ve commented over the years that our ARP business has been more profitable and continues to be. So as you looked into both my comments about our rating actions which have a little more intensity around what we’re doing in the agency space and also the fact that if you look at the premium indications I gave you some growth numbers and you have a sense that we’re down overall in agency and you saw based on my comments that we’re up in AARP agency. I think that gives you a signal that our other agency business is down significantly in the quarter. We feel good about that mix we are mixing towards the strength of this franchise which is a matured driver and we’re being thoughtful of our class programs, we’re adjusting as we go and I am very confident that based on all the actions we’re taking we’re going to see progress over the course of 2016.
Beth Bombara: I just want to add to that. The other thing you have to keep in mind to is there seasonality in the auto result, so we typically when we look at the compare, it would go to the prior year where you do see that, our combined ratio is on an ex-cat, ex-prior development for auto are up. So you do have to keep in mind the seasonality.
Beth Bombara: I’ll answer that. So yes our budget for second quarter is about a 151 million and we kind of look at that sort of evenly across the three months a third, a third, a third. So if you think about our budget for April about 50, we’re running a little bit above that at this point, you know there obviously has been a lot of activity so the month of April has come in strong as it relates to cat activity and we’ll obviously continue to monitor it through the rest of the quarter. 
Beth Bombara: For 2016, remainder of 2016 as we've said we're anticipating taking out the $250 million in the second half and for '16 that is all we're intending to do at this point. As we roll into '17 we'll obviously continue to look at overall what capital is generated in Talcott as well as just the runoff activity to determine if there's additional dividend beyond just for that normal $200 million to $300 million, but that we would look to update more towards the end of this year.
Beth Bombara: I think and over time there obviously is additional capital that we will be able to extract, I believe I said on our last call that when I think about dividends for 2017, I think about them not being higher than what we're experiencing in '16. So again in '16 we're doing 750 million, as I said I anticipate there would be some additional access beyond just what we're generating, but I wouldn't want you to think that there would be something above sort of the level that we're seeing this year.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I feel very comfortable with the $250 million even with the interest rate activity that we've seen, again as we think about sizing the dividends we take a lot of that into consideration from our stress scenarios and so forth, so feel very good about our ability to do that.
Chris Swift: So, we've tried to understand the dynamics of what happened in the back half of 2015 and build some of those indications into the way we're projecting first quarter '16. Obviously there's a different economic and driving climate, we understand that, we're trying to build it into our productions, but we're fairly satisfied and we feel that we have a good shot at what we think happened in the first quarter and have reflected that in our financials, but I'll say this to you that the market has changed on us, it's the reason that our filings were up, we're pricing for a different level of market, and auto activity and I think between what we're doing on the pricing side and the actions we've taken on book management, we expect to see improved progress in our auto book of business in the coming quarters, maybe not all of it in Q2 but certainly the back half of the year we expect to see demonstrable progress in our auto results.
Chris Swift: It’s Chris, I just want your follow up of on Doug’s point, because went we get our, quickly our BI activity, Doug said mean we still have substantial reserves open for the older accident years, I mean there does seem to be again this is anecdotal right now, there is a more litigious environment that we face. So as Doug described, the elements of our severity, there could be more on them, but seems to be much more litigation, jury awards that are exciding some of our initial expectations and reserve with adjustments that, we’re reflecting to a ’15 into ’16 here. 
Chris Swift: Jay, its Chris. So, the guidance that we provided at yearend, it think everyone understood the assumptions based to that in that, particularly as it relates to prior year development, our investment partnerships our combined ratio picks for commercial and Personal Line so, we’re out of business of updating quarterly, but I think you could determine the sensitivities, particularly at it relates to Personal Lines particularly as it relates to our net investment income and partnership so, I think you should be able to understand, were that is coming out right now. So as we said here one quarter into it, there are still three quarters they go, there is items that could break our way, or things that we’ll need to continue to manage so we’re not giving up on under year and still fill that the guidance we gave was appropriate. 
Chris Swift: Yes, I think that the prior comments in your question here sort of go hand-in-hand, I mean that they both are obviously in a related to extent that, the numerator in the equation get the a little softer that’s going to effect the overall ROV. So, I would agree with you that, that there are some pressures you know we face but only on quarter end, so we’re going to continue to work to a very-very hard Jay as you know.
Chris Swift: Sure Randy let me take a crack at it. We certainly felt an increase in collision frequency, physical damage frequency, second half of 2015. That appears to have settled down in our numbers in first quarter, we’re reasonably quite flattish, but yes as we shared with you last year that’s off a tough compare. So we feel pretty good about collision, accidents in the first quarter. Keep in mind weather was relatively tame. So, I have to understand that as well. On the liability frequency we are seeing more features, more BI components to the collisions that are being reported and we’re addressing them. So in 2015, the uptick in frequency was both more features, more coverages attached to those collisions and that is rolling into ’16 relative to our expectations. So we reset baseline, if you will, for ’16, we have built in our pricing programs what we think are kind of new norms for severity and frequency and we’re working our way through, dealing with needing an improved financial outlook and profile for this business, we’ll get there. 
Chris Swift: Yes it not more features than the policy for sure. What we think some of the condition is due to is that we’re clearly seeing higher speeds on the highways and more highway accidents. And so with higher speeds those are more difficult accidents with more people hurt and more damage caused by those accidents. So I think it’s the complexity and the speed of some of these accidents and we’re feeling pressure inside our liability bodily injury component of getting these cases closed.
Chris Swift: Couple of parts to that answer. First thing is I think that that range of 40% to 50% of open bodily injury claims on an accident year that’s 18 months out is completely within the norm, so I’d start there. Secondly, although I’ve talked about many of our underwriting and book management initiatives, they are equally as many claim initiatives that we’re embarking on both ourselves we’re looking at system dynamics, we’re looking at how we can cut data more effectively and so there are a number of diagnostics that we’re dropping on the desktops of our claim examiners, so we can do absolutely the best job possible adjudicating claims.
Chris Swift: Randy its Chris. Just you make an observation as Doug said I said in my prepared remarks I mean we’re obviously not happy and disappointed just where we’re at particularly in personal lines. But you should know we are doubling our efforts down to fully understand these trends take the litany of actions and it’s not only rate, as Doug said in his remarks, there is a number of other actions that we’re aggressively getting after and just know that there is a tremendous amount of energy in our Personal Lines team to get our arms around these issues and get back caught up to trends. So I am confident we can get our arms around this. We know what needs to be done, it’s going to take a little bit of time but just know the energy and commitment that we’re devoting to this. 
