André A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug, and good morning. Today, I'd like to cover Consumer Markets results for 2013 and then discuss our plans for 2014. The bottom line is we're very pleased with our 2013 results that reflect our focus on profitable growth. During the year, we expanded margins and generated higher-than-expected written premium growth. Growth was fueled by strong new business production, coupled with improved retention. Margin expansion of 2.2 points for the year was primarily driven by 5 points of favorable catastrophe results and a slight increase in underlying margins, offset by a decline in favorable prior year development. In homeowners, coming off of very favorable 2012, strong earned pricing, coupled with continued favorable frequency for both weather and non-weather claims, were more than offset by increases in severity. In auto, we're pleased with our margin expansion as our combined ratio, excluding CATs and prior year development, declined nearly 1 point, driven by expense reductions. Full year auto liability frequency for 2013 came in as expected. However, frequency for the second half of the year, impacted by higher miles-driven as the economy continued to improve, developed a bit higher than the favorable results we saw in the first half of the year. In the fourth quarter, we increased our current accident year reserves to reflect this development. Written premium growth was driven primarily by strong new business in our AARP Direct and AARP Agency channels. In other agency, new business premiums decreased 2% for the year. However, both the third and fourth quarter recorded positive growth over the comparable 2012 period. The combination of new business growth and a 1-point improvement in policy retention led to a year-over-year increase in auto policies in-force for the first time since March 2009. As we look ahead to 2014, we are pleased that AARP Direct auto ended 2013 near its combined ratio target. Going forward, our focus in this channel is to balance profit achievement and growth by pricing ahead of expected loss trends while not compromising retention. Our new auto class plan is designed to more accurately match price to risk, while simultaneously increasing our competitiveness among the 50- to 59-year-old AARP age segments. The continued implementation of our telematics program, called TrueLane, will also help attract and retain better auto risk. Going into 2014, we expect slightly negative frequency, combined with low single-digit severity to produce a mildly positive overall auto loss trends for the year and for this loss trend to be exceeded by pricing, yielding auto margin expansion. Shifting to homeowners, the primary focus here is margin expansion. While we've made good progress over the past several years, work remains to achieve profit targets in this line. In addition to high single-digit rate increases, we'll continue to evolve terms and conditions by increasing withheld deductibles in targeted states, promoting account-rounded business and tempering roof claims severity through reduced coverage product offerings. Understanding that there will be significant year-to-year variation in homeowners loss cost due to weather patterns, we expect rate increases to exceed loss trends and yield underlying margin expansion. 2014 will also include strategic investments in digital capabilities across all channels and tactical steps to enhance our other agency channel offering. Our investment in digital will greatly enhance our customer and agent self-service capabilities, with a growing focus on mobile technology. In the other agency channel, our strategy is to carefully expand our auto class plan to more accurately and competitively price an incrementally broader market, with the intent of generating additional profitable growth for consumer going forward. In closing, we're proud of the progress we made in 2013 to improve margins, expand top line growth and grow policies in-force. Our strategic objective remains unchanged: To achieve above average industry growth, while also recording an all-in combined ratio of 92. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
André A. Napoli: Vince, this is Andy. So first, I'll say that is a normal part of our process to make current accident year reserve adjustments throughout the course of the year, as we see emerging trends in frequency or severity for auto liability. So occasionally, liability frequency can exhibit some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. And so ultimately for 2013, auto liability frequency ended right about where we expected at the beginning of the year. Just sort of the way it played out was that the first of the year, we saw some favorability and then in the second half, we saw some unfavorability and we booked that in the fourth quarter. So you're seeing a full year impact all getting booked in the fourth quarter.
André A. Napoli: Sure. It was 2.6 points on the quarter. And then for the year for auto, it was about just over a half point.
Douglas G. Elliot: Well, Chris, I think you hit it. As I look at the balance in January, we know it's a colder month, but I think we're within our general norms, and we'll continue to work our way through the rest of the quarters. So I don't see anything really that is so significant we should comment on.
Douglas G. Elliot: I guess, a few thoughts for you, Brian. One is, I would remind you, we have a big Small Commercial book of business, and that has performed well. It's been a steady component of our business that's here for a long time, and that rate performance is very solid for an extended period. Secondly, in prior calls, we worked hard at our auto line of business and the auto line is still achieving and taking rate, and given some of our profit dynamics, we think that is exactly the direction we need to head. And through it all, we were pleased with the fourth quarter. I did point to the fact that my view is at the end of the fourth quarter, things got a bit more competitive. But I look at 2013 across-the-board, I looked at overall performance in the fourth quarter, I'm very pleased with the progress we made.
Douglas G. Elliot: Mark, I would say that in our planning for '14, we're expecting loss trend to be about where it was in '13. So, from a loss trend perspective, single digits generally across all lines, we've had some good news on the frequency side and workers' compensation, and auto, the auto line has been a little warmer than the overall rest of the book. But generally, '14 in line with '13.
Christopher John Swift: Vincent, it's Chris. Jim Davey, if he were here today, he had a prior commitment with his Mutual Fund Board. He would answer it along the lines of -- He really is positive about 2014. We do think we could have net positive flows for all of '14. We would look back in '13. We had good, decent performance from our partner, Wellington. We also did have maybe 2 major accounts, 401(k)-type money that rolled off. We did shut down now since our money market fund and roll those assets to another new provider. So was it a couple of a one-time items, but overall, we do think we could begin to grow net fund flows in 2014.
Christopher John Swift: I would say, Erik, in addition to Liam's points, just the context of Talcott's capital return, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are taking out, I'll call it, to the holding company $1.2 billion of cash flow. And really, some of those cash flow resources are from old Talcott operations, whether it be Mutual Fund or Group Benefits. So we plan to take out roughly $70 million of dividends from Mutual Funds next year, $100 million from Group Benefits. So in a way, we think Talcott's already contributing. As we said, Japan is coming online with dividend distributions. We expect, I would say $150 million to $200 million over the next 4 or 5 years on average to come out of Japan. As Liam said, we have some things that to still do in the U.S. And really what I mean is, I want to get completed that legal entity separation. We are beginning work on collapsing White River REIT, our Vermont captive into the ILA, and then we'll approach the regulators in the second half of the year and have that discussion, that multi-year discussion, on what we think is an appropriate funding source coming out of the remaining 2 U.S. life legal entities for Talcott. So I think we have a plan, and I think we've been executing it pretty well and we're very confident that, particularly in '15, increased cash flows will come out of Talcott.
Christopher John Swift: I think what our plan is, we'll do that at the first quarter once we complete the legal entity separation and just have, I'll call it, the new structure lock down and just present it to you there. So I would say that there is nothing dramatically changed from the April presentation, but we'll update you first quarter.
Christopher John Swift: I think, John, it's our definition of capital margin, we've never, call it, quantified it per se as excess, because excess then would take into account which is really deployable. And, as you know, I mean, particularly for the Life group, we're still in the U.S. Life group in an extraordinary dividend land. It can't be readily turned into cash. So that's the only nuance. But, yes, I think you should think about capital margins as a buffer above our AA targets, our 400% RBC, particularly in Group Benefits as a healthy margin. And we would manage that over time.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I mean, obviously, we share all our data with all our constituencies, whether it be regulators, agencies, as the like. I think the only other thought, John, just on that base number, I mean, that's the margin at the ATCOS, plus the holding company liquidity. And we do have targets that are roughly 2x annual the interest in dividend, so that would be, in essence, the subtraction from a deployable capital number also.
Christopher John Swift: I would say on the hedging, in general, we have a context right. Markets moved dramatically in 2013 and maybe we could talk about the cost of the hedging program in general over the life of the block as it runs off. But the answer to your specific question, I mean, Talcott, you would assume roughly $225 million of after-tax hedge losses recorded in realized losses. I translate that into -- from our core ROE to a net income ROE, that's about a 1 point cost of that hedge program. I think on the overall cost, we may able to provide some updates, and I'll compare and contrast. So I always start with Japan. In prior years, we talked about 200 basis points of cost. You see sort of a run rate cost going forward, primarily because the market moves so dramatically where they are today with about 70 basis points. U.S., that 40 basis points on average now is around 30 basis points. And then from a macro program, I would have you think of our spend going forward of roughly $75 million.
Christopher John Swift: I think that's a pretty decent trend. The way we think about it more importantly is what is -- what is distributable earnings, sort of the statutory income or GAAP income on our Mutual Fund operation. What do we need from a holding company side, considering the growth in the investments, that Doug and Andy in the go-forward businesses need it to make. But that's how we think about sort of the growth sources of flows and then what we would take up to the holding company, and what I described for 2014 is what we're taking up the holding company in '14.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I mean, I think the way to think about it is in relation to AUM. Contracts will decline, but then, your market factors in forces can increase that, but on your earnings fees kind of called higher asset base, per policy basis. So that's sort of the calculus. I think in terms of just roughly numbers, I would expect in '15, Talcott decline another $125 million to $150 million after-tax.
Christopher John Swift: A lot of hard work. To me, it starts with, and I'm looking at Doug and Andy and the business leaders. I mean, we're going to, as Liam said, the strategy is to profitably grow the go-forward businesses as Talcott shrinks. And you can see what we think is a prudent capital management plan, focused on equity and debt. That philosophy will continue. You add in sort of the expense efficiency targets. And we think 10% is on the horizon. It will take a lot of work, but we still feel comfortable in growing ROE in the 40 basis points plus or minus annually going forward, through earnings growth, through accretive capital management plans and driving more efficiency into the organization.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, I'd like to execute our '14 and '15 plans and we'll talk a lot about '16 and beyond. But I've always said we would like to get into low 20s. I always defined low 20s as 22%. And obviously, improving our coverage ratios and when we get our targets, we could then start to think about a different approach, or will it be '15 or '16, I mean, know that we're trying to get to our targets.
Christopher John Swift: I think, 2 points. On your first one on the surplus, I do expect both Life and P&C to generate a couple of $100 million of surplus after dividends next year. So, we think Talcott specifically can begin to generate surplus based from the net income side. That's why we try to frame it at that $225 million after-tax, that's assuming markets grow 4% and rates follow our trend. And basically, FX remains stable. So I would say, if that's the market condition, we're printing less hedging losses so that there is less of a difference between core and net income. And I tried to frame it as that 1 point ROE difference right now based on our hedging cost going forward.
Christopher John Swift: No. I mean, you're describing a classic actuarial valuation, right? Value of the block of business, assets and liabilities and the value of the surplus, but we think about it is the same way. I think my comments in my script was trying to lead you to conclude that MCV would not be a transaction value because a willing buyer and seller would have to negotiate, but it is sort of a risk-neutral value that helps build the foundation for your thinking in any potential transaction.
Christopher John Swift: I think you're going to think in terms of the hedge losses, those printed hedge losses are reading results, right? I mean, we booked them as realized losses, so it's in surplus already. So I would say you're already have accounted for it in your reconciliations. And Tom, I'd love doing this with you, but why don't you and Sabra visit, and if you want a little help on any thoughts on the model, we could talk to you off line.
Christopher John Swift: Chris, I think the way we think about it is $1 billion $1 billion first order, and then we do want to be stable and consistent and prudent, but we'll look at buying opportunities. And in fact, I can just give you an update through yesterday, we had purchased $151 million of shares back in through January, and then first business day of February. So we're been opportunistic when we see it, but we also want to be stable and steady, too.
Christopher John Swift: Bob, it's Chris. I think the way we thought about our overall plan is that those were our point estimates. I think the ranges that we have around a lot of -- our data provides enough sensitivity for different market conditions. Interest rates, U.S. interest rates and sort of the returns on the assets that back those Japan liabilities aren't directly correlated. So, as we said, at the point estimate, I think at $570 million of core earnings for Talcott, where we sit here today, we still think that's our best estimate, knowing some of the market noise that even happened during the last few weeks.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes. I would agree. So where we are right now, what we saw in January, our surrender rates were pretty much in line with what we would have expected. January is typically a little bit slower just because of a lot of holidays and so forth. And the other thing, 2 other points just to keep in mind is, one, the funds backing the account value in Japan, about 40% of that is allocated to equities and of that, half of it is to Japan equities. So it's not all linked to what we’re seeing in the Japan equity movements. And then secondly, we do have a very significant amount of account value that starts to come up to the annuitization, the annuity commencement date in 2014, about $2 billion worth of account value. And most of that account value at the end of the year was above 110% of the guarantee amount. So very significant amount out of the money, and our experience has been that, for contracts that come to the annuity commencement date, if they're out of the money, we see a very high number of those choosing to take the lump sum. So if you put all of those factors together, we still feel good about our surrender rates assumption for the year.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, thanks, Liam. So currently, in the plan we have right now, we have built in an expectation of doing an offer related to our fixed annuity book. And our plan includes about $30 million of cost associated with that, so it's sort of the next evolution of offerings that we're looking at. Beyond that, the team continues to look if there are other, again as we talked about in the past, sort of nearly focused parts of the business that we would look to. So you should expect that we'll continue to look for that. And as our plans in that area firm up, we will share them with you.
Beth A. Bombara: No. Again, I think that we've taken all those into consideration, and the guidance that we've provided and reflecting the surrender activity that we saw during 2013, kind of our starting point for 2014, and the expectation that we have goes for surrender activity, as well as the impact of the annuitizations that begin in Japan.
Liam E. McGee: Remember, we've always said, that we're managing Talcott to remain capital self-sufficient, and Talcott is in this scenario. The actual breakdown of that $2 billion is, there's $1 billion at the holding company, because we're always solving for a minimum liquidity at the holding company, and P&C's got $600 million and Life group has $400 million. So those are the components of the $2 billion capital margin in the stress.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Beth will give you her views on that, Chris. I think the ESV performance played out as we said it would. And so now, Beth can give her perspectives on what if anything else things that she's thinking about.
Liam E. McGee: I want to clarify my statement, was that we want to be a top quartile company as measured by total shareholder return over trend. We think that will be driven, we have conviction that, that will be driven by growing book value. And as Chris discussed earlier, increasing our ROE. Obviously, if we were to seriously consider a transaction, we would do what was economic. And as I've always said, we take a look at the purchase price, the amount of capital that could be released versus what our view is of the underlying economics. And that will really inform our decision as opposed to, if you will, solving to a book value answer per se. I will certainly be part of the equation, we're well aware of that. But I think the longer-term view that I'm trying to impart is we are focused on being a top quartile CSR company. We know that will be driven by prudent growth to book value, as well as an increase in ROE, and I think I've given you a consistent frame of reference for how we might view a potential transaction.
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Bob. For the question again, Beth and Chris may have their own context. I remind you that yen/dollar on TOPIX/Nikkei are really back where they were just a few months ago. So, well above what we started last year wasn't even at the end of the first quarter. So let's be sure we have that context. So I'd turn over to Chris and Beth for any additional comments you might want to make to Bob's question.
