Douglas G. Elliot: I’d say a few things. Number one, we're encouraged by third quarter rate improvement overall, including the workers' comp line. In fact, our workers' comp rate improvement outstripped the numbers you see in the supplement, so good improvement over the past 90 days. As you know, this is a line that in the last 15 months, 18 months, has seen some stress on the frequency side that clearly in the past decade had not exhibited itself. So we are watching that carefully, driving rate into our book, mixing that need for rate where they profile against class and state. And I'm optimistic that we have better days in front of us, but I think it's a line we have to be careful with and one that we absolutely are acting that way day to day here at The Hartford.
Douglas G. Elliot: Andrew, this is Doug. I would say we're getting more confident by the day that we're nearing this inflection point relative to written rate achieving and intercepting with loss trend. It's a line-by-line conversation, but I'm much more positive about that today seeing that out front than I would have answered 60 days ago. So that's a work in progress. We do think we are working hard to understand our trends underneath and as we go forward, we're absolutely focused on this margin compression that's been sitting amidst our lines during 2011, trying to turn that into margin improvement arena, which we expect and hope we'll see in 2012.
Douglas G. Elliot: I'd start up by saying I essentially agree with all of what you said, right, the accelerant and the pressure point relative to yield over the top in the third quarter absolutely is there, exhibiting itself across all our tail lines. So the targets did move a bit further out in the front. What I was referring to in terms of nearing this inflection point is we're rapidly focused on trying to cross the line between margin compression and margin opportunity. And once there, then it's a matter of the movement toward our targets across these lines, including workers' comp. So we're working as hard as we can. We're mixing our book. We're looking at levels state by state. I am encouraged by some of the recent filing activity across the country in workers' compensation. But it is a work in process and in the middle market today, these are books of business that I think needs significant amounts of rate, and our activities are driven in that direction.
Douglas G. Elliot: I think there's a very disciplined process in place. Clearly over the course of the summer as yields have come down, we all need to reset expectations and targets relative to where we need to be across that line, I would say GL and some of the others as well. So this is a complicated time. Liam started out his remarks with a difficult quarter, a difficult time in the cycle. I've been through a few of these major cycles in the last 25 years, and this is the first one I can remember at this point relative to insurance pressures where the yields are where they are, so that's just another factor over the top. But I'm pleased with the progress in the third quarter, but there's much more work to be done.
Douglas G. Elliot: Eric, just a few points. This is Doug Elliot. Number one, when you look quarter-to-quarter, 3-to-3, we had a very favorable mortality quarter in the third quarter of '10, which under today's circumstances, was much more normalized level in third quarter '11. So it looks like there's some unfavorable change q-to-q. Second piece is although we're driving rate into our book, the rate we're driving is a written rate change. And so there's still some slight margin compression [indiscernible] '11 that will reverse itself as we get out in front of these trends. So there's a lot happening underneath. We are feeling better about directionally where we're headed now. We are absolutely committed to this marketplace, no question about it. But at this point, our book needs rate. We need the discipline that we're exhibiting, which is why you see both our top line and our new business levels at levels that are down slightly from a year ago. We think we're doing the right thing.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Jay. Actually right now, I don't think it's going to be a drag. Our best estimate is it's breakeven.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, John. I think the clarification, if one is needed, is that we want to complete the program in early 2012, and early 2012 is early second quarter most likely.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Hopefully that rally will continue, and we could recover more. But that is a good point. There are opportunities to recover. The way I look at it, John, is that roughly the $750 million gross decline in surplus prior to capital contributions coming in from the holding company, I would say $450 million of that is VA-related and the vast majority, 85-plus percent is equity-related. But there has also been the $300-other million. As you know, the $200 million after-tax of the Japan implementation hedge charge, and there was $100 million for our reserve increase for that MVA block of business that we talked about that was interest rate-related.
Christopher John Swift: John, what I would say is that from an overall Life Company perspective, whether it be our main writing companies and White River Re because remember the agencies, they look through everything no matter what legal entity holds all the risk. We would say at the end of the third quarter, we are still holding CT 98 reserves and capital for the entire Life group.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, thank you, Tom. I would say yes. As I said in my prepared remarks, there is nothing that surprised us. Our scenarios that we ran through that balance sheet day continue to be the ones that we think are most realistic.
Christopher John Swift: Correct. I think that's the way I answered John's question of -- I would isolate that the quarter really had $450 million-ish of VA-related impacts, mostly market, a little bit of interest rates and then everything else in the quarter was the items that we've talked about previously.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Tom. You know I want to and I will. I'm going to ask you to be patient until December 8. We will talk a little bit more about the forward-look there on, I'll call it statutory capital formation and the impacts on ROEs but for right now, just think of '12 as just breakeven as we have it right now and growing from there in '13.
Christopher John Swift: I guess I'm going to have to look at the dictionary going forward, Andrew, so thank you for the clarification point. The intention is we will complete the program by early second quarter. Again, I think we've talked about it at the balance sheet day. We're being prudent. We're being a little cautious. We're watching Europe pretty closely, and we like to just get a little bit more clarity and when that happens, we have the deployable capital at the holding company.
Christopher John Swift: Mark, it's Chris. Just a couple of things on capital margin. I want to be helpful as possible, but I really don't plan on talking about capital margin on a quarterly basis. So as much as I understand your question, the facts will speak for themselves. I mean our capital margins declined from second quarter to third quarter given what happened with statutory surplus levels. But as we look forward, again, the scenarios that we presented on balance sheet day and the market conditions that we just experienced, there wasn't anything out of the normal. There wasn't anything that wasn't contemplated in those scenarios, particularly the downside scenario. And as you know, we ran those at the end of August and things have recovered since then. So I don't necessarily want to just get into a discussion on capital margin every quarter because that's how -- we're really running the business from what is sufficient and required capital at the Life Company and the P&C levels, our view of what's deployable at any point in time. So it's a language that I think I'm trying real hard to not confuse people going forward, and that's just the language that might confuse people.
Christopher John Swift: Again, you had a lot there, so let me just try to pick at a couple of points from surplus generation. I think we've always talked through that the P&C company remains our statutory surplus generation engine. We take about $800 million out annually. We continue to plan for that in '12 and beyond. What we're talking about then specifically in the Life Company, we do see it sort of breakeven on a '12 basis, improving in '13 and beyond, being able to generate and get access the capital out of the Life Company at that point in time. Obviously that depends on ultimate market levels, but our best view right now, given everything we know about where we see Group Benefits, disability incidence continue to be elevated. We see persistently low rate environment in '12, and we do see some choppiness in the equity markets but generally stable. So yes, in that state for '12, I think we're breakeven, and we don't see the need to put any additional capital into the Life Company.
Christopher John Swift: Yes it's a combination of everything, so it's just not one, right? So higher -- market levels will increase. Fee income, hopefully a little bit of a reversion of the 10-year -- back to a normal or higher-rate Group Benefits. We see unemployment. Obviously it'll be linked to employment, but we do see some improvement in '13 and beyond. But those are a lot of things, Mark, that -- let's really get into a good discussion on December 8, and we'll tell you what we see from a capital formation side and the impacts on ROEs going forward.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Eric. I think between myself and Graham here, we'll try to explain that the best way we can. I think it’s simple, at least my mind in that we are hedging for economics, first and foremost. Some of the hedging programs maybe in the past were more geared towards GAAP results and not necessarily economics. We are not 100% hedged for the economics. I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that we're not -- we haven't gone market-neutral over this period of time, so we still have risk on. I would characterize sort of from a risk-on perspective that we have approximately 65% effective risk coverage for the entire portfolio, but that's just our estimates that we see. So again, the variability in markets and not being 100% hedged in the economics and with VACARVM, we consider that to be more fair value-light. There is going to be a little point-to-point breakage in statutory earnings and statutory surplus will happen. And I think the key point, though, on all this as you put it back together, Eric, is the way we're running the firm at the 800 stress scenario, 800 S&P stress scenario and the outcomes that we showed you in October ought to give you greater confidence that the programs that we designed, the 3 different programs we're managing, work collectively together to protect statutory surplus in that severe market decline.
Liam E. McGee: It is a line -- that professional liability line is one that we're watching carefully concerning relative to soft pricing still and plenty of capacity in the line. Our reserve releases over the past couple of years have been primarily in the accident years 5, 6 and 7, and what we did this quarter as we looked through our book and looked through our claims, we've made some strengthening moves across 8 and 9, primarily in the sub-prime arena. I think it's still too early to call, and we're being cautious and thoughtful about that approach.
Liam E. McGee: Randy, this is Liam. Just a couple of things I'd add to Dave's description there. The annuity business is in the DNA of The Hartford. We have really good distribution. I think Dave has made some management enhancements to it that will bear fruit. The $5 billion number, as we've always said, Randy, was more meant to be a proportional sense of our appetite. We were a $15 billion-plus company at the peak. We want to be about 1/3 of that at our peak. As Dave said, I think $5 billion is a goal we believe we can achieve. Thirdly, unlike The Hartford of the past and others today, we're not going to ride 1 or 2 products to that type of volume. I think Dave's leadership and vision has been to have what he calls an all-weather portfolio, and he's adding products to it. And we want to be a company that has a balance of what's good for policyholders and what's good for The Hartford, so we can be in the business on a sustained level without the kind of volatility that we and others have experienced episodically in the past. So we're going to be patient here. We think it needs to be an important part of our Wealth Management business and Dave and his team I think are doing all the right things.
Liam E. McGee: Andrew, this is Liam. That's a very fair question on your part. I think what you should take from Doug and Andy is that we do think we're very close to the inflection point, particularly in Commercial, of pricing coming on top and overlapping loss cost trends. And I can tell you that our team is literally working case by case, customer by customer on that and that's why I was very intentional in my remarks that we see pricing increasing in P&C Commercial. And I think Andy's confidence speaks for itself in the Consumer book.
