Liam E. McGee: Mark, this is Liam. I'm going to have Beth Bombara, who runs our Runoff division, answer that question.
Liam E. McGee: Tom, we'll have Beth do that. She'll give you a little more color in addition to the comments I made about it being about 15% of the book and about 45% of the NAR. So go ahead, Beth.
Liam E. McGee: Brian, Doug Elliot and his team have done an incredible amount of detail work on that side. And again, while it's very early, I think he can give you a flavor.
Liam E. McGee: Chris, let me make just a high-level comment. I'll let Beth comment on the market intelligence of others have done it. Beth and her team, to your -- the second part of your question, are examining every single possibility we can reasonably consider to accelerate the runoffs of the book. And as I just said in my remarks, eventually, a permanent resolution to the size of risk of some of the books as well. So we have a variety of things in the pipeline. Some will materialize because they'll make sense, some won't, but there's no stone being left unturned in our Life Runoff business. So with that, Beth, I'll turn it over to you for any additional context that you want to give.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Chris, let me take a step back, first of all. Our capital management plan will be a holistic plan, including the $2.2 billion. And as I said, our current intentions -- we certainly don't want to get ahead of our regulator and our other constituencies, and we're in conversations with them. So our current intentions would be to do debt prepayment. At these share prices, repurchases are very accretive, as you know. And third, to preserve some capital so that we could be opportunistic when opportunities to permanently reduce the size and risk of the legacy annuity liabilities, which we believe will be very attractive for shareholders.
Beth A. Bombara: Okay. Thanks, Mark, for the question. So the way I think about it is, obviously, with the enhanced surrender value option, we are paying a premium above the current account value. That might be slightly higher than the reserves that we carry today. But the way that we really look and evaluate these programs is we look at what it does to the requirements in our stress scenarios because, as you know, we hold capital for our stress scenarios, and we would anticipate that the cost of the program would be less than what the benefit is we would see from reductions in required reserves in those stress scenarios.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes. Thanks, Tom. So a couple of things just to frame it as to what policies this impacts. So it's about -- in total, about $5 billion of account value, and it's related to policies that have our LIB II [ph] rider associated with them, which is a lifetime income benefit rider. And again, the way that these programs work, as I'm sure you know, is that they're made available to all policyholders that meet the criteria that is in the filing. So as far as targeting certain policyholders, again, it's open to all. When we think about the benefits that we might see, currently, this book we see about a 5% lapse rate. When I look at what might be reasonable expectations as to what we might see for sort of an increase in the take rate, I think to the extent that, that doubles or triples, I think that's a reasonable expectation because we would never think that this choice would be right for all policyholders that have this benefit. So that -- again, that's how we're thinking about it right now. And then as we go through the approval process and we're able to actually offer this benefit to policyholders, we'll trip those estimates as we see actual take rates from the program.
Beth A. Bombara: Well, I think in all things VA, things are never linear, so I wouldn't look at it exactly that way. But again, given the fact that it does have the profile that it has, you would expect that the reserves allocated to it are higher than maybe other reserves associated with other portions of our block.
Beth A. Bombara: Sure. So as it relates to the first part of your question, Chris, as to the success of some of these programs by others. Anecdotally, we've heard that there had been some success, but really, the way we looked at designing our program was really more about looking at our book and the characteristics of the policies that we're targeting through this. And so because of that, and when we look at the offer that we're making, we do think that this will be attractive to some of the policyholders. So we do expect to see some take rate as it relates to this program once it's launched.
Beth A. Bombara: Sure. So a couple things as it relates to that. As it relates to the program, the way that it works is that if a policyholder were to elect this option, they would be able to take out their account value with a waiver of any surrender charges that might still be applicable. And about 55% of this book still has some portion of a surrender charge that's applicable. And then the enhancement that they get above that account value is if they get a payment of 20% of what the benefit base is, or think about that as the guarantee amount, subject to a cap of overall 90%. So it does provide an enhancement. Again, as we look at this book, a significant portion of it is in the money, so that most -- there are several policyholders that, if they elect to this benefit, they would receive an amount greater than their current account value.
Christopher John Swift: Mark, thanks for the question. I think your point's a good one. This quarter was negative $4 million, as we talked about. And I remind you that, again, we're -- our hedge programs aren't, I'll call it, managing all the economics, so we still have risk positions on. So you're always going to have, I'll call it differences between your VACARVM liabilities and your changes in fair value of hedge assets. But as we've said before, generally, at the 1450 S&P level, we start to feel very good about the performance of the VA block going forward. You could see it in I'm going to call it the net amount of risk coming down this quarter. So we're at that inflection point where if markets continue to improve -- and it won't happen overnight, Mark, where we would generate a lot of statutory surplus off the VA block, but over time, with steady market performance, it is very positive for us. I would have to point out that offsetting that is really the continued low interest rate environment. So as much as equity markets are positive around the world, low interest rates in the U.S., Europe and in Japan are still a significant headwind for our statutory surplus creation on the Life side.
Christopher John Swift: Not really. I mean, if I look at, I'll call it the cost, what we're expending and sort of the path-dependent performance of our hedges, I mean, it's fairly consistent with what we started, the year end [ph]. So as we head into '13, Mark, if we're going to modify any of our hedging programs, which we are always considering how to make it more economic beneficial, we'll update you. But right now, as we head into the fourth quarter, I'd say those estimates are still the best ones we have.
Christopher John Swift: John, thanks. I would say, let's take the pieces, the $100 million for U.S. annuity shutdown, there's probably -- we're probably 30% achieved on our mission through '12, so there is some in there. There'll be more that will come out, particularly as we shrink shared services in 2013. The $135 million of, I'll call it expense efficiencies, I'd say most of that will relate to our 2013 plan. So I wouldn't say that there's very much in our run rate at this point in time. That's the incremental goal that we established for '13.
Christopher John Swift: John, if I understood your questions, it's called the Fixed Annuity Transaction Market. I know Beth and her team, we work closely with her on those opportunities. I mean, we're aware, we have intel, we've got advisers that are working with us. I think our simple analysis right now of what we see, appetite in the marketplace compared to our book of business, we just see a disconnect, particularly given the low interest rates. And as far as the capital, I haven't provided capital by product line. We might do that going forward, but historically, we haven't. How I think about capital in total, John, is you think of the $7.5 billion of capital we have in the blue books, we have approximately 150 -- excuse me, $1.5 billion of that capital allocated to Group Benefits. And the rest would be supporting VA, Fixed Annuities and our Institutional Annuity blocks going forward.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you for the question, John. There's 2 aspects of rates that I just -- we'll touch upon. One we touched upon from a statutory cash flow testing in approaching year-end. I mean, so there is going to be some pressure on that as far as additional reserves, cash flow testing reserves, C3 Phase I impacts, so that would be the first pressure point. As we look forward then, after we sell Retirement and Life, and we'll talk more about this when we provide you the full '13 plan, we have about $4 billion of cash flows to reinvest in '13 and '14 for our ongoing businesses. And so I would say that the new pressure point for continued low interest rates on a run rate basis is probably in the $20 million range for '13. And then it would jump to $50 million in 2014.
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. I think on the slide, if you had a chance to look at it, the $450 million of your $600 million number is really going to the new owners, so it's the employees, it's the infrastructure. So really, when we close those transactions, $450 million comes out immediately. And then what we're left with is -- that really represents $165 million, which represents, I'll call it, reducing our shared service platforms: IT, operations, finance. That approximates the 500 positions that we'll eliminate in '13. That will come out somewhat ratably in 2013.
Christopher John Swift: Tom, on low rates in Japan, I would say, right now, in sort of our baseline scenario out the next couple years, we don't see the need to inject capital into Japan. But as you pointed out, there are obviously pressure points from low interest rates. All I can say is that our assumptions, as I looked at them, and again, we updated all our policyholder behavior assumptions this quarter, I think are very, very prudent. We do assume a high utilization of that benefit going forward. So I think we've planned for it. But in, again, a baseline scenario, I don't think they're going to consume capital, but on the other hand, I don't think they're going to be releasing capital back to the U.S. in a short period of time either.
Douglas G. Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. I would say from a commercial perspective, we don't see ourselves out of pattern in any of the areas. Obviously, these are early days, but as we go through both our zip code and our territorial analysis across all the affected areas, I think you'll see us in line relative to market footprint across the states.
Douglas G. Elliot: So let's separate the current and the prior, and let me see if I can add some color and give you some confidence about some of the actions we're taking, which we feel very good about. Number one, on the prior accident year, and we look at $18 million against the base of $6 billion. I look at that, Brian, really as tuning. We did do some minor strengthening to the accident years '11, '10 and '09, and we had some releases 5, 4 and 3. But $18 million and $6 billion, really, given what we've gone through the last 5 quarters, I feel very good about our position. And we will continue to monitor aggressively and not -- there might not be little bumps on the road, but we are in a completely different spot than we were 5 quarters ago. When I think about the current year, a little bit of 2 stories. One is 2/3 of our comp actions in the year were in Small Commercial. When you step back and think about Small Commercial, our returns and combined ratios in Small are really, really outstanding, and I think they will stack up with pretty much anybody in the industry. We saw a little bit of medical severity in the quarter and a little bit of larger cases. So nothing major, but enough so that we made some minor modifications to our current accident year pick in Comp in Small. It's the first time we've had to do that in several years, but we're watching and staying very careful again, albeit you see the combined ratios and saw very solid returns and in line with outstanding rate adequacy across Small Commercial. A different story in Middle. We've talked aggressively about the rate actions we were taking in our Middle Market book the last 5, 6 quarters. We feel good about those rate actions. They do not stop in third quarter '12. We continue to march on. And as Liam mentioned, we're marching on into quarter 4. So we're out beyond our trends both on a frequency and severity standpoint and we now are improving margins. The prior actions had a little bit of Middle to them, but as I look at the current accident year, there isn't anything that concerns me. And I feel good about the actions we're taking in the marketplace and reflected in the balance sheet. So maybe some bumps along the way and a few bumps in the quarter but really very, very steady progress. And our behavior in the marketplace, both from a new business perspective and a rate retention, I think is a completely different spot than where we were third quarter 2011.
Douglas G. Elliot: So for us in Small Commercial, we clearly are looking at our dials, and we're making some adjustments. Our pricing in Small Commercial moved up in the quarter. That was a good thing. We've got a little bit of pressure in automobile. We're watching that carefully, and so we've adjusted pricing, and I think that has affected some of the top line. Nothing that at this moment that concerns me, but clearly not -- you're right, not at the run rate that we had for the first 6 months. So we'll stay on top of that. I want to make sure our margins stay very strong in that business, but we also are mindful that it's a business we'd like to grow, and we're thoughtful as we move forward.
Douglas G. Elliot: Right, so Randy, let me -- this is Doug -- Dan, this is Doug. When you think about accident year '11, what we're referring to is accident '11 as it sits right now, which is the 7-quarter look at '11, and that is correct that our view about accident year '12 versus '11 is about 4 points different. At the moment, third quarter '12 accident year is in the high 60s, 68. And I would say again, that's our combined standard workers' comp ratio, so it includes Middle and Small. There are different dynamics inside each, but those are the components that roll up to the total, and also a little bit of National over the top.
Douglas G. Elliot: Dan, let me add one other detail to you. I want to make sure that when you look at quarter-to-quarter, you go back and actually look at when we roll out our quarterly triangles. You make sure that the 7-quarter look at accident '11 is there. The year-to-date September comp all-in 3-quarter look will be 64, 64 2 [ph]. So there are lots of questions coming whether the quarter-to-date change -- the quarter-to-date change is 68, but the year-to-date will be 64.
