Beth Bombara: No I think that summarizes it very nicely. As Chris indicated, this was an area that we have been focused on and thought it appropriate to look into the market to see what type of protection might be available and as we look at the terms that were provided in our discussions we found them to be attractive and put the protection in place which again we believe just provides greater certainty on what the impact could be to the Hartford.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I mean we did obviously call out in middle market that we did have some elevated non-Cat property losses and that definitely had more of an impact on the middle market combined ratios. When you kind of pull that through the total commercial lines it is probably about a point of what we saw sort of in the year-over-year compare. So I think that provides I think the question that you had on sort of what we were seeing in there.
Beth Bombara: Yes, so we're very pleased with the performance that we saw in Group Benefits this quarter and as you point out the previous quarter and it really continues to be driven by favorable incidence levels on inner disability block. And when we think about it from over the long term, we do see ourselves being in the range that we provided at the beginning of the year, but obviously with these trends we're probably trending a little bit higher from the core earnings margin in the range that we provided and we'll continue to watch incidence levels as you know they're very tied to economic activity and we'll continue to make adjustments as we go through the year. But overall we're very pleased with how that book is performing and we also saw improvements in our recovery rates as well.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So I think you may be referring to refund on AMT, which will come through when our tax return is finalized, but with this review by the IRS, we did file our tax return already, so we'll await to receive those receipts and the timing is somewhat dependent on the IRS process, so we did not get a receipt in the first quarter.
Beth Bombara: So again, the $600 million to $700 million is not just AMT, that's our anticipation over the course of the year. I'll remind you that we also will have tax receipts coming to the holding company as we utilize our NOLs, so our operating subsidiaries will basically pay the holding company for use of those NOLs. And we do those tax settlements with our operating subsidiaries throughout the year, beginning in the second quarter. But yes, overall for the year, we're still anticipating net proceeds of the holding company of about $600 million to $700 million.
Beth Bombara: Sure, yes and as I'm sure you can appreciate, that's a little difficult to answer, because obviously the share that we pick up is going to have an inherent in its some volatility because of the hedging gains and to your point hedging losses when markets recover. I would say as we think about for the impact of their first quarter and what that could be in our second quarter, I would expect it to be pretty flat 0 to $3 million kind of range, definitely not at a level that we saw this quarter. And unfortunately it is just going to kind of bounce around a bit, because of that. So I think you should expect to see some noise in that line item. And I think the other line items within corporate are pretty straightforward, which is why we provided this slide that kind of summarize those, being interest income, which again will come down once we complete the purchase of Navigators and then obviously the interest in preferred dividend line.
Beth Bombara: Yes, I agree with that and when we look at the expense ratio and primarily focusing on the commercial lines, we definitely saw an increase there is kind of what we see in this quarter, around that is probably where it will be for the remainder of the year and we feel very strongly and are committed to the agenda that we're on relative to the improvements that we're making in our core operations and our capabilities that we think are critical to continue to compete at the level that we compete at.
Doug Elliot: Brian, I would suggest that it's a fairly competitive marketplace. It's been competitive, but clearly the disability results across the industry, including our own are in very good shape. So I think there's a bit of enhanced competition, nothing outside the norm now.
Doug Elliot: I think the timing is terrific for us launching. Chris and I just got back from Boston. We spent a couple of days with some of our leading distributor partners and also some of our key risks and again relative to my comments, although we're seeing some upward movement in the core middle and small lines. I think the need in some of the specialty areas is a little more advanced and I expect that we're going to see that in the marketplace over the coming quarters. So I think a good time for us to come together, excited about the expertise that now will become part of The Hartford upon completion of the deal and Brian, I think you have a good start here.
Doug Elliot: Paul, I would suggest that the last few years have been competitive in the Personal Line space. So I'm not sure I could contrast the last 90 days or last 180 with the prior 3 or 4, 5 years. I think the better companies are investing and are more competitive in the street or how they reach customers and so that's just the marketplace we face into every day. Obviously we are leaning into our capabilities and feeling good that we've made some progress across both the sales front and the product front, but more work to be done and understand this terrific competitors we see in the marketplace each and every day.
Doug Elliot: I would add maybe three thoughts. One is data science has become a fundamental key initiative here in terms of looking and working with external data, working more aggressively with our internal data and thinking about how that will help us compete and be thoughtful about markets we intend to move into. And so, yes, we have clearly extended our reach and are investing more dollars in data science. But I believe there will be a long-term pay that will be more than equal to what we're spending now. So there is a bit of short-term pain for what I think will be long-term gain. Secondly, which ties into the earlier question around NAV, we have spent a lot of money and continue to invest in new products over the last 5 years, and that started with Group Benefits through the voluntary suite and now has extended into things like energy, our construction verticals, et cetera. That progress in some of those cases now gets accelerated with Navigators. So as Chris talks about expenses, the fact that we are standing up and environmental practice and standing up a life science practice now we put that on a much different speed dial. And I think they'll be cost saves there, but we have spent a lot, because we feel like that full product suite was absolutely necessary to be the player that we intend to be and needed to be in the middle market space, that's point two. And then thirdly, there is some slight upward pressure on commissions, both to defend our space in the small commercial area and also to reach into specialized practices that now, we're building products for. So we're aware of it. I think we've been thoughtful about how we pick our spots to compete long term, but I share those 3 areas as complementary to what Chris and Beth shared relative to expenses.
Doug Elliot: Yes. So just to nail that and then I'll come back around, certainly that's where our voluntary products are and we feel good about progress, not just last year and the prior, but certainly start of 2019. A couple of comments about sales, I would remind you that we had a new product, the New York Paid Family Leave Act that initiated 01/01/2018, so that was about a $50 plus million program. When you adjust for that our run rate is more reflective of my comments, which we feel pretty good about the start to 2019. So I think you need to make that adjustment. It was a one-time change with the law in New York. When I think about retention, we did build in some shock to our anticipated one, two, three-year scenarios around the Aetna deal. And so, when I think about what is playing out Chris, and I view experienced to be basically largely in line with what we expected. So, not what I would say a normalized run rate, but with little bit of shock for the first couple of years. Through that we feel pretty good about the accounts we're retaining. I feel pretty good about the setup. As you know, we're already working on the backside of 2019, so I don't think there are any major surprises that fall out of line.
Doug Elliot: I mean, Tom, you know and you understand that book. So a good chunk of that book 70% plus the Aetna book was national accounts and therefore you can have lumpy progress as you move through time, you lose one account and you need to be accounted for that. So I look back and I think our 2018 retention was really solid and I'm pretty pleased about the way we started '19 and looking forward to the rest of the year and then next year. Very excited about what we're building and how fast we brought to market a brand new claims platform and we will now compete with that going forward.
Doug Elliot: Well, I guess couple of parts, one is I think our total Workers' Compensation number does make a lot of sense. We are adding excess Workers' Comp from national accounts and with middle and small so, what's relevant to me is that on the quarter we had about a point of Workers' Comp margin pressure point in the quarter and as I commented before, part of that compare is the fact that in the first quarter of 2018 we didn’t have the adjustments that we had made later in the year. So, as the year progresses we're going to watch carefully the gap and Chris that is largely in line with our expectations, so there is nothing that I'm talking about that Beth and I or the teams are surprised about. And what I think about our view of trend and our view of pricing, I think 2019 has started about the way we thought it was. So slight compression, not major and we will watch it every 90 days and share with you what we see in our book.
Chris Swift: Josh, it's Chris. I would add just a couple points maybe to help you. Obviously the $70 per share price that we negotiated was negotiated price, obviously a willing buyer and a willing seller. As I said, just in the prior commentary, we still feel very good about the strategic and financial components of this transaction. So nothing fundamentally has changed. But clearly, we paid a full price for property that we're excited to own and integrate and keep its own special identity going forward as a global specialty operation, but we probably paid a price once we see their first quarter results in a book value range of 1.9, at the end of the day. But as I said in my prepared remarks, the metrics and the components of earnings that $200 million in that four to five-year period of time, remain very valid improvements in underwriting results, contributions of net investment income, cross-sell, revenue generation and expense savings. So, I feel all those points and the $200 million run rate is very achievable in that four to five-year time period and actually I think there's more improvement opportunity beyond that. That said, yes, our IRRs on the deal given what we've learned since then have probably come down a little bit, maybe a half a point and a point range. So I'm not terribly concerned about what that means for the long term. But yes, it's probably a little at the low end of our expectations as far as an IRR.
Chris Swift: Paul it's Chris. I guess, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've been very deliberate and conscious really over the last 6, 7 years since the team has been together to think about the needed investments in our internal infrastructure, technology, data analytics, claim systems and we've been on a multi-year journey that we're continuing. And I would say, yes, maybe they've spiked up a little bit here, but we've, we've been pretty disciplined and I'm really pleased with our approach of generating expense savings, over the years, expense cuts, rationalizing certain aspects of our infrastructure to invest in the new more modern technology and digital capabilities. So in the long-term trend, we still believe in to invest, have greater efficiency, a better customer experience and from any one quarter and comp basis, it could bounce around a little bit, but Beth or Doug, I still very, very committed on the path that we're on, because it's the right one for the long term.
Chris Swift: Tom, it's Chris. I understand your path and your points, your math and your concepts. So I wouldn't add anything to it other than how fast the run rate to get to $200 million might change sort of the future earnings power I think is enhanced since we announced the deal. So, but as far as the basis, the investments in sort of the Navigators deal I would agree with your concepts.
Chris Swift: Tom, it's Chris. As I said in my prepared remarks, from an operational side, whether it be retention, whether it be sales, whether it be expenses, all meeting or exceeding our expectations and something maybe we don't talk about too often Doug is, I think the Ability Advantage, the claims system that we inherited plus the modifications that we made and our claims expertise embedded in our organization is another key differentiator long term that we feel terrific about.
Chris Swift: Gary, good morning. Let me make a few comments and you can direct the path forward. First comment I'd make relative to the quarter is that -- as we move through 2018, we did adjust our middle market Workers' Compensation pick. So this quarter was a little bit of a difficult compare comparing first quarter '19 to a 2018 first quarter that did not have the recorded actions that happened through the rest of the year. So I'll just start with that when you think about the all-in numbers we posted. Secondly, I've commented in the past that we have a bit more discretion in the middle market through the underwriting process where accounts have more experienced per account, they are larger size, et cetera, and therefore underwriters used to stay filings, but also have some ability to adjust based on underwriting views, engineering Workers' Compensation, safety habits, et cetera, et cetera. So, I would say to you that in the small commercial world, there is a bit less flexibility and where we see pricing more driven by market conditions, there will be a little bit more pressure on margin and in the middle we are able to do a better job at looking at looking at accounts one by one and making appropriate judgments as we move forward on the margin.
Chris Swift: Well, you're really talking about a class by class process and now you're inside the wheels of I think what makes us so effective in the marketplace. So, yes, in certain areas territories and classes have we changed the referral process, absolutely. And even inside of classes there are micro classes that we spend more time with probably have a bit different appetite and this is all on a state and regional basis. So you're now inside the granular nature of what we do day in day out inside small. I just gave you a little bit of a 50,000 feet view that says across small commercial it's a bit more of a spot rated product, given the fact that we're seeing prices go negative we're very focused on where and how that is happening and making sure that we're doing everything we can to preserve the margins we've got and to protect our future.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think it's pretty picky and I think it's small. We've had a couple of older product liability cases that we've added to. It's nothing that has my attention in the way of concern. So I feel pretty good about our balance sheet. I think we finished 2018 strong, we feel good about our position and first quarter 2019 and I think we march ahead.
Chris Swift: Amit, just as Doug looks at is, no, I'm glad you asked the question because I just wanted to add a perspective that may or may not be helpful to you in that when we established our outlook/guidance for '19, clearly we were fully aware of the environment, particularly pricing, but also loss cost trends composed of frequency and severity in that and when we established the range of our outlook, I thought we were pretty clear and I know I've said and subsequent FT-friendly environments that we did expect some margin compression in Workers' Comp. So as we sit here today, there is nothing that surprised us in the first quarter and as we look at the next three quarters, there is nothing that we see that's going to surprise us or change our original views on guidance. The offset though, we said was that primarily Commercial, Auto, Property and GL we thought we could actually expand margins in this environment and as Doug just said, we're very encouraged and continue to be encouraged with the pricing environment to a lesser extent than the specialty world, but pricing and margins we feel knock wood for the rest of the year can expand and grow, so that in general we would be flattish to maybe slightly down on a year-over-year your margin comparison basis to 18. So that's the context, I think we judge the market very well, are managing appropriately in this environment. But Doug, I don't know if you have that number or if we really want to give it out at this point.
Chris Swift: Yes, as I said before we haven’t closed, so it is unfair for us to comment on Navigators trends in the first quarter. We don't know them and obviously you will read about them once they publish their results or when we close first whatever happens. But general market conditions, as Doug said, he and I were at the RIMS Conference in Boston. We'd been to London numerous times and I would say, yes in that E&S wholesale specialty orientation it is a rapidly changing and dynamic environment, one where rates are rising very rapidly in certain lines. So that's the tailwind that we talked about that we feel good about and as we start our ownership of Navigators going forward.
