Chris Swift: Brian, it's Chris. Thanks for joining us. I think you're asking questions about Personal Lines and Commercial and probably the implications overall. So what I would say, on Personal Lines its clearly, we're facing more headwinds than we anticipated a quarter ago. We've run various scenarios and I would share with you again Personal Auto. Is that -- if the elevated inflation severity pressures we feel in the first quarter continued in the second and third quarter. And then it begins to revert in the fourth quarter and that probably puts about four to six points of loss ratio pressure on the auto expectations we had for the full year. I think then on your Commercial Lines your question remained highly confident, highly. That we will achieve the objectives and targets set out for a couple of reasons; one, the earned premium impact is increasing and it will increase over the next three quarters based on what we've written, second half of last year, and then into this year. I think also if we've talked to you and others about the business mix that we're trying to shift. Obviously, more casualty, more property and that will have the opportunity to contribute to overall margin improvements. And then third is something we don't maybe talk enough about is just our underwriting initiatives to improve risk selection, improve our overall margins that is happening in all the businesses. Whether it'd be middle market and Global Specialty or small, so I think we have all the initiatives in place that will build throughout the year. Both on our loss ratio and our expense ratio, we didn't get additional leverage to that demonstrates and I see it in our numbers that we will achieve the goals that we set out for the year.
Chris Swift: Yes, I would have Mo maybe add his color, but I would say it's a diversified book, it's a diversified book of property and casualty. We've been in it, it's obviously up since we've acquired Navigators, it's a very thoughtful team, a very thoughtful approach. But it does contribute to growing our property, which I think we shared with you is a key initiative and Global Re this quarter basically grew its premium base over last year about 21% with 30% pricing improvement in property. So it's a U.S. book, it does have a little bit of global exposure. But I think it's performing very well and it's going to contribute.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would say in Global Specialty, it's just got to take public company D&O out, because it's such an outlier and I don't than it give you a couple of data points, both in our international and domestic public company D&O public company books, which it's about $200 million of gross premium. I mean, rates are negative 20% or greater. So when I think, I've sort of our book and business mix in total. I'll give you another stat, it's in our investor slides that we put out there. But Commercial Lines ex-comp pricing is up 6.8%. But if I exclude the public company P&L that 6.8 goes to 7.7 and that's 7.7% is well in excess of our long-term. Cost of goods sold increases that we're expecting, so we still have a meaningful healthy margin, if you included. It's meaningful about 100 basis points and if you exclude public company D&O that probably goes up to 200 basis points of spread. So you put it all together and it is a pressure point, it's a small line of business. But that's why, you probably see that we're being very sensitive on how much we right, we're willing to let business go that doesn't meet our hurdle rates, which will impact the top line, but it will protect the bottom line.
Chris Swift: So, Alex. I think we've talked at year-end about frequency and severity trends. I would just reiterate. right in-line with our expectations. Maybe even slightly better on the severity side and I think we've talked about that. The trend on severity when we price for initially reserve for 5%. But last year and then continuing into this year, we're outperforming that. And we do have a frequency expectation that it will improve or a negative frequency, but we're not providing that data on a granular basis.
Chris Swift: Yes, David, happy to talk through that. The best way we can. I would start by saying is year-over-year and compared to our expectations are generally right in-line, right. So if you want to quibble about a 10th of a point or two 10th of a point. Okay, but I'm not. And so again is always going to be put and takes, but from the year-over-year, we're offsetting the headwind in comp with other margin expansion in other lines of business. And it's sort of across the board and it's once in two 10ths here and there, but again that gives us confidence that, that we have the ability to continue that throughout the year, the rest of the year. And again I would just point out particularly in property. As we are really focused on growing our property book, and I think we've talked about it. We've got about $2 billion of commercial lines property book. We grew that first-quarter over first-quarter, as I said 18%. And if I look at pricing, particularly in our Standard Commercial Lines pricing is up 12%, wholesale is up 24%, Global Retail is up 30%. So we are getting a meaningful lift in property and that's going to mix in and will help the overall margins. I would say again, our general liability and casualty and specialty casualty lines, our industry verticals in certain areas are also running high-single digits to low-double digits with price increases, which will contribute. We are feeling a little pressure as I said in public company D&O and also a little pressure in our excess casualty book primarily construction. And I would say there's two primary reasons for that pressure both top line and then a little bit on pricing is, competition is moving in there and then there's fewer projects that's taking longer to get financing lined up for it. So it's a little bit of a perfect storm for some pressure there, but we're going to remain disciplined and try to protect our margins there. So those are the components, I put together, David. And I hope you were able to follow that.
Chris Swift: Greg. I would add is, there are differences in relationships on the primary side versus the access side. We're primarily access players and towers, you do have a little bit more flexibility to come and go, which as most said, it creates the opportunity for new capital and new entrants to come in. Let's see a little bit more stability on the primary side, but that's just my point of view.
Chris Swift: Yes. I would have. Expected to be able to do the math on that, but that's all I'm prepared to say at this point in time. You can see the premium waiving you can see the history. I think you can make a reasonable estimate
Mo Tooker: Maybe just to add, this is Mo. I think we feel particularly good about the lines outside of public D&O. I think we're growing the marine book at nice rates for wholesale auto, wholesale property books. Those are all really additive to the margin expansion, that Chris is talking about.
Mo Tooker: Well I mean, the Florida Tort Reform is obviously a welcome development to help contribute to making Florida more trouble and stable state, whether it'd be some of the statutes that we're provided, there are one-way attorney's fees being limited, contributory negligence, shortening sort of period that you could file suit. So all that is positive. I think if you're at -- if you're really asking the question, is there any short-term impacts on potential elevated litigation in suits being filed, we don't think so. And if it is controlled and contained within our loss picks, particularly in our BI bucket.
Mo Tooker: No, I just say on liability we continue to and this is going back two or three years now, we've been working really hard on the segmentation and making sure we're looking at the right jurisdictions, thinking about attachment points, thinking about our limits management. So I think there's a pretty aggressive strategy that we use over the past couple of years to stay ahead of some of the trends that we're seeing now, which refers back to when Chris talks about underwriting initiatives, those are the types of things that he is talking about.
Stephanie Bush: Chris. I think you framed it well. Elyse, our strategy remains unchanged at rate adequacy, focused towards achieving profitability in 2024 and our prevail launch. So the 10 points would you see sequentially over the prior quarters is a meaningful step-change. And again the rate, the 18 plus that we have approved those filings, it's truly a reflection of the rate that we're getting and how that will work its way through the book. And as Beth and Chris alluded to in their prepared remarks. What we observed in the first quarter has already been contemplated and put into our rate filings. So it's a dynamic process and one that we're working hard on every single day, but that gives us confidence.
Stephanie Bush: Yes, I would agree with that. I mean, we regularly stress all aspects of our business and evaluate our overall capital levels and take that into consideration when we execute on our share repurchases and so forth. And sitting here today, as you can see from our results, we're continuing on path that we've been on and feel very good with the overall strength of the balance sheet.
Stephanie Bush: It's a terrific question. It's a phenomenal franchise. As Beth stated 11 quarters in a row with a sub 90 underlying combined ratio, record-breaking new business growth, all lines growing, stable retention, strong pricing, ex-work comp and we're incredibly skilled at the workers' compensation line, successfully navigate historically through multiple economic scenarios. We really are the standard for ease accuracy and consistency in this space. And our agents have come to expect a seamless digital experience that values their time and provides the right coverage for their clients. So we just really believe, we have the winning formula for this space. Our greatest competition is ourselves and we're off to a tremendous start. And as Chris mentioned, we're pacing towards another milestone of $5 billion.
Stephanie Bush: Sure E&S binding and small business, a terrific story, it's a wonderful and attractive addition to our overall franchise. And candidly, it's opened up another $7.5 billion of the addressable market for us and we're focused on growing the property and liability lines. We're very pleased with the results. It's a growing and accretive portion of our business and expect that to grow meaningfully over time. So it's a it's a terrific offering, we have tremendous wholesale relationships and it's just allowing us to be to create more capability and offering in the total small business universe. Thank you.
Stephanie Bush: Yes, actually doing it wrong. Okay, yes, Josh, actually doing it wrong, we yes, we'll help you out. We paid the Boy Scouts settlement last week in April, so the Boy Scout settlement is not in the first quarter numbers that you're looking at and we have that disclosed in our 10-Q.
Stephanie Bush: Our growth comes from a variety of sources both organic new business starts and various industries we track. Prior carrier and current carrier where we're getting the business problem and it's pretty widespread. So we are we find those opportunities and capitalize on them.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, Chris, good morning. I guess first question -- thank you for the additional commercial real estate disclosure. I mean, I'm sure you and most analysts have done a lot of questions on that asset class. I'm now just curious, is there a scenario and appreciative that it's been a very profitable and remains a very profitable asset class, but is there a scenario where it would make prudent sense to ever hold back on capital management a bit, if stress and pockets of that asset class were to persist or get worse or that just you guys have had the granularity as it just not -- does that does not make makes sense given maybe the headlines are worse than the reality. Thanks.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. And my follow-up, you guys have touched on this in prior calls, but the Small Commercial New business momentum has continued and any changing dynamics there that allowed Hartford to win even more is just kind of the normal, Bob that you guys are known for doing so well and any changing dynamics there would be helpful. Thanks.
Mike Zaremski: If I could, just a direct follow-up on this. You've mentioned E&S and I think the last couple of calls in regards to Small Commercial. Is that a new initiative like there or is that just happened open up a new TAM that for small commercial E&S like the likes of Kyndryl are in? Or just any color there would be great? Thank you very much.
