Susan Spivak: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on fourth quarter 2022 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related materials on our website. For the call today, our participants today are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; and Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; Mo Tooker, Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty. Just a final few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and the financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Susan Spivak: Thank you. Operator, we have about 30 minutes for questions. Could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Alex. I apologize to those we didn't get to your questions, but we are here all day and we'll reach out and follow-up with you. And thank you all for joining us.
Chris Swift: Brian, thanks for the question. Thanks for joining. You are right. I mean the Hartford Next program is contributing to our overall efficiency and effectiveness and it does have about a half a point benefit in – as we head into 2023. The second part of your question is, do you see any challenges to executing on that as we sit here today? No. I mean, I think that's a good assumption, if I understood your question correctly.
Chris Swift: I think Brian you picked up on one of our key strategic initiatives over really the last five years to be a bigger property writer. Maybe it's not known by you, sort of firsthand, but we have about $3 billion of property premium, including homeowners premium of about 1 billion. So, it is an area of focus. It's an area of growth for us. We do operate on the small end with a [bi-product] [ph] in middle and large, and we also have developed an E&S property capability. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have some assumed reinsurance property exposures around the world. So, it is on a primary basis an area we're leaning into. That will ultimately help continue to diversify our book of business so that we're a more balanced organization going forward. So, yes, it is a focus of ours going forward.
Chris Swift: Yes, thank you for the question. Michael. I alluded to some of this in my prepared remarks, so I will try to connect the dots maybe a little bit better. But as we define, sort of renewal pricing combination of pure net rate and then exposure growth with additional workers, I mean that's likely to be flat at best to slightly negative. And if you overlay, sort of our consistent long-term medical cost inflation of five points and a frequency assumption that is generally consistent with our longer-term trends, I mean that will have a negative impact on our combined ratio. And I sized it about a half a point in relation to our overall commercial lines, new combined ratio. I think the other hand, though, you've got to connect the dots, again, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are getting good net rate in auto property, particularly and the expense efficiencies that more than offsets that half a point of decline. And really at the point, if I really measure it more precisely, we see 0.5 point of commercial lines improvement year-over-year.
Chris Swift: Thanks for joining us, Elyse. I would say, you're right. The NII is a big component, particularly coming off just – if the interest rate moves in our fixed income portfolio, but as Beth also said, we do expect lower alternative returns this year. But I do think that there is underlying margin improvement in our commercial book of business that maybe is underappreciated. And I would explain that the guidance that we set, I think is prudent as thoughtful, as reactive of the conditions that we have, but we have a high degree of confidence of achieving, particularly at the midpoint. So, from there then, we played to outperform. And I think we've got a good track record of outperforming over time. And that's the mission next year. So, the guidance says what it is and it does imply really when I really measured on a refined basis, about 50 basis points of improvement, but I don't think we're going to be done from there. And all that goes into our views of what our overall ROEs will be next year, including our buyback and programs.
Chris Swift: Yes, thank you for joining us today, Jimmy. Again, as I said in my opening remarks, I mean, the trends there are some modest level of deterioration in our combined ratios, principally due to the pricing environment set by various regulators in the experience that the industry has had, I think you're really asking is, when do you see a turn and that's a hard question to ask. But I think the components of a turn in pricing are starting to emerge, particularly as we get through the pandemic period where frequencies were just down due to less economic activity, less work in general, and those usually, the look back period is three years on rate filing. So, if you think of experience in 2019, 2021 that starts to leave your rate filings in 2024. So, I'm optimistic that there can be some at least reversal of negative price trends coming out of NCCI or other rating bureaus to allow maybe modest price increases sometime in 2024 heading into 2025.
Chris Swift: But Jimmy, just to tie it all together, I would expect on a year to year over basis expenses to be relatively flat.
Chris Swift: Again, thanks for the question. Andrew, I would say it's always better to be best-in-class at anything. So, I'm going to disappoint you and say that look, there's a lot of detail we provided. There's a lot of metrics that you could try and get laid on to just focus on a sub line with really nuanced details from an operating side. All I said is, I really do think the rate, the net rate and the rate then that we get from increasing exposures. So, the exposure that acts like rate is going to be negative next year, slightly negative. And that's all I was saying.
Chris Swift: Yes. Thank you for joining us, David. I will just be clarifying – the trends that I talked about on the loss cost side were relatively flat and stable year-over-year. Medical severity at 5, I didn't give you a frequency number or not, but those trends are fairly consistent. What changed though is, sort of net rate and exposure, that [excess rate] [ph], that is going to be down slightly year-over-year into a slight negative territory. On the wage indemnity side, it's sort of a self-balancing equation from my perspective. We charge more. We collect more as salaries go up and it's sort of a natural hedge for increasing indemnity payments that we get to collect upfront. And then there's a little bit of medical severity benefit because only 50% of loss content in workers' comp is wage. So, that's what I would share with you.
Chris Swift: I would say half-and-half. So, the point of buying ratio improvement in commercial lines year-over-year at the point from expense, at the point from margin. That's what we're confident we're going to achieve. [In place for upside] [ph] in the quarter as we execute during the year.
Chris Swift: David, sorry, I was on mute. I was going to say no. I think you've misinterpreted a half a point of expense ratio improvement and a half a point of loss ratio improvement and feel highly confident on that. Half a point of, I'll call it loss ratio improvement. And we're going to play for upside from there. Again, highly confident of achieving, sort of those midpoints and we're going to aim to overachieve during the year.
Beth Costello: Yes. The only other thing I would add, I mean, it is up just a tenth of a point, if you look at what our guidance was last year. And as a reminder, we've been talking about we've been taking rate in the property book. So that obviously is there to mitigate some of the cost pressures that you referred to. And then again, as Chris commented on, our structure of our cat program not changed significantly.
Beth Costello: Yes. So Elyse, yes, you're right. The dividends from group benefits are increasing. I would characterize that as, sort of kind of getting back to normal. The last couple of years they've been lower because obviously the statutory results have been impacted by the higher mortality losses. So, we're kind of getting to more of our normal run rate, which we had contemplated when we evaluated the size of the update that we did to our share repurchase authorization. So, I would call the increases just totally in line and we're going to continue to execute on the plan that we have.
Beth Costello: I think you captured it well. I mean, it's an asset class that we've been slowly increasing allocation to. And as Chris said, continue to look to do that, but really not in a meaningful change in the overall construct of our portfolio, but as you said, it's an asset class that we've been very pleased with.
Beth Costello: Yes. So, we have experienced some large losses that have come through in that book that as we've closed the last several quarters we've decided to increase our reserves there. It is a line also that we're looking very closely at from a rate perspective and continuing to re-underwrite and look at the risks that we're putting on. So, nothing specific that I'd point to, but we have had just a few large losses that we’ve reacted to as we made our quarter-end judgments on reserves.
Beth Costello: Yes, the only thing maybe I'll – just to clarify, one item as Chris said, it's a [pretax trend] [ph], right? When we think about the trend relative to loss, we're not making a change year-over-year, but again, as you said, medical severity with 5 points, some of the other items that he referenced wouldn't result in negative trend. So, from a pure loss cost perspective, you'd expect some increase, but all the other components that Chris talked about then also affect overall results.
