Christopher John Swift: Well, thank you. I think just the context on that is, yes, we are pleased with what we're seeing in Talcott, both in Japan and the U.S. as far as increased lapses. I think what we said in our Investor April Day, it remains true today, is that we do expect to take dividends out of Talcott in early 2015 or possibly late 2014. But do -- surrenders do help? No doubt about it. But I think we'd like to see where they sort of normalize out on a basis going forward, and we'll revise our thinking probably in early '14. And once we do, we'll let you know if we have any changes to our dividend plans.
Christopher John Swift: Mark, it's Chris. I'm not sure who talked about it. But I think the context maybe just for this year's study, is if you particularly look at some of the items that we've taken already, meaning like the Japan DAC write-off in the first quarter due to expanded hedging, when I look at the assumption update, I see very minor GAAP and stat impacts, just given some of the things we've already dealt with. I think as we look out net-net, higher surrenders will most likely -- I'm hedging a little bit, but most likely be positive on a GAAP and stat basis. But we're in the midst of that study, but I generally don't expect any material surprises, charges as we complete that study, Mark.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I would say a combination of that, and then just the early read into July's performance. So I would say July was pretty volatile and some of our alternative allocations actually went negative for July. So as we look really at the remaining 2 months, August and September, Jay, we just are heavily influenced by what we're seeing through June and July.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I understand the question, and all I could tell you is when we study our process -- I mean, you know it's a comprehensive ground up process where we'd look at detailed coverage charge on our individual insurers and see the entire picture. We react to, I'll call it, the new data that we're seeing. And as I -- we wrote about in the queue, we're seeing just a little uptick in frequency compared to prior year, and again, modest severity. So there's no fundamental trends that are different this year. It's still a peripheral issue for us. I would say that plaintiff counsel has continued to be expansive in some of their theories. So as I really sit here, honestly, and look at, I'll call it, our reserves, look at our survival ratios, I mean, I feel good about what we'd reacted to this year and what we're seeing and we've made our best estimate. But as you know, it's awful hard to predict where this is going to go 2, 3 years out. And all I could tell you is, well, we do our best job every year and make the appropriate adjustments that we see are needed.
Christopher John Swift: John, it's Chris. I understand your point. Again, I think the context is, as we explained in Investor Day, particularly in Japan, that we are really sort of market-neutral at that point for Japan. So as our hedging losses -- as we hedge, I mean, the hedging losses are virtually offset entirely by gains in our MCV. And as we looked at results this quarter, that pattern, all the -- exactly the same. So that our hedging programs, as I said, are working as designed. We're hedging the economics. We took risk off the table completely in Japan. And that's a change from the first quarter where we were still under our tail hedge program. So the losses might seem large, but I can tell you that it was virtually offset by an increase in our MCV.
Christopher John Swift: John, as I just roll forward, I'll call it, second quarter to the third quarter, I think the 2 big items are lower partnership alternative returns and lower Talcott earnings. I think if I look at Doug's book of business in Commercial, I don't see that much seasonality. I think Andy probably has a little bit more with driving patterns, weather patterns. So I would say that there's some, but I wouldn't describe it as ordinarily immaterial. The more seasonalities in the second quarter with obviously a higher cats, and you saw our cat load for the quarter. So it's me, it's Talcott and it's just lower partnership returns which, again, we're reacting to data that we've seen through July here.
Christopher John Swift: Brian, I think in my guidance and hopefully on the slide, I know it is. We described the ESV expenses for the third quarter estimated to be lower at $7 million after tax.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Again, it's -- I think Beth expects. And she could describe it, the take rate at 30%. Yes, we see the sort of -- a dissipation of that take rate, so we don't think it's going to increase material -- materially going forward. So $5 million, $3 million a quarter probably -- is probably a better number going forward.
Beth A. Bombara: Sure, thank you. So as both Liam and Chris said, we've been very pleased with the success of the ESV program. And we plan to continue to evaluate the potential for other types of programs, and we'd expect that we would continue to be very targeted in how we would look at those. I'd also point out, there are other things that we're doing, as it relates to just managing the book and looking at ways to reduce the risk. So we are in the process right now of utilizing certain provisions at our contracts to increase writer fees, to turn off some investment options for subsequent payments or transfer of funds, as well as enforcing, in some limited situations, investment allocation restrictions.
Beth A. Bombara: Okay. Yes, so let me give you a little bit of color on the surrender rate. If we look back over the last several months, so as we said, 34.8% for the quarter. But if you look at it by month, in April we were running at about 23%. May, we spiked up to 50%. June was at 29.5%. And as Chris said, for July, we're running at about 30%. So it's hard for us to predict at to what levels things will level off at. But we are seeing that as markets continue to improve and as markets stay at these levels, the activity rates continue to be high.
Beth A. Bombara: So when we look at the -- where the lapses are coming from, it really is once we see the account value exceed the guarantee. And I would say, it's very sensitive right at that -- right when we get to that 100% level. So that is where we see the increase a little bit, maybe, when they're in that 95% to 100%, but it really is when they cross that line. So as markets continue to improve, and we just see more and more of the book, and it's hitting that point, that's where we're seeing the surrenders come from.
Beth A. Bombara: No, Liam, I think you said it very well. Our view of the ways that we look to manage this block have not changed, and we'll continue to look at solutions that are in the best interest of shareholders.
Beth A. Bombara: Yes, on your last comment, no, we do not -- have not seen any issues that relate to regulators with the activities that we have underway. Our process, I think, is very transparent. And we continue to be very clear with our policyholders as to what their options are, and we will continue to do that.
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, this is Doug. So a few comments. One is the overall Standard Commercial is generally flat, so we were 8% in the quarter, and I think that's about where we were in first quarter. I did give you some commentary about Middle Market versus Small. And in the Middle Market, we were off sequentially a point or so from first quarter, but still very strong at 8%. So I think you've got to get inside the markets to understand that. And we feel good about that progress, and given the amount of positive change we've had the last couple of years, feel good about sustained margin improvement. The question about new business, we had a good new business quarter and our overall Middle Market growth up a touch. It's -- my comment was, it's the first quarter we've seen growth in the Middle Market in quite some time. We have done a lot of work, particularly in our worker's comp book, but we feel like a lot of that work is behind us and we're looking good about moving forward.
Douglas G. Elliot: So we refined our approach to calculations just slightly. And first, I would say that the overall trends are very consistent throughout the periods but have moved to more an effective policy-month basis, which means that we continue to follow policies and we'll adjust accordingly on mid-term cancels, and cancels flat out an extended period and push the results back into prior periods. So with those changes, from time-to-time, you'll have some slight deviations from prior periods, and I think it's a much more effective, more accurate way for us to watch the book of business performing.
Douglas G. Elliot: Good question, Mark, this is Doug. So keep in mind, inside Specialty, there really are 3 very different books of business. Our national casualty book, which essentially is an excess casualty book, well performing at our targets. We had a good quarter of new business. And again, those targets, the target combined ratios for 10% to 15% return are much higher than our normal Standard or Small Commercial targets. They're in excess of 105% and they move based on yield levels. So that's why the overall segment will never perform at a combined ratio equal to Middle, because they've got different targets. Secondly, our financial product book. Over the last couple of years, we've done a lot of work, and that book has really shaped nicely over the last couple of years, as we've moved away from some of the larger financial institution business. And as you saw, we had a release in quarter, so we feel good about that book of business. And then in the programs area, there are about 50 programs and we've worked our way through all those 50 programs. And in some cases, we're taking very aggressive corrective strategies, in some cases, exit. I'll share with you that in the specialty auto programs, where we've had some degree of pain over the last couple of years, essentially are exiting those programs, have largely nonrenewed those blocks. So we've taken some balance sheet work in the quarter, where we strengthen reserves, and I think underwriting lies. We're in a much better spot moving forward.
Douglas G. Elliot: Yes, I think that's very accurate -- definitely accurate on the auto liability programs. And obviously, as we shift our way through the rest, we'll spend more time. But much better shape of that overall book of business than a year ago.
Douglas G. Elliot: Sure, Jimmy, this is Doug. Let's start on disability and just give you a sense on where that cycle is. We started repricing the disability book in the early part of 2011. But I would say probably more the second quarter into the third quarter did it pick up quite a bit of steam, which is why I made the comment today that the January 2014 block really does largely complete that cycle. So we're working, as you know, in the midst of that as we speak. And hopeful that we'll see a continued rational environment, which is how I described kind of the marketplace we're competing in today with Group. In the commercial auto space, we have seen some dynamics of severity and weakness in performance across really our middle and small books, and have been working aggressively on those strategies, if you will. Obviously, I've talked a lot about the program space, and those reiterating actions are well underway. But it's an area that has caught our attention, and I would say for the last year or so, we've really spent a lot of time focused there. And I feel like our behavior is clearly in line with improving trends that we're starting to see. And also the fact that we are, state-by-state, looking at our rate adequacy in certain places taking rate, we're moving our rate to the extent we need to move.
Douglas G. Elliot: No. Certainly, the development has been concentrated in our program group. I think it's more of a go-forward look at the trends coming at us and making sure that we're out in front of those trends from a pricing perspective, that are margins are improving in auto the same way they are across other lines of business.
Douglas G. Elliot: So Randy, the workers' comp question is a complicated one, and I would just ask you to think about the different dynamics across our markets. In the case of Small Commercial, where we're clearly a leader, our rate adequacies and our performance has been excellent. We look forward and still see tremendous opportunity. And so as we grew in the quarter, I feel good about the quarter and good about our returns. In the middle, we've made material changes, and our performance has improved greatly. And I would describe the overall adequacy of the product and the opportunities as much enhanced today versus where they would have been a year ago and certainly 2 years ago. And one of the reasons that we grew in the quarter is that we're feeling slightly better about the rate adequacies across that overall book, including comp. So yes, we'll be looking at opportunities moving forward. We're clearly looking at those opportunities on an all lines basis, where comp is a part of it, but not the only product we'll be offering. And I feel good about our opportunities as we get those competencies really lined up and well in good shape to compete in the marketplace effectively.
Douglas G. Elliot: So there's several key states. Obviously, the big 4 or 5 are states that we spend a lot of time on, California, New York, Texas, et cetera. But all those states have their own nuances. And I would just point out, in the case of New York State, with what looks like an improved workers' comp pricing filing coming through. We're feeling better about the opportunity for us to do a little bit more in New York. So all those states have very state-specific strategies. Their class strategies are overlaid across the states, and I think it would be a little bit unfair for me to characterize across the top in terms of exactly California. But we're feeling much better about the adequacy and the performance of our book and feel like we're clearly a little bit more in an offensive zone than we have been over the last couple of years.
Douglas G. Elliot: That's certainly the way we think about it. Yes, we looked at our histories. I think you know the law changed, and we put up the $80 million to deal with what we think will be the impact for our understanding of essentially the fact that 25-A goes away.
