Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Andy. Thanks to Doug and Chris as well. As you heard from our comments, this was a good quarter for The Hartford and a strong end to a transformational year, and we all feel very good about our progress in the ongoing businesses. So operator, let's turn it now over to Q&A.
Liam E. McGee: Yes, about 90% of the stranded costs, Tom, that were not transferred to the buyers will be out by the end of this calendar year, the other 10% will come out early in the first quarter. And then, and I will -- I want to be very clear on this. We have this down to the dollar, to the head. We know exactly where it's coming from. We have a very disciplined plan. Yes, this will occur.
Liam E. McGee: Well, clearly, the high level, and I'm sure Chris and Doug may have some -- their own perspectives, Tom. At a high level, prima fascia, the economics of the book have improved very significantly. And as I commented, I think the general market consensus is the yen, as it relates to dollar and euro, is likely, worse case, to stay where it is and perhaps even weaken further. So the economics are better. I think you're well aware that our hedging program is very dynamic. And so as the yen weakens, it enables us to take more risks, if you will, which gives us a greater upside. And clearly, as I commented and Chris reiterated in his remarks, the improving economics should give us a greater ability to consider potential derisking transactions either to reduce the risk or permanently move the risk. So I think, from all those perspectives, and ultimately, as these things annuitize, and if they annuitize at these kind of values over the next 4 years, that's also attractive to us from an economic and cash flow perspective. So I think we're quite encouraged by this. I think that the magnitude of the reduction and the net amount of risk, I think, does give shareholders a view of -- with more normal yen-dollar, yen-euro, the economics are much more manageable for us.
Liam E. McGee: Tom, this is Liam. Just one final comment I make. I think the ability to purchase effectively the same protection on our macro hedge at half or less of our historic cost, I hope it is an indication to investors on how far along our risk management has come in the last year.
Liam E. McGee: Well, you're correct, Jay, that, first of all, we presented management and the board's capital management plan, and work collaboratively with our regulators, and we're gratified that they approved the plan that we presented to them. I'll just go back to the concept, which I think I've been very consistent about over the last 3 quarters, is, first of all, we are going to do share repurchases, the $0.5 billion that we have outlined, which clearly will be accretive for shareholders. Second of all, we will reduce the holding company debt by $1 billion. A couple of additional perspectives, as I make on that. First of all, as you recall, The Hartford, during the financial crisis, significantly levered up, number one. Second of all, the foregone earnings from the sold businesses require us to delever a little bit. And third, we do want, we've said all along that we want to be more of a P&C centric, a leading P&C-oriented company, and we want to get our leverage down, as Chris and I both said, in the low 20s and our debt service coverage up in that 5 to 6 range, also accretive for shareholders. $55 million reduction in our interest cost as well. I've always been clear that it was likely that we were going to preserve capital in our life subsidiaries, which I think is even more important now with the improving markets that we just discussed with Tom when transactions, whether it'd be customer offers either in the U.S. or Japan, potential permanent transactions or other risk reduction transactions, may be more available and we want to be ready to act as soon as those things present themselves. So I think this is a very thoughtful, balanced plan. It is very friendly to shareholders. And that third element of being able to either reduce or permanently eliminate VA liabilities is also very good for shareholders. I think you'd agree. So I think it's thoughtful, it's balanced. We feel very good about it. And I remind you, as I said, I think Chris alluded to it, our intention particularly with the historic capital generating ability of our go-forward businesses, as well as what we expect will be some success reducing or permanently eliminating VA liabilities of these market values, our intention is to continue to have a consistent capital management approach of returning excess capital as appropriate to our shareholders. But this is our plan now for '13 and '14, and we feel good about it.
Liam E. McGee: John, our commitment was -- we've all been associated with selling businesses and not getting the costs out. Our commitment was we're going to get all the costs out, and so we're -- that's why we've been so clear about it. And again, I'll reiterate, we're very disciplined about it in the company. Those -- this will be a cost neutral exercise at the end of the day.
Liam E. McGee: John, I think at a high level, we're going to give you some more details in ROE in April. I think '13 is a year where if we see ROE increase, it will be very modest. The real increase in ROE is going to occur in '14 -- in '14 and 15. We'll show you that. You should expect pretty significant increases in ROE in '14 and '15. But with all the moving parts, the kick-in over time of the capital management actions, the loss of the earnings, and as Chris said, a bit of a lag in getting the costs out and we've increased our CAT load as well. I think '13 is a year where if we see ROE increase, it will be modest.
Liam E. McGee: I think I'll just go back to what I said. We're really working -- management working with our board. I believe this is the most prudent, balanced approach. All 3 elements of it are very accretive for shareholders. And for the reasons that I noted, both the amount of leverage that the company added during the crisis, the earnings loss from the sold businesses and our desire to get a balance sheet that is consistent with our go-forward strategy of being a P&C-centric company, as Chris -- I think, as Chris has noted, the $1 billion was the right number. We thought $0.5 billion was the appropriate number for buybacks. I think, as Chris has said, we'll be pretty methodical about that. And then lastly, I think, for reasons that should be even more apparent now, preserving incremental capital in the life subsidiaries to potentially do the most accretive thing, which is to either reduce or eliminate VA, and particularly Japan VA risk, we thought was a really good balance, and as I said earlier, I feel really good about the plan. And then I'd reiterate for the reasons that I said earlier, we -- Chris and I intend to have a consistent capital management approach of returning excess capital as appropriate to shareholders going forward once this plan is complete.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Jay, I think that's a big leap to assume that's the case. Just because we haven't done one, it doesn't mean it's more or less challenging than those that have been done, number one. We certainly are well aware of the unique characteristics of certainly, the Sun Life transaction have been done for a while and what we've learned of the Cigna transaction. And again, I don't think it's appropriate for us to talk about the nature of discussions that we may be having. So what I can say is what I think Chris and I and Beth have said pretty repeatedly, as you can assume, we're talking to the parties we should be talking to or the advisers we should be talking to, and if there's a transaction that makes sense for us and for shareholders, we'll do it.
Christopher John Swift: Sure. Happy to, Tom. I think just to remind everyone, we had an $850 million total plan and we think about $500 million is already out with the transactions plus cuts we made at the end of 2012. We have $285 million to take out this year. I would say that it is more back-ended because there is a little bit of an expense drag in the first couple quarters primarily. So it's hard to slope precisely, but I would make -- weight more the expense saves. It will start to come out in the second half for the year.
Christopher John Swift: Tom, those are the gross saves that we need to achieve that we set for ourselves in essence to make up for the lost revenue. So I don't think of it as all dropping to the bottom line, or a very little dropping to the bottom line, in fact, because those are -- revenues and expenses have gone away, and that is the corporate overhead we need to cut in essence to maintain our existing revenue streams. Now there is an incremental goal. In there, you have about a written [ph] $80 million that will improve margins overall. But the vast majority was to cut our overhead expenses in relation to revenues that are going away.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I think you're right on, Liam. And I think, Tom, also, I think the April Investor Day, the real intent is to dive deeper with Beth and her team into exactly some of those questions, how we see these blocks running off, policyholder behavior, sensitivities, more economic values. So stay tuned. But we'll try to be much more clear of why we think the net economics of these blocks are improving significantly, as Liam said.
Christopher John Swift: Not related to the currency. That reference, I thought the words that I used were macro hedged. So as the macro equity protection that -- with Bob Rupp and the team, we just made much more economics virtually for the same amount of coverage. So we cheapened up that program, and the risk management techniques of managing Japan is still our dynamic program, where we manage interest rates, currency and equity dynamically.
Christopher John Swift: Again, I think, we could give you general views but we'd like to spend a little bit more time with you in April -- so we save that for April, and we could be more scenario specific, and then you could see the effects of the hedging programs and the economics that emerge.
Christopher John Swift: No. That -- you think about that as the actual cuts that will happen in 2013, so that's a run rate reduction that will be achieved by the end of '13.
Christopher John Swift: John, I think you're right. We tried to talk about this the last time. We think of sort of $6.6 billion as the new beginning normal, $4 billion for the life statutory surplus. Of that, approximately $1.5 billion, it would be, I'll call it, allocated to Group Benefits, and there's a little bit allocated to the reinsurance sort of recoverables from our transaction. So that's how we think about it. And then, we have obviously the holding company liquidity also. But from a statutory bluebook side, that's how we think about it.
Christopher John Swift: It's a definition of meaningful. It is improved, and I would say, particularly, if the trend continues, it can be meaningful. But it is a definite improvement, and again, something we could talk more about in April, and we plan to. So if you could let us update our complete models and present them to you, I think that would be very helpful.
Christopher John Swift: I'm more positive on it, particularly at these market levels and condition. You've always heard us talk about the low interest rates and sort of the constraints that, that has and some of the additional liabilities we put up at the end of the year. But I would say, there's more tailwind mark to have a modest expansion in statutory surplus going forward in '13. Beyond that, a lot depends just on market conditions and policyholder behavior. But I'm encouraged with the potential to do increase in gross surplus in 2013.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I would say I'm not hesitating, I'm just trying to quantify it from a range. I mean, it's in the range of a couple hundred million we could generate from the VA book over time. And then I'd remind you, that the life -- the Group Benefit operations are also in there, but we do have some interest sensitive liabilities that will still feel some pressure from interest rates. So I'm trying to be balanced on the positives but still, the existing pressure on certain blocks of business.
Christopher John Swift: Right. The dynamic for both pieces, Japan and, I'll call it, the U.S., I would say, are generally remain consistent. And we've talked generally about it in total, about 40 bps for both programs.
Christopher John Swift: The macro, we just said, was $75 million to $100 million in annual spend. I mean, I think you could do the translation, which less is coming down. But the dynamic program for the U.S. VA block and the Japan block still is in -- around 40 bps.
Christopher John Swift: I'd rather not be too specific. It really involves a tender process. So we're going to be active here in the near term, but we are looking at trying to reduce that debt that ultimately is NPV positive compared to any premium that we might pay.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. So the $520 million is the component of the $1 billion, and then the rest would come to reducing the amount that we will tender for.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. Thank you for your perspective. I think, as Liam said, we do feel good with the overall plan on debt and equity, the priorities and sort of the amounts that we're starting with. Consistency portion is important to us. I think to your specific point, I think, you just need to keep in context that we're still managing large risk positions in our runoff block. And so we're looking...
Christopher John Swift: Yes, but we're still managing to stress scenarios. That would indicate that we still need to move capital and liquidity around the organization if those stress scenarios emerge. So I understand your perspective when you see it. But when you stress the organization the way we share with the regulators and the rating agencies, the plan that we adopted is still the prudent one for 2013 and as we head into 2014.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, I would add a little color that -- and Liam's right. I mean, we're -- Beth and the team are very proactive. But as we've talked about it, the book really has 3 components, Japan, VA, U.S. VA and a big fixed block of annuities. Those characteristics are different so there isn't going to be one holistic transaction that just sort of says, yes, here it is. I think, structurally, we have some short-term limitations given that we write the Group Benefits business in life legal entities. And if you look at the deal besides the Cigna deal that you referenced, those involved legal entities, where acquirers wanted legal entities and structures to absorb. We can't do a legal entity deal right now until we deal with the Group Benefit business and where it's being written. So there are some short-term constraints. But over the long-term, you ought to think in terms of what we're thinking along those 3 blocks in trying to have buyers that have appetite for Japanese exposures, U.S. VA exposures and fixed annuity exposures here in the U.S.
Christopher John Swift: Erik, I would estimate that the core P&C business would generate about $900 million of statutory surplus. I would estimate that the Group Benefits business would generate approximately $100 million to $125 million. And then what we did with our life Mutual Funds operations, moved it up to the life holding company. I would say that the cash-based earnings that we could have access to, thereabout $75 million.
Christopher John Swift: I think what I would just like to share, Erik, is that the Group Benefits business is strategically important to us. It's written in 2 life legal entities currently, and we're figuring out what is the right structure going forward. So there isn't anything sort of an aha here. This is just what legal entity are we going to use to write Group Benefits. And we're going to align it to Doug and his management team going forward. It's just as simple as that.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. We have 3 different U.S. legal entities that write that. And we're looking at, obviously, a lot of different strategies to how to manage legal entities and books of business over the long term. But once -- if we make any changes, we'll let you know, but we're always looking to how to be more efficient with our operating structures, our hedging programs and long-term risk management.
Christopher John Swift: Bob, it's Chris. I would say, we're trying to have a prudent portfolio. We probably favor a Travelers model long term. There are some holdover and transitional issues as we migrate out of some of our life books and assets that were retained or transferred back to us that the buying parties didn't want to have. So I think we'll balance all that out over the next couple of years here. But I think, Brion Johnson and his team at HIMCO have the appropriate mindset to run a P&C and Group Benefit-orientated group going forward. I would say, again, with that Group Benefit business, there are longer duration liabilities that we need to continue to manage there similar to the workers' comp line. So the component could be just slightly different, but think more along the Travelers model long term.
Christopher John Swift: Bob, I'm just trying to get through this month and next month, so I'm not really focusing on '14 yet where it's at. But we'll see if maybe, at Investor Day, we can address that. But I don't have a vision right now for you.
