Chris Swift: Thank you for joining us this morning. Last quarter, I shared that I had never been more excited about the future of The Hartford. Our second quarter results support that optimism. All the components of our strategy are coming together to deliver growth, margin expansion and operating efficiencies. In the second quarter, we reported core earnings of $836 million or $2.33 per diluted share, 8% growth in year-over-year diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI and a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 13.1%. In addition, we returned $694 million to shareholders in the quarter from share repurchases and common dividends. The outstanding financial performance of The Hartford reflects strong execution and success of our strategy to focus on high return businesses where we have market leadership and sustainable competitive advantages. Economic growth, as measured by GDP, reached a record level in the second quarter. And while moderation is expected, the overall trend will remain elevated through 2021. This economic expansion will grow the premium base of our employment-centric businesses and other lines as they benefit from job creation and new business formations. Meanwhile, we are closely monitoring the recent elevated inflation data and remain confident that our loss ratio assumptions are sufficient against this backdrop in 2021. At the same time, we are considering pricing actions as we gauge inflation trends going forward.
Chris Swift: So specifically the personalized, what I shared on my comments and I can I elaborate a little bit more here is that, our auto book is seeing increased miles driven, but not yet had pre-COVID, pre-pandemic levels, right. So we're still slightly better than we were in 2019 as we look through the COVID period, we are conscious of repair costs, we're conscious of all of the dynamics that go into our cost of goods sold, and we think we've made appropriate provisions in our recording of our reserves for second quarter. But yes, we are watching that intensely relative to inflation pressures. Relative to homeowners, I did comment that we also made applicable provisions for labor and material costs. We saw some of those spikes earlier in the year, particularly in the early part of the second quarter, into the mid-second quarter. As we listen to the inflationary expectations, we expect some of those trends will be with us into the third quarter, fourth quarter, but I think that given our trends, our expectations that you're having changed materially and we're on top of our selections and I think we're in good shape as we move into Q3.
Chris Swift: Gary, I actually do think about the answer by segment, I think that small commercial pricing curve is very different, at least it is different in our book of business. We've had an extended period of outstanding returns. So the rate need has not been as clear there. We basically have been rate adequate for an extended period. I want trend, but Gary, a much more moderated cycle and small. The other side of the coin will be to flip into some of these specialty areas that have had significant rate need. And I would call that we're entering to me, Q9, Q10 of that. This really started picking up pace in the second quarter of 2019. And it had some positivity before that. But really eight very strong quarters, from my opinion, in areas that drastically needed that. And we've talked quite at length about some of those drivers of that. And then in the middle, our Middle Market, where you have the cross-section of auto GL property, each of those lines has their own story. We've had, as an industry, very disappointing property results over an extended period, and weather has been a part of it and so have other dynamics. We've had a commercial auto loss ratio and the industry that's been very stubborn. So those lines also have been on seven, eight quarters of positive rate movement. I think there's still more work to be done in that Middle Market area, and I don't think that's a hate comment. I think that's a market comment. I can only see what I can see. But - so I answered your question in three ways. I still think this market has some legs. And as we look at our book, yes, we are much more rate adequate in general across segments of our book, but we also have smaller segments that need some work, and we intend to get after that work as we move through the latter half of 2021.
Chris Swift: Yes. In the dollars, I would say you're right. I mean if you look at it from dollars, but if you are tracking deaths, which I know you are, like we are, I mean the drop is significant. It's - from its peak, I calculated down close to 75%. What I said in my commentary, Gary, is that severity is up, so that if you look at the number of death claims, the average amounts that we're paying, it's up from the beginning of the pandemic fairly significantly, and it's up from the second quarter. I would say we probably had eight or nine large losses above $1 million this quarter. When anyone - we probably had more than that. That was just in June. So we probably had 15 or 20 large losses when you really expect for a month. So you put it all together. And when the younger folks' mortalities increased significantly; working age, they tend to carry larger face amounts, and we're seeing that come through in the dollars. But as I ultimately tried to foreshadow is that, and we've been talking about this consistently, is that the first half of 2021 and the second half is going to be dramatically different. So deaths - daily deaths are continuing to be down, and we do feel a lessening impact of excess mortality in the second half of the year.
Chris Swift: The first, that's a great point, Beth. Thank you for the clarification. The theory could be, Gary that we just had less flu deaths than we seasonally, sort of, expected in the numbers. But clearly, there was a first quarter benefit for all other excess mortality outside of COVID.
Chris Swift: And Doug and I will tag team here. So yes. I think the general comment that inflation is up. You've written about it and others have too. It's fairly self-evident. I think when we looked at our picks and our loss ratio picks, particularly in our property and the homeowners' lines, as Doug described, there's activities that are positive, and there's activities that are headwinds. When we net out all the positives and negatives, positive as being mostly frequency, against the severity pickup, whether it be inflationary or large loss activity, it still nets out where we are picks for home and property on a full year basis, we think are going to hold. So - and Doug, I think that the pricing actions that we've talked about are primarily in the homeowners' line, where we're trying to keep up with inflationary side, particularly on our insured values on Schedule As, and we have some programs and some new things that we've added to keep up with schedule A values.
Chris Swift: Yes. We're watching auto carefully because they - it's been well chronicled auto parts. The timing to get the parts, the labor to put the parts in, a little bit of pressure there. That will obviously matter to severity, and we're watching frequency and severity together. So generally, we've had better frequency patterns that have offset some of the severity dynamics. But we are very tuned into what the inflation curve is going to look like on labor and material for all of our lines. And I think we're in a good spot, but we're - I can't sit here today and say we know exactly how the fourth quarter will drop yet. It's going to take us several quarters to figure that out as data comes in.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Overall, we are very pleased with the results for the quarter and our progress on our priorities to enhance value creation for shareholders. Second quarter core earnings were $836 million or $2.33 per diluted share and up 91% from last year. We had strong performance across all our businesses, excellent investment results and significantly lower COVID losses, as compared to the prior year period. In P&C, the combined ratio of 88.5 improved 8.4 points from the second quarter of 2020, including improvements in both the loss and expense ratios. The expense ratio in the quarter improved by 220 basis points to 31%, reflecting earned premium growth as well as cost savings from Hartford Next and a lower provision for doubtful accounts. In Commercial Lines, we produced an excellent underlying combined ratio of 89.4, which included ex-COVID loss ratio improvement in Middle & Large Commercial and in Global Specialty and expense ratio improvement across all businesses.
Beth Costello: Gary, you of all people know, given your views in writings, the impact, particularly in casualty lines of social inflation is real. So as we talk internally, the need to continue to push for more rate, just knowing that the long-term trends have not been in our favor, whether it be in courts, whether it be in financial lines, whether it be in other casualty related exposures. And then you can't forget that the 10 years at 1.3% these days. So clearly, we've been talking about it for a long time. We're in a lower for longer period of time. We just need a greater contribution from our underwriting component to fuel our returns, and that's what we intend to do.
Beth Costello: The only thing I'd add to that, too, Gary, if you're looking at COVID deaths, just remind you that when we talk about excess mortality, it's all-in excess. It's not just that that have a cause of death that says COVID. And so when we look through our numbers, part of the reason for the - a large part of the revision for first quarter is that that excess non-COVID came in much more favorably than we had anticipated. Our COVID losses came in a little bit better as well, but that was driving the revision. And when we provided our provision for second quarter, we're assuming some of that excess mortality that we anticipated in the first quarter would be there. So when you look through it, the COVID losses that are truly coded as COVID are coming down. It's that excess piece, which, as you know, has been hard to predict. So it's not just for us.
Beth Costello: Yes. I think we've characterized that well, I think on the dividends, Elyse, yeah the range we tightened primarily as it relates to P&C. So we had said that we expect $900 million to $1 billion - $1.1 billion, and now we're at $1 billion to $1.1 billion. So trending on the high side but that's not a significant change there. And I think we're on a good pace. We had said when we announced increase in the program in April that we weren't intending to do it ratably over the period. And I think that the actions we've taken have shown that. So that's all I would add.
Greg Peters: The first question is the outlook for growth in commercial lines. You provided a lot of detail around pricing and retention and the new business successes you've had in the different areas of commercial lines. But Chris, I think in your comments, you said growth - you said moderation is expected. So I guess I'm trying to reconcile what was a really strong second quarter and a positive outlook with those comments.
Greg Peters: That makes sense. I guess my follow-up question would be, in the personalized business. Obviously inflation is high on everyone's list. The courts are reopening. There's cost pressure, and then there's the added pressure from increasing miles frequency. And I was just wondering if you could comment in the context of your second quarter results would you seeing sequential deterioration in some of these markets as you move through the quarter, so that when we get to the third quarter, we might see some continuous erosion as a result of some of the factors I mentioned.
Greg Peters: Just as a follow-up on that Doug. When we talk about homeowners, a lot of the premium levels are set off of replacement costs. Is this - do the inflationary pressures, are they causing any go back and reset what the replacement costs are for your existing enforcer. Maybe you can walk me through how you approach that.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I would say consistent, favorable direction moves on loss ratio. I did mention a couple areas we had volatility and property, so if you think about small commercial and international global specially, a little bit in the quarter volatility that was working against that improvement, but yes, I'm still confident in the long term trend and feel like our experts are all over our reserve pics.
Doug Elliot: Absolutely. And in addition, we're also looking at insured values in our Small Commercial and our Middle Market properties. So in general, Elyse, we are on top of this property issue in terms of value replacement, what it will cost to repair facilities, buildings, et cetera - with what we're feeling through the cost of goods sold.
Doug Elliot: Brian, it is extremely early, but the next 30 days, we jump into that season. So I think maybe one, maybe two states have hit in the last couple of days, but I don't have them pulled apart yet. But I do know over the next 30 to 60 days, most of the states will drop, and how this 2020 year is treated from a COVID perspective, both frequency. And then we've been quite transparent with our workers' comp selections around COVID. The same is not true for all of our competitors. So I don't have a great lens into everybody's reporting actions, but we'll learn more through the MCCI data. And as you know, I think they handled the bureau loss cost for 47 states. So that is a very big component of this country's workers' comp system.
Doug Elliot: Well, economic growth is a good thing for our business. And I would say that is probably partially true. I think it's true by sector. So our pricing algorithms and our underwriting decision points do look at geography. They look at class, they look at sectors of class. So there are new business start-ups that we're interested in writing on a retail basis. And then I would also say there are probably sectors of Small Commercial that better fit E&S. I think that it will be a good thing for our economic engine, and I'm glad you raised the point because we saw some of that in the second quarter, which is why we adjusted our audit premium going forward. But I don't feel like the real labor unlock has occurred yet, and I think that will provide a further spring in the second half.
Doug Elliot: Absolutely, it's been a growing capability both, obviously, in our wholesale sector in Global Specialty, but also our Small Commercial business has a core strategy around working with wholesalers in that E&S space. I would also add, Brian, to your question, leadership and the people that run these businesses, so not all new start-ups are with first-time managers, right? Some of these new start-ups are with the experienced managers that we've known, we've insured in other places. So the start-up number can be a little misleading. And in general, we look at economic formation as a positive to our business.
