Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Roshira. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The press release, supplement and today's slide presentation are on our website as is our second quarter 10-Q, which was filed last night. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift will discuss our results and accomplishments. After which, we will have time for Q&A. In addition to Liam and Chris, several other members of our senior management team are also here today including Doug Elliott, Alan Kreczko, Dave Levenson, Greg Mcgreevey, Andy Napoli and Liz Zlatkus. Please note, as discussed on Page 2 of the presentation that any statements made today concerning The Hartford's future results or actions should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. We assume no obligation to update these statements. You should also consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release, our second quarter 10-Q, 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC. In our presentation, we will use some financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Definitions and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are in the investor financial supplement, press release and 10-Q. I'll now turn the phone over to Liam.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Chris. I just wanted for make one point of clarification with respect to the Japanese hedge program. At the end of the quarter, as we calculated, we are roughly 3/4 or 75% complete. As mentioned, we are happy to announce that we will be holding a balance sheet meeting on Thursday, October 6 at 10 a.m. at our home office in Hartford. Our presentation and Q&A session will be webcast, but we certainly hope you can join us in person. We will e-mail the full details and RSVP information shortly, along with a "save the date" notice for our December investor meeting. As mentioned, we will hold an Investor Day this December. It will be in New York City on December 8, and will include presentations by Liam, Chris and our Business Presidents. We will send you full details after Labor Day. We'll now start the Q&A session. We know there are a lot of people on the call, so we'd like to request that you use this time efficiently, so that everyone has a chance to ask their questions. Any detailed financial or accounting reconciliations, we'd be happy to cover after the call. Roshira, we're now ready for you to give the instructions for asking a question.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, all for joining us today for The Hartford Second Quarter Conference Call. I wanted to note I know there's a few people in the queue but we do have some time locked out on Chris' schedule for the afternoon. So if you'll just give us a call, we will be happy to follow up with your questions off-line. Thank you, all for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you and talking to you again soon. Bye.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. That calculation really does not include any of the, I'll call it, balance sheet hedging we do. So it's more of a gross net amount at risk. So I wouldn't view it that way.
Christopher Swift: Generally, market levels. I mean, we disclosed the yen equity markets in general so again, it's the combination of all the inputs that calculate the net amount at risk.
Christopher Swift: Well, Nigel, let me be clear, first of all. We're saying the timing of the 11% will be pushed out, not that we're not as committed to achieving it. As I said in my remarks, when we went to go back to April of 2010, first of all, Chris and I and the management team really want to run the company against targets. And we kind of have a philosophy, if you don't really have a destination, you don't know when you get there. And as I noted in my remarks, clearly, the economy has not recovered at the pace that we expected, and interest rates just have remained at levels we would not have anticipated at that point in time. And we haven't consumed as much capital, unfortunately, in our investment portfolio, because of the good work of our teammates there. We are committed, as Chris and I have said a couple of times this morning, to increasing our ROE and over time, we want to get our ROE at minimum, initially, to be on top of our cost of capital and then over time to exceed it. What I can tell you, Nigel, is that the management team, as well as the management team with the board, is really managing our company, not just at an aggregate level from an ROE perspective but business by business. So each of our businesses, those that are above their cost of capital now have a plan for improving it, and those that are below it have very specific communicated plans that we're monitoring closely to get those businesses at and then ultimately over the cost of capital and monitor if that's not possible. And I'd emphasize, that's not just the management team. That's in conjunction with our board as well. Finally, as Chris said, I think because of the economic uncertainty and the market uncertainty, number one. Number two, there's a lot of unknowables at this moment. We're working through the DAC methodological change and the impact of the Japan hedge on DAC. I think it's more appropriate for us to give you the glide path towards improvement in the December timeframe at our Investor Day, and that'll be one of the things we'd spend a lot of time on.
Christopher Swift: I think on your last point, we're ready to go. We talked about the cash at the holding company, our outlooks, our views. So again, I wouldn't view that we're not prepared to execute at this point in time, subject again to the legal and market conditions. I think on your question on warrants versus common share, all I would say is that at today's market levels, where our common stock is trading, common stock looks pretty compelling to purchase. But we'll go through our analysis that we'll do and in making conclusion on what's best and/or any combinations.
Christopher Swift: Sure. We, Robert Michael Arena [ph] , our Treasurer, we did it together over the course of July, met with all the agencies. It really was designed to give them a business update broadly through the second quarter, talk about various components of the results that we just released. We went through our views on capital. We went through our views of our capital margins under different scenarios. We also modeled obviously all the agencies' perspectives from their own model perspective. Brought him this, I call it six-month, short-term capital management action, and the results speak for themselves. And we announced it today and communicated clearly with all our key constituents.
Christopher Swift: Sure. Obviously, our cost of capital is dependent on market conditions and the market will ultimately determine that. What we're focused on, like we've said consistently, is growing our earnings base and producing more stable, predictable results. And again, we think that the cost of capital will come down over time. If you look at it today, we would measure sort of our aggregate weighted cost of capital maybe in the 12.5% range and our equity cost of capital at 14.5%.
Christopher Swift: Sure. Jimmy, I think you know and that we've talked about, we've amortized that balance fairly quickly, right? It's through the amortization period, so as policies hit their amortization window, we should have DAC fully amortized. We still actually make good margins in Japan on a core basis so, I mean, our profit margins are very healthy there. We've talked about Japan contributing $200-plus million of core earnings on an annual basis to the firm. So it's still highly profitable. I think the last point that I alluded to in my comments is, we do our third quarter assumption update. We'll go through that completely, U.S. and Japan, and as we finalize the components of our Japan tail hedge program, we'll bake those long-term costs into our estimated EGP streams and take any appropriate adjustment required.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. And then I could maybe add some color too. I think the way we think about it is it just depends on scenarios, right? It's sort of path dependent and call it rising or benign markets. It will look like we're having, I'll call it, higher costs than we do in down markets. There's also a definitional issue. What is a cost, right? I mean from a typical cost accounting perspective, cost is a little different terminology in the hedging world and in the capital markets world because sometimes, you don't have to expend any upfront dollars. And as you would think of it is in a traditional cost, but you have mark-to-markets that you have to reflect over a period of time. So definitionally, these are more of the things we want get into in our October meeting, but all I could tell you is like I said before, we will be transparent as possible. We will bake our long-term cost of estimates into our path-dependent scenario for Japan and take any necessary adjustments to our debt balance.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris Swift. Again, I would go back to what we disclosed in the Q on the hedging sensitivities for equity rates, currencies. I think that's the best indicator. And again, our traditional guidance on EPS sensitivities for S&P movements and things like that are really unchanged at this point in time. But, I mean, if you got specifics, you're trying to update your model, maybe you and I and Sabra could just have a talk afterwards.
Christopher Swift: So Chris, net-net, the reception has been very positive. As Dave has said a couple of times this morning, appointments are way up, interactions with our distribution partners are way up. But we want to be clear, we're not going to declare anything until we start putting some points on the board. And so, probably the tail end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, as Dave has said, the proof will be in the sales numbers, but leading indicators are quite positive right now.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. I would say again, we don't do a precise calculation but our estimates are at 472 for the Life company.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. I understand your perspective and what you're trying to do. I would say, look, we think we're at a slightly below 9-ish core run rate right now that the guide path, the improvement, the activities that we're focused on primarily center around capital management and growing core earnings. You saw we took our first capital management, major capital management action with the share buyback. A lot of that is going to ultimately be dependent on how we can manage our equity base and capital base going forward in 2012. And as Liam said, we have a rigorous process. It's updated quarterly. We want to complete our share repurchase program in early 2012. Look at our risk positions. Look at the economic conditions. Look at how the businesses are performing. Our capital needs at that point in time, I think we'll have better insights into how we get to that improvement path. But thinking in terms of we're light of 9-ish right now, we want to grow and improve through 2012, which again, there is expansion and improvement potential, and we'll quantify it even more clearly for you in December.
Christopher Swift: No, you're right. And I understand what you're trying to do and again I want to be helpful. But again, we're just not in the position to quantify that here right now. So we can talk more through it off-line if you really want try to update models. But again, I would say that we're still working our way through the credit cycle. I'm looking at Greg Mcgreevey a little bit.
Christopher Swift: Yes. Well, so again but it is and has been a major driver and again in a positive way. We have consumed book value that we planned. But again, we're still through the vast majority of the credit cycle. But again, let us just get through December and we'll show you our views and the path towards that improvement path going forward.
David Levenson: Dave Levenson. So I guess where I'd start is just if you look at the industry flows, there was a sharp increase in fixed income flows and a sharp decrease in equity flows. Whenever that environment happens, that does not play well for our fund family, which you know is largely equity based. We do expect that will turn in the second half of the year, so we still remain confident about our guidance and our assumptions.
David Levenson: We love the business. It's performed well for The Hartford over time. We like our current suite of products, and we don't comment on market rumors.
David Levenson: This is Dave. Let me take the first question. So with respect to the $5 billion, as you know, that's a total annuity number, not just variable annuity. What we did do in the June timeframe, June 13, as we rolled out a series of additional product solutions that we're very excited about, there were really only 14 business days that that product was live in the quarter, but I will tell you that we received, have received great reception from our distributors. Our leading indicators are all up, meaning wholesaler activity and broker meetings, and we'll have a much better read on that as we get into the fourth quarter. We are not stopping there, though. I think as we get into the second half of the year, you will be seeing and hearing a lot more about additional things that we are taking on beyond just the variable annuity business. So we remain confident about the proportional goal of $5 billion.
David Levenson: Chris, as I mentioned, we did launch the new product on the 13th of June. So after 14 business days, all I can tell you is that the activity and the leading indicators are all up. People are embracing a lot of the new options, but we really won't have a very good read on that until we get to the fourth quarter.
David Levenson: So as we look at July, again, there's been continuing additional activity, and that's probably what we would clearly expect after rolling out a new product, and we are seeing a lot more interest in our new solutions.
