Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Core earnings for the quarter were $471 million or $1.44 per diluted share with a trailing 12-month core earnings ROE of 14.3%. Before reviewing the results by segment, I will cover the impacts in the quarter of catastrophes and specifically, Hurricane Ian. We recognized catastrophe losses of $293 million with Hurricane Ian losses of $214 million. In Commercial Lines, Ian losses were $133 million, including $35 million in Global Re. In Personal Lines, losses were $81 million, of which about 72% were auto losses, which reflects our market share in the regions impacted as well as a higher average loss per claim due in part to inflationary pressures. Moving on to segment results. In Commercial Lines, core earnings were $363 million and written premium growth was 10%, reflecting written pricing increases and exposure growth along with an increase in new business in Small and Middle and Large Commercial as well as increased policy count retention in Small Commercial. The underlying combined ratio of 89.3 was up 2.1 points from the prior year third quarter, primarily due to several non-catastrophe property losses. In Personal Lines, core loss of $28 million and the underlying combined ratio was 95.9, reflecting continued increased severity in both auto and homeowners partially offset by earned pricing increases and a lower expense ratio in both lines. P&C prior accident year reserve development was a net favorable $53 million with workers' compensation being the largest contributor. Turning to Group Benefits. Core earnings of $117 million and a 7.2% core earnings margin reflects a lower level of excess mortality losses and growth in fully insured premiums. The disability loss ratio was flat to the prior year quarter, reflecting lower COVID-19-related short-term disability losses. And in long-term disability, higher estimates of claim recoveries were more than offset by less favorable incidence trends compared to the prior year quarter, but in line with our expectations. All cost excess mortality was $26 million before tax compared to $212 million in the prior year quarter. The $26 million included $14 million with days of loss in the third quarter and $12 million of losses related to prior quarters. Turning to Hartford Funds. Core earnings were $47 million, reflecting lower daily average AUM, which decreased primarily due to equity market declines and higher interest rates. Net investment income was $487 million. The annualized limited partnership return was 6.3% in the quarter. We have been very pleased with the performance of LPs in the first 9 months of the year and expect the full year return to be at or above the high end of our 8% to 10% range. The total annualized portfolio yield, excluding limited partnerships, was 3.3% before tax, a 30 basis point increase in the second quarter, and we expect another 10 basis points to 20 basis points improvement in the fourth quarter. Investment portfolio credit quality remain strong at average rating of 8 plus. During quarter we recognized minor losses on sales of fixed maturities as we’ve reduced portfolio duration and modestly reduce risk and portfolio. So while interest rates and capital markets may remain volatile, we are confident that our high-quality and well-diversified portfolio will continue to support our financial goals and objectives. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.4 million shares for $350 million. As of September 30, we have $3.1 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We were also pleased to announce a 10% increase in our common quarterly dividend payable on January 4. This is the 10th increase in the dividend in the last decade and another proof point of the consistent capital generation of the company. In summary, we had strong performance in the first 9 months of the year and believe we are well positioned to continue to deliver on our targeted returns. I will now turn the call over to Doug.
Beth Costello: Thanks, Alex. I'll start, and I'll let Doug provide some additional cover. So first, I just -- Doug said this in his comments, and I think it's always important when we start a conversation on Small Commercial is by any measure, I think their results are outstanding. As Doug discussed, we did see some impact from property losses, non-CAT, non-weather-related that obviously impacted the compare year-over-year. But when we look at year-to-date where we are compared to what we saw at the beginning of the year, we are right in line. As it relates specifically to the workers' compensation point, again, if you go back to what we were expecting from the beginning of the year, we're very much right in line. We did not make any changes in the quarter as it relates to workers' comp in our loss picks from where we've been from the beginning of this year. And we had said at the beginning of this year that in this line, we expected a small amount of compression in workers' comp, and that's exactly what we've been booking to. And when I say small, less than 0.5 point. Part of the compare to last third quarter and why that was called out was in the last year's third quarter, we had some true-ups in the quarter related to just some favorable frequency and rate coming in a bit higher than we had anticipated. So it's really more about last third quarter, this year and what we're producing overall completely in line with what our expectations were and no changes.
Beth Costello: Yes. So I guess the way I would characterize it is that when you look at the delta between last third quarter and this third quarter for Small Commercial, that delta and workers' comp was probably a bit over 1 point. And again, that really is coming from the favorability we saw last third quarter. And as I said, we were sort of anticipating when we set our loss picks for the year that we see, like I said, about 0.5 point deterioration. So I think that helps size a little bit of just kind of the delta and what we're seeing.
Beth Costello: Yes. I would agree with those comments, I think specifically as it relates to third quarter I believe in the third quarter of last year, we had a little bit of a release in bad debt. So that made last year's number maybe 30 basis points better. So that obviously affects that compare a little bit. And then also, we also look at our commission ratio has ticked up just a small amount as well, which, again, some of that reflective of just the strong profitability in the book and how that comes through in some of the supplemental comps. So those, I think, help to explain why maybe you wouldn't see more of a benefit just quarter-over-quarter.
Beth Costello: Yes. So included in our loss picks in auto, a component of that is medical. We have seen some uptick and that's reflected in our estimates and has been and we haven't called that out because it hasn't been a significant driver of the changes that we were anticipating for the year, which has really been on the physical damage side because as you recall, we had anticipated to see some relief and inflationary pressures in the second half that have not obviously materialized.
Beth Costello: And then the only thing I add is you did mention the favorable prior year development that we saw in the auto line, that was primarily related to 2018 and prior. Just to put context on where we were seeing that benefit.
Beth Costello: Yes, we had increased our views on physical damage in the second half of '21. And again, our expectation was that those were going to start to level off and we start to see some improvement in the back half of this year, which obviously we've not seen, and we've been responding accordingly each quarter as we book the current quarter activity.
Beth Costello: Yes. Well, I think we've been consistently balancing those things. We do think that it's important for us to maintain a competitive dividend. And I think the dividend really, in my mind, speaks to just the ongoing earnings power as we see of the organization. And as I said, we've been kind of a path of increasing that each year as our earnings continue to increase. I think we've got a very healthy repurchase authorization that allows us to execute on deploying our excess capital. So I feel very good about the balance that we create in both of those items.
Beth Costello: I did not, but I would say that from a reinsurance perspective, it's like $15 million to $16 million of recoverable that we booked within those estimates for Ian loss.
Beth Costello: Yes. I would call that more on the production side, not on the claims side. So again, as you can see from our very healthy top line from a dollars perspective, we also just see some more costs relative to that production, just which reflects that volume, but not claims related.
Beth Costello: Yes. So in Commercial Lines, auto really relates to accident years 2017 to 2019. And specifically, we had one claim that had an adverse verdict during the quarter that we reacted to.
Doug Elliot: Alex, I would start by saying that we look at overall performance, and we feel very positive about what we produce for 9 months and look at our position in the quarter and just very pleased about that performance level. Now given the challenges that we all face, as I commented in my script, we are very conscious of both social and economic pressure inside our loss trends and are watching them carefully across all our lines, across all our segments. The other thing I would say is we're coming off a significant natural peril disaster in the southeast part of this country. So we expect that the property market will go through some changes in the coming quarters starting very shortly. So we're in market with our CAT reinsurance program that renews 1/1. Our folks have been in Bermuda all week and expect over the next several weeks that we will talk about that structure. I do not expect anything material to change relative to our reinsurance structure. But I think between property and social and economic changes, it's a really critical time that you stay on top of your trends, and we're trying to do exactly that here at The Hartford.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, we do. So we're expecting to hit guidance. You're right, there is seasonality in our book of business, and so we're mindful of that. But based on what we see today and the early start with October -- very early start of October, we expect to be in that range.
Doug Elliot: David, I would just add that even inclusive of comp, our total commercial spread is still about the same. So the calculus is plus or minus 100 points. And yes, to Chris' point, comp continues to perform for us across our markets.
Doug Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. The only real aberration through either 9 months and also in the quarter is our non-CAT, non-weather property volatility. So I look at the rest of the lines, I look at our performance, essentially right on target. So that little volatility in the quarter is the only thing we're looking at year-to-date against our expectations.
Doug Elliot: I mean there's a little inflation as -- we've talked about inflation, but our pricing has been at or right on expectations as well. So I think we're matching what we're seeing on the economic loss trend side with our performance on the pricing end. So I feel good about that.
Doug Elliot: I don't think you're going to see us in the next 6 months, become a major CAT writer, right? We don't have that as an ambition. But our growing ambition over the past decade has been to be a stronger, more thoughtful, deeper, bigger property writer, and that goal remains and we're doing it selectively. So in our Middle and Large Commercial business, we've got a large property segment. We've got a growing property book in our core middle book. And then we also have a really neat specialty business -- property business in our Global Specialty. So I look at property across the franchise. And I think that on the optimistic side, you will see that grow over time, but I don't think we're going to step right in and try to take advantage of a timing moment right now with CAT property.
Doug Elliot: Yes. Very disciplined, very thoughtful and maybe some selective opportunity here that in Global Re, Brian, they will take advantage of. I was more referring to the primary space, but it's been a strong complement to our property capabilities and our thought process. So I think it will be opportunistic. We'll be thoughtful about what we do relative to CAT peril.
Doug Elliot: Sure, Greg. So maybe I'll build on what I shared in my script. Again, fourth quarter, as I said, we expect that change of five to move our rates move up into the 10 category and then move into mid-teens. Our expectations in the second half of the year that our phys dam loss trend would abate a bit did not come to pass. So the world we see today and the trends we're experiencing at this moment, we're expecting those to continue into 2023, which are driving our assumptions inside our rate plan activity. We described the first half of '23, an active rate process for us. And I think mid-teens will allow us to get on top of those trends. And I expect as we move through the first quarter into the second quarter, we'll be at very adequate terms for our book of business. Keeping in mind that as we introduce prevail into the marketplace, which is a 6-month policy, we still have lots of policies out there that are 12 months in our old Hartford auto and home product is a 12-month product. So there is a mix that will head towards 6 month the quicker we work our way through Prevail. But at the moment, we still have a lot of 12-month policies there.
Doug Elliot: Andrew, our comments relate to competition in the specialty space primarily in the Professional Lines area. So our lines area has -- as I commented, seen depressed pricing. In fact, our pricing went negative in the second quarter -- I'm sorry, the third quarter for D&O. But it's an area that has gone through significant profit opportunity. And now as the lines are very adequate for us and probably many others in the industry, a lot of competition has gathered. So we see that competition. We are not going to chase for pricing. We're going to keep our discipline. And I attribute the lack of growth compared to prior periods in that Global Specialty space really to competition and us keeping our discipline, which we intend to maintain as we move into 2023.
Doug Elliot: So hard to predict, and we always give you our best view of the future when we talk to you on the fourth quarter call. But I think the fourth quarter probably will not be a lot different in behavior than what we saw in the third quarter. It's a little early to talk about '23, I think, at the moment.
Doug Elliot: Andrew, good question. We are spending a lot of time on the quality of the new business we're writing in Personal Lines. And I think our team to date still feels very solid about the quality, but we are moving on the pricing side, and we'll continue to move. And it's one of the reasons that we have slowed the prevail rollout. Still moving forward, but slow slightly to make sure that our rate adequacies as we introduce the new product into market are where they need to be, given our view of current trends. And as you know, and as we've discussed, that trend has been moving on us throughout the year. So yes, I'm very confident about where we are today and know that quality is something we've got in our front viewfinder day in, day out.
Doug Elliot: Yes, Michael, we started seeing adverse phys dam pressure to our book and our expectations by late -- mid-to-late summer last year. So our filings ramped up in the September time frame, and they have continued to ramp throughout the year. Many of these states are now in the double-dip stage. So we're taking two bites at that apple inside the year. And our expectation for '22 was that we would see some of those physical damage trends contain themselves a bit in the back half of the year, which we have not seen over the third quarter. So as we project forward, our activities will deal with the climate we see today. And as such, our fourth quarter pricing activities are going to be in the 10% range. That is reflective of where we think those rates need to be filed at. And as we continue to '23, as I said, it will go north from there.
Doug Elliot: And Michael, I think it goes without saying, but obviously, that activity quarter-by-quarter now is rolling into our filings. So what we experienced in the fourth quarter became a big part of the first and second quarter filings in the first quarter. So as we think about the experience, we have tried to reflect it in our loss pick calls, but also in our filings as we move ahead.
Doug Elliot: I think that's a little bit big step to take right now. Our property pricing moved up in Middle/Large Commercial toward the end of the third quarter. Our underwriters across the franchise on property know they've got to look hard at insured value numbers on all of our accounts. I think they're understanding and looking back at their CAT models given what happened over the last 30 days. So we're moving on the primary side. And our experience certainly from a CAT perspective, reinsurance has been generally very, very solid over the last decade. So it is too early to tell, but I'm not thinking about property compression right now. I'm thinking about it in terms of making sure we get needed rate on our book of business across every line that is writing the property.
Doug Elliot: Well, I would share. Our book is approximately 80% excess in the U.S. D&O space. So I can comment on what we're seeing there, which is where the pressure we're seeing -- we're also seeing it on the primary side, but our book is primarily excess. So I'd start with that. There have been a series of new entrants over the past 24 months. As we all have talked about, the IPO market has slowed and the SPAC market has slowed as well. So the new, new opportunities in the marketplace are not where they were one and two years ago. So lack of upside opportunity and very solid, strong rate adequacies has led to quite a bit of competition, which I think is fueling inside this book and on us, it's hitting primarily in our excess area.
Doug Elliot: I think there's pricing pressure up the tower. There is some pressure in the primary, but I'm really speaking to primarily excess where we've seen quite a bit of new capacity come in. Easier to come in, in the excess area, and that's what we're experiencing that pressure today.
Chris Swift: Elyse, you're focused on forward guidance, and we've obviously talked about what we think we could do. But I would just share with you, yes, we feel good with the overall performance of all our businesses really through the first 9 months. And that's why I sort of called that out. Investment results have been very favorable across our portfolios, particularly with the strong LP contributions, but rates are rising. So we still like our long-term view of 6 to 7 on sort of a normalized basis if you're going to look at it that way. But we'll always continue to try to outperform and exceed expectations. But I still would have you anchor in that 6% to 7% range.
Chris Swift: I'll just reinforce what Beth said, David, is that going into the year, our pricing plan compared to what we thought loss trend was, was going to have a modest negative effect, probably to 0.5 point on sort of combined ratios. I think through the first 9 months, we're outperforming that 0.5 point negative pressure. But that's the way I would frame it. And Doug, I don't know if you would add anything else. But I'd like to just have you think of -- comps in its own different sort of spear as far as historical performance, the regulatory oversight in that line, David, and that's why we just talk about an ex comp spread.
Chris Swift: Brian, that's been one of our strategic themes, it's Doug, and I've talked about for years is just to have a broader property skill set in all our business segments, whether it be Small, Middle, Large, E&S and Specialty. And then the only color I would add on our reinsurance operations is it's a global property and casualty focused reinsurer that has some specialty orientation also to it, writes about $500 million of total premiums. Doug, I would say its profitability and execution has been outstanding in the last couple of years. It did obviously suffer some Ian impacts this quarter that we called out. But generally, it's a nice specialty orientation in that Global Specialty area.
Chris Swift: Greg, it's Chris. You characterized your question as a specialty auto carrier. I would push back on that. I mean we consider it a preferred segment through our AARP relationship over 30-plus years. So maybe you're just -- you've confused the thoughts in your head, but it's not a specialty-orientated auto book. It is a preferred class of customers, at least in my mind.
Chris Swift: Hopeful, Andrew, maybe there's a little more rationality that comes back into the market in '23, but time will tell.
Chris Swift: Hi, I think you said it well. To me, Yaron, we'll always think about economics and what does it mean and sort of that risk return trade-off. But as Doug said, our historical performance, our deep partnerships with our reinsurers and the fact that we do have multiyear rate guarantees on different layers. I think immunizes is a little bit from any pressure on rates that we might face. So time will tell, and we'll report back to you early next year.
Chris Swift: Yes, Jimmy, I'm not going to comment on the regulatory environment because it's pretty dynamic in various parts of the country, and you mentioned one particular state. So we pride ourselves on working with all our regulators in a constructive fashion and hopefully, that can continue in some of these problematic areas.
