Doug Elliot: Jay, good morning, this is Doug. I think it’s a combination of all, right. So we had steady progress across the pricing front. Our new business numbers that we layout in the sub but were also very strong in the quarter. And the combination that now we have in the entire platform are our ICON platform with all the products in it is being very well received by the marketplace. So we’re hitting nicely across the board and I expect that moment to continue.Jay H. Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then on a separate issue, I believe for Beth. For the Talcott earnings, we understand the guidance for 4Q, I believe previously it might have been either you or Chris did give the expectation for Talcott earnings growth for 2015 in terms of how – what order of magnitude that would decline? And if you could update us there that would be helpful, just so we can square our models.
Doug Elliot: Good. So few questions inside your second piece. First, there are some headwinds in a few of the states relative to filings. I would say that those headwinds really are correlated to loss experience that has been improving across the books of business. So, not total surprised. As we look at the performance and the adequacy of our book still feel very, very good about that and we’ll continue and monitor closely and obviously with the workers compensation line, as you suggest, it is a state-by-state march, very geographic centric. Second part of your question, middle versus small. As I commented in my earlier remarks, we are very pleased of our progress on our workers’ compensation book in the middle, slightly different tenancies, in our small book we tend to be on the micro end of small, but again, we see good signs on the frequency end; very-very low to minus frequency across both our books of business and the severity dynamics both wage and other have been very moderate over these past couple of years, so, to us the all-in loss trends are very much in check.Vincent M. DeAugustino – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: All right. Good deal. Nice quarter.
Doug Elliot: Our trends really have not changed much in the last quarter or so. We will certainly watch carefully and that may indeed happen with the holidays upon us, but at the moment I would say pretty much as they’ve been.Brian R. Meredith – UBS Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Doug Elliot: Yes, good question, tough question and a critical one. We have seen the market become increasingly competitive over the last several months and I comment on that in my script.John M. Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Yes.
Beth Bombara: Then I think we’ll provide more insight when we get – in February when we talk about our outlook for 2015.Jay H. Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
Beth Bombara: So as of the third quarter, we’re at about 500%.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, so 500%. Okay. Thank you 
Beth Bombara: Yes, so it’s lower expenses for both ESV and ISV. There were two programs and then also as we’ve seen markets improved a little bit of an uptake because of that as well.Erik J. Bass – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Beth Bombara: No, I think you said it very well.John M. Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Yes, that’s very helpful, thanks. Look forward to February.
Beth Bombara: So the low 20s is a target, we haven’t set necessary a time table for working to when we want to achieve that, we’ll just continue to be balance. So what I would say to you is I’d expect there to be a continuation of both, but not necessarily that we’re trying to be overly conservative.Tom G. Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  And then, so just one last one if I could sneak it in from a tactical standpoint, why bother with tendering for debt? Why not just sit on the cash, earn some yield, and pay it off as you go? I guess you have some fairly big maturities in 2017. I don’t know if that’s too long to wait or what the view of tendering versus sitting on the cash and waiting to pay maturities. 
Beth Bombara: So again, our view has been that we do want to reduce the leverage on the balance sheet. When we look at the cost of a tender or call, we obviously take that into consideration to some extent what you pay in the PB calculation on that kind of takes into consideration about that, you won’t be paying that interest in the future. So for us it’s really a way to get us to our targets. And we’ll continue to look for the best way to execute that at the best price.Tom G. Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Beth Bombara: All of the hedging costs are below the line.Robert Glasspiegel – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
