Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Hartford is off to a very good start in 2017. Core earnings per diluted share increased 5% in the first quarter, and we returned over $400 million to shareholders through repurchases and common dividends. Underlying P&C results were strong. However, catastrophe losses were exceptionally high due to elevated seasonal wind and hail activity in the central U.S. Starting with personal auto. The pricing, underwriting and distribution actions we have implemented over the past 18 months, are gaining traction. The underlying combined ratio improved over 5 points when adjusting first quarter 2016 loss ratios for the average development we recognized during calendar year 2016. Renewal written price increases have been in the high single digit rates over the past several quarters and exceeded 10% this quarter, while our accident year loss ratio picks for 2015 and 2016 are holding. While the top-line is down, our AARP relationship is a competitive advantage for The Hartford, and our deep knowledge of this customer segment positions us well for growth in personal auto as margins continue to improve. All-in, I am pleased with the progress and remain confident that we will achieve improved results in 2017 and continuing into 2018. Commercial Lines achieved the 90.9 underlying combined ratio, reflecting disciplined underwriting in a competitive market. Small commercial posted outstanding performance with 6% written premium growth and excellent margins but competition remains robust. We’re intently focused on advancing our leadership in this market by innovating and enhancing our best-in-class capabilities. We’re doing this by leveraging our technology, data and underwriting expertise, deep agency relationships and leading customer service centers. Middle Market delivered good performance with 4% growth in written premiums and a 93.8 underlying combined ratio. In this challenging middle market environment, we remain committed to disciplined risk selection. The overall Commercial Lines results reflect the investments we’ve made over the past several years, which have enabled us to become a substantially broader and deeper risk player with expanded product capabilities and new industry verticals. In addition, our acquisition of Maxum is already contributing as our new E&S capabilities have given us the opportunity to participate in the wholesale marketplace. Group Benefits delivered excellent core earnings this year, excluding a charge for the previously disclosed Penn Treaty liquidation. Top-line growth picked up to 4% and loss experience continues to be excellent, reflecting our claims expertise and the improvements we’ve made in our book of business over the years. Group Benefits is a core strategic business for The Hartford with a well established brand and a top five market position. The business has momentum with good traction in voluntary sales activities with our enhanced product suite and a total sales pipeline that’s up significantly over the prior year. Mutual Funds had a great quarter with total assets under management now exceeding $100 billion. Strong market conditions and investment performance led to sales of over $7 billion and net positive flows of $1.3 billion including significant sales and flows from the Schroders [ph] sub-advised funds. As we look forward in 2017, our strategic priorities remain consistent: Organic growth; improved customer experience; and developing new operating capabilities. The priority for our excess capital is to support these strategic objectives, particularly in areas such as small commercial, specialty risk products, A&H, benefits in industry verticals that expand our underwriting appetite. We want to provide agents and policyholders with insurance solutions for more of their risk needs and being easier company for them to do business with. As I’ve said before, we have an organic growth orientation but we will consider acquisitions that make financial sense and accelerate the achievement of our strategic objectives. In closing, I am pleased with our execution in navigating very competitive market conditions in Commercial Lines and Group Benefits and with the progress we’ve made in personal auto. I’m optimistic about the initiatives we have underway to continue to profitably grow our businesses and to create long-term shareholder value. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Doug.
Chris Swift: Yes. I think the bill you’re referring to is we call it the division’s bill. I would share with you -- it’s something that we have sponsored, really from all our restructuring activities over the last couple of years, Brian. We observed some better practices in the different parts of the country or the world, in fact. And we have worked with the Connecticut Department to sponsor it. I would say sponsoring it and reading anything into what it means from a possible transaction, I would not do that. I think what we viewed it as a piece of legislation and rules and regulations that we thought our leading regulator, in the Connecticut Department of Insurance, should avail itself and avail all Connecticut companies with the opportunity to separate new businesses and legal entities and transact those types of activities that are aligned to their go-forward transactions. So the bill is in Congress right now. It’s come out of Congress. The legislature side of Connecticut, it needs to go to the Senate side, it then needs to be signed by the Governor. The legislature is in session, I think, through late June, and we’re optimistic that it will get passed and signed by the Governor.
Chris Swift: Jay, it’s Chris. I don’t know what you mean. To me, it’s math, right? I mean, you’ve got stat and GAAP, you’ve got cash and really, I don’t feel comfortable speculating too much here with you on any potential transaction. So, to me, I just would tell you it will be math. But I mean, we’ve always said we’re comfortable running Talcott off over a longer period of time. We’ve shrunken its risk profile and that any transaction that we would consider has to be, first, economic for us and our shareholders it needs to be a provable or a clean break, potential parties need to take care of our customers and employees. So I mean we know the conditions we’re looking for. And beyond that, I just would ask you to do the math yourself and you make your judgment sound what you think it means.
Chris Swift: Ryan, thanks for the question. I would just say, from a business and capital allocation perspective, Commercial, Benefits, Personal Lines, Mutual Funds, I mean, we’re comfortable deploying capital into those businesses that make financial and strategic sense. So, specifically, if there’s a benefits opportunity in the marketplace, it’s something we would consider seriously looking at. We like our Group Benefits businesses. You can see the returns, its earnings. It has a concentration a little bit in the large National Accounts base of over 5,000 lives. So, in Doug’s leadership, we’ve been trying to grow the small, the middle size of that. We’ve completed our voluntary product suite and we think about A&H more broadly. So, it would be a business that we are now [ph] going to continue to invest in and we think we have capabilities and the brand to effectively compete over the long term.
Chris Swift: It’s Chris. I just would add, particularly given our book of business more in the Middle, we get exposed through our primary lines. We’re not big umbrella or excess players. In fact, as we think about the future in expanding our risk appetite, it’s one area that really causes us pause on the umbrella, the excess lines. Can we get paid and earn an adequate return? So until we see a little more correction and realism in price and exposure, I don’t think we’re going to deploy too much capital into excess umbrella lines in GL.
Chris Swift: Bob, it’s Chris. I would say, just a couple thoughts on M&A in general that we’ve been proactive in the marketplace. We’re very disciplined about our approach. It has to make strategic and financial sense. So, we think in terms of a bolt-on and/or extensions into adjacent markets that would be a little less complex to integrating into The Hartford. But I would also say we’re open to larger opportunities that accelerate our growth in markets, product lines, geographies that we want to be in. That, I would characterize as a target that has anywhere as between $500 million and $1 billion of premium. So, I don’t know if that helps size, your size question, but I think that would be something digestible. But again, it has to make the financial sense, and we’ve being disciplined, given we’ve been at this over the last four years. And we’ve said no to a lot of opportunities. So, that’s what I would say, Bob.
Chris Swift: Yes. Elyse, I would say, it’s got very tactical in an area that we’re not going to speculate or comment on. One, I’d remind you that bill is only through half of the legislature, so the other half needs to approve it and the Governor needs to sign it. As I said, we expect that to happen in June. And then, we’ll evaluate things from there. But, I think it’s way too premature to go down the path that you are going down.
Chris Swift: It’s Chris. I’ll let Beth comment also, but philosophically, there is no target there. I mean, we evaluate reserves every quarter and try to use our best math, our best judgment, both on what’s happening and the potential scenarios, sensitivities going forward. So, that really informs sort of our view of what our carried position is compared to the actuarial indications. So, I would dissuade your mind into thinking in terms of a math equation, program releases should start to come because it’s really facts and circumstances. And again, personally speaking for one member of our team, I mean, we are watching inflation very closely. We see wage pressures; we see litigation pressures in other areas. So, the wage sensitivity we have in our book and comp in disability is material. So, we want to be very, very prudent, have those accident years seasoned with great deal of certainty before we deal with them.
Doug Elliot: So, I guess, a couple of points. One is relative to general liability, little bit of pressure from a prior program but we are watching the GL line overall. First quarter is essentially in line with a little pressure from program that we had several years ago. On the auto side, we’ve been underwriting, re-underwriting and working pricing last couple of years, a little bit of pressure in our excess National Account book and also in Small Commercial. So, feel good about the work we’ve done in Middle but we did feel a little bit of prior year pressure in Small and we felt like we needed to address both that in our National Account book.
Doug Elliot: Jay, thanks. This is Doug. Last quarter, I believe on the call, I did give you a little bit of forward lean into what we expected to see over the first three to four quarters of 2017. And this 10.5 is largely in line with that commentary. So, yes, we’re pleased. Obviously, this is the written element, so it’s got to earn its way in but we feel like there’s forward traction on our actions, including pricing in our first line’s book and encouraged by the start to 2017.
Doug Elliot: Sure. On the frequency side, Jay, our numbers have essentially flattened out. So, as we go back over the prior couple of years, we had some small single-digit moving to mid-single digit pressure on frequency. And as we look back over this quarter and the last several quarters, we feel very good, and it’s essentially flat. On the severity side, as we’ve talked on prior calls, in our plans, we’re in the mid-single digits, maybe on the four to five range on severity, and the first quarter essentially came in as expected. So, pleased that our view of the year is playing out as we had hoped. Very watchful, 90 days does not make a final outcome. But relative to the path we have carved and our goal of over these two years to make improvements financially that are required, very good start to 2017.
Doug Elliot: Ryan, I guess, I would answer it this way. I’m not sure we’ve ever stopped investing in Small Commercial. There is no question there are a lot of interested parties looking at that segment, trying to participate in that segment. We’ve been at a long time very pleased with last several years of progress and excellent quarter. But this year and next, big priority around digital but capabilities we have in the service center, our selling skills, et cetera. So, I would like you to think about our investment in Small as ongoing and doubling down as we move forward.
Doug Elliot: Good question, Ryan. And a little outsized, and certainly quite a bit different than last year first quarter. Largely, as I mentioned in my script, around our verticals, construction had an excellent first quarter, as did marine and some of the other verticals. So, we are still grinding our way in the generalist space of Middle and the growth there was clearly not as robust as it was in these other areas. Our momentum in construction has been very positive over the last couple of years. And in the first quarter, we were awarded two very large athletic arenas in the United States. So, feel good about some of the wins. Again, I think, it was a little outsized, I don’t expect to have four quarters of growth like that in those verticals but I am pleased with the progress.
Doug Elliot: Sure, Jay. I will try to do that for you. When we think about homeowners, as I talked about it, in the non-cat weather category and fire, we were essentially 3.5 points high than our three to five-year average over a period of time. I’d remind you that the early part of the quarter had a lot of West Coast water activity, not just California but really up to the Northwest, got a sizable part of our book on the West Coast. So, we were impacted by that water and also in our Commercial book as well. So, a little bit out of pattern; we felt the pressure from weather, but I think things will snap back in as we go forward.
Doug Elliot: Yes. What was driving fundamentally this quarter change was lower marketing activities associated with our personal auto book. So, as I commented, as we feel and continue to feel better about rate adequacy, which is a going to be a quarter-to-quarter march moving through this year and next, we will adjust accordingly, Jay, turning back on those, very specific state-by-state basis. But I do think that run rate, we will not be able to continue at that. You should expect to see some more marketing expense as we feel better about our rate adequacy.
Doug Elliot: Gary, we have looked hard at that issue, hard at the data, and with our new claim system that we’ve brought on board last couple of years, better visibility. As I look at the representation rate, it’s up slightly but not in big numbers. So, I do -- I feel slight representation numbers up. What I do see though on our data is a higher -- a quicker trigger to litigation, particularly at the moment around auto liability and also GL. So, we’re watching very quickly those cases that are with representation and how quickly they’re going to litigation and how that is working through our book of business.
Doug Elliot: It’s a really good point. I do think the industry is responding to auto, I absolutely agree with you. I think GL, auto liability is an area that needs more attention and would benefit by a bit more discipline across the industry. It’s a line that has our attention, probably differently than a year or two years ago. I look at what we’ve been able to achieve on the pricing side in Middle, in that core Middle, and I think the line, over time, will demand more rate so that we offset some of the trends that we will feel. I don’t think these litigation trends that others and we are talking about are going away anytime soon.
Doug Elliot: Certainly, I asked you to read something in on small commercial. And that is we are leaning into some of the signs in our book first auto which we’ve chatted up, but GL. We had some slip and fall type classes over the last three to four quarter that, Gary, we have tuned up our pricing around. And so, those changes are real and they are necessary. As we step back in our Middle Market book and we look at trends, generally, we feel pretty good, Gary, about frequency across our core commercial Middle Market lines, but there’s a debate and discussion we’re having about severity. And as I think about GL, it’s a line that I think you’ll see us be thoughtful and lean into a bit more on the pricing side. It’s just -- we expect that trends are not going to be in the zero and two range, out in 2017 and 2018. I think it’s more likely that we feel a four, five range, and that is clearly not where the market is pricing that line at the moment.
Doug Elliot: Well, our 2017 plan had essentially a mid-single digit total trend outlook. And the reason I say we’re encouraged by first quarter with flat frequency in the 3, 3.5 range of severity, feel like we’re just underneath that. So, a good start to the year. We’ll see as we go forward, again, next couple of quarters but mid single digits is where the entire sector has been running. Fast-track data is now out on fourth quarter, so you’ve got to peek at that. And that has been our lean plus experience into our filing state-by-state. There’s a lot geography and a lot of specificity in terms of territories that obviously loads up an individual state.
Doug Elliot: The commercial auto results, I’d start by saying, are not acceptable and are not acceptable in our book, and we’re determined to continue to work at that. In the Middle Market, over the past four years, we’ve put 37 points of rate into the book of business. So, good news is that with re-underwriting and rate, it’s a much healthier book but we’re also dealing with the same dynamics in the marketplace relative to driving behavior that we’ve faced in Personal Lines. So, Middle has been a pricing story after years of re-underwriting. I feel pretty good about our core book. In Small Commercial, we face some pressures over the last three quarters that to me have also come from the Personal Lines re-underwriting. And that’s a book where in our micro end we’ve got many businesses that have 1 and 2 and 3 employees. So I think there is a lot we can learn from Personal Lines. We’re not pleased about our performance in Small Commercial and the auto side, we’re addressing it through not only underwriting and pricing. And we still feel pressure on the bodily injury side of those trends in both Small and Middle with auto. So, I’m feeling mid-single-digit pressure on severity in our Commercial auto book and I don’t expect that to change, because I think that’s largely what we see out in the external environment and what our view of the external data is saying to us. And therefore, we’re building our action plans around that.
Doug Elliot: Well, there certainly is a geography twist to that. So, there are ZIP Codes and areas of the country where we feel more pressure than others. There are class dynamics to it. In Small Commercial, I’ve mentioned in the past that we have changed our referral triggers on several of those classes that used to just hit the glass for quotes and run right through. Now, we’ll take those quotes at a technology level and bring them back to an underwriter for more-strict underwriting. So, yes, I would say both class and geography are definitely triggers that we’re looking at and impact an aggregate performance that needs more pricing and more underwriting.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, this is Doug. Our plan did kind of play that. So largely, our expectations for the year and our guidance stands as is. So, yes, you’re absolutely right. This seasonality that we’ve seen in the past, we expect to continue. And essentially our pricing objectives are being met. And we continue to work hard to achieve the next three quarters, so that we can have a full year and get this back on track.
Doug Elliot: We did, Elyse. We saw a very similar pattern, which is actually why we didn’t put the exhibit. It would have been very similar to what you saw 90 days ago.
Doug Elliot: Ian, you should feel good that we are pleased with the early start to progress. I’ll remind you, and this is a multiyear effort, so one quarter does not make the goal we have in mind. But pleased about the early signals of our initiatives across underwriting and claims and pricing, et cetera. And again, you can see it because we shared transparently, there’s a direct side of this financial dynamic and then there’s the agency piece. And our top line is a bit more moderated in the agency side, so we’re not shrinking early as much as we are in total, and that’s something that is a clear focus for us. We’ve got terrific partners at AARP. And we are intent upon stabilizing this book and looking for opportunities to grow going forward. That is our goal. And I think we’re going to be at a healthier spot in the second half of the year to achieve that. And as such, we will direct marketing activities accordingly.
