Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Today's webcast covers our third quarter financial results which were released yesterday afternoon. The news release, investor financial supplement, slides and 10-Q for the quarter are all available on our Web site. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information on forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our Web site. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings and in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's Web site for at least one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Sabra Purtill: Thanks, Jay. I think we have two more questioners in the queue and so we’ll finish those up. I know we’re running past a little bit on our time and there’s a 10 o’clock call, but we will finish up the queue.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. We appreciate that you all joined us today and we look forward to seeing you in the future. If you have any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to follow up with the Investor Relations team. Thank you and have a good day.
Doug Elliot: I will. So, Randy, when I think about injury types and I look across and we have spent time looking across fractures, sprains, contusions, slips and falls, et cetera, we see general uptick in frequency across all those injury types. So as I’ve described to you, we are looking deeply in the book. We’re seeing some of those trends in both small and middle. But I can’t sit here today based on the data and the reviews we’ve done and suggest here it’s only a couple of injury types. It looks a bit more broad-based and a bit more elevated in the experience worker defined by workers in position less than one year.
Doug Elliot: We certainly feel like right now our severity is in pretty good shape. We’re watching that carefully. This looks to us like numbers of accidents are up which is inside that frequency ratio and it looks isolated there. And I don’t feel the external litigation as a factor. I feel injury and experience as a driving factor.
Doug Elliot: Amit, let me try to just share a profile of our book of business. I’ll let you do the work of NCCI. So obviously our middle market book is extensive classes; so construction, manufacturing, retail, wholesale. Essentially we’re in the entire middle market space with very few exceptions. So it’s broad based and certainly that would be the case for our small commercial market as well. We offer pretty extensive product and there are a very few sectors of the economy that we don’t touch. So it’s not like we’re sitting here talking about a specialty based market that is lasered into two or three SIC Code. That’s not indeed the case with our book.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, I guess I can’t promise or suggest that I know exactly how the world’s going to play out in 2019. What we do think we have a good handle on is how 2018 is playing out. I would say to you that we’ll have a great sense of where frequency lands for the 2018 accident year within a quarter or two into '19. These are not long developing estimates on the frequency side. It’s claims in the door. The first quarter is relatively mature right now from '18. Second quarter is maturing as we speak. And so it’s a fast line to measure. The work we’re doing in terms of trying to predict and make our best assessment of '19 is going on as we speak which is why we’ll bring it altogether in February when we talk and give you our predictions for 2019.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, you’re right. The absolute level of performance across comp across multiple sectors is very healthy right now and certainly our book demonstrates that as well. The other fact is that as rates are worked on across the industry and loss cost trends are filed by the NCCI and carriers like ourselves are adopting multipliers and dropping our own experience over the top, they’re using prior experience periods. So as I look out across the various states and I think about the various effective dates for the changes dropping into '19, they’re still looking back at prior years which are very healthy. So we’re balancing that. We’re obviously working levers in our own underwriting machines trying to make sure that our underwriters have the greatest sense of where we sense trends are. We’re adjusting based on experience to the account, what we know about the class, et cetera, et cetera, and bringing all that to bear and making choices to either write, renew or to not offer a quote when we feel like the price won’t match our fundamental economic goals.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I see a pretty stable environment non-comp across all the other lines and I expect to see that into the fourth quarter. So I don’t see any drivers of change with the one exception that we continue to see weather in certain parts of the country and I expect to see a bit of tightening maybe in terms and also in pricing on the property side geography based.
Doug Elliot: Relative to small what I would say is we have been a focused small business carrier for a long time. It’s a combination of underwriting acumen, platform, speed automation, retail relationships, et cetera, and that formula continues although in this new digital age we are refreshing that for a world where customers who want to reach out 24/7 and be serviced in different ways. So that is the formula. I think that’s driven our success and we clearly think that’s a great foundation going forward with adjustments we will continue to make. In the middle, it’s been slightly more competitive. I think that has at least been the case in my career that the cycles have had a bit more maybe amplitude to them over time. We see a lot of – we do see competition there. I think we’ve been successful. We are clearly in the last five to seven years growing our product breadth. Chris has talked to you about what The Navigators will add to our dimension. I think our underwriting acumen continues to improve. Yes, it’s a challenging environment but I think we’ve got great upside and I see us as a key player in that market for the long term. So I’m excited about our prospects. What’s happening now? I see these as kind of shorter-term challenges that we’ll work our way through but I love what we’re doing in middle and I think we’re going to be a terrific player there.
Doug Elliot: From a profit perspective, we’re very pleased about where we are; pleased about our performance, pleased about the trends we see in our book. So just an aggregate performance comment that yes, we’re very pleased about today. The other side is we’d like to be growing a bit more. And so as we have gone through, made changes to get the health back in the profitability piece, we know we’ve got to continue to adjust to get our new business stimulated. So we are keenly aware of that, focused on that, working every side of that as I have talked in prior quarters about what we’re doing inside our sales engine. What we’re working on the actuarial front and I’ve now seen progress as I’ve evidenced through the numbers I’ve shared with our direct auto ARP growth on new over the last couple of quarters. I expect that to continue and we’re working hard to make that happen.
Doug Elliot: Ryan, our accident year 2018 pick for comp, we feel very solid about it across all our lines of business and we’re assuming that our estimate of trends in those assumptions is solid and it will repeat itself in Q4. So that’s about all I can share. I feel like we’re on top of what we need to. I don’t expect any surprises but I also don’t think we’re going to see a world return to negative frequency in the next three months.
Doug Elliot: Mike, our homeowners’ book has been running really sound this year. We’ve worked on that for the last three to four years. So as we rebuilding auto both in the financial health and the product, we were also doing a lot of work at homeowner. So I attribute our strong performance, number one, to the underwriting actions, the earned pricing actions over the last couple of years. And then there’s always volatility and this is a pretty good quarter. So I’m not going to suggest that we’re not going to ever have volatility again in line but I feel pretty good about our homeowners’ line. And our ex-cat weather is running very favorable at the moment.
Doug Elliot: Josh, I don’t have that. What I did say is that our accident year '18 number in middle market is up 3.5 points over the '17 accident year number, that’s 3.5. We did move that in the quarter. A couple of points. I don’t have the dollar component of that but it’s just math. So it’s 1 million not tens of millions.
Doug Elliot: The frequency trend’s really going back five, six, seven years, but even longer than that have generally been favorable and negative. So that’s the overall industry and certainly our book has performed equally as well. So we’re talking single digit minuses going back in time. That did move to this moderate single digits, small-single digits, mid-single digits as we moved into 2018 accident year.
Doug Elliot: Tom, when we think about severity we separate the medical from the non-medical and both parts of severity look pretty much in check. So we are aggressively managing with our claim resources and talented medical executives inside the claim – the medical side and feel good about that, feel good about our workers’ compensation networks, feel good about our strategies and I think are doing a lot to control the medical costs inside our workers’ compensation environment. On the non-medical, our expectation and what we’re seeing in our trends is very moderated. So pleased about those trends, right in line with expectations and as an all-in basis the severity estimates are pretty much on top of what we’re seeing. So I feel good about the severity end of the story.
Doug Elliot: Brian, I look across and we’re spending time on our loss trends across all the lines. And yes, I have talked about liability in the past and we’re watchful of that. We’ve seen a little bit across the industry not just in our book but others have talked about product, others have talked about D&O. It’s a watchful area for us. But in general our loss trends across the non-workers’ comp line is basically in line with our expectations for the year.
Doug Elliot: I would say it’s more about equal to trend in the aggregate. And again, there is a property story off to the side of this with cat that we all have to come to grips with, right. We’re disappointed in our cat results and have some work to do in our cat pricing, in our cat underwriting, et cetera. But that aside, generally I think we’re holding serve relative to our margins and our non-comp lines.
Doug Elliot: Good question. We actually obviously watch for that carefully. Our incidence trends and group disability continue to run very strong, but we are watchful. But we don’t see anywhere near or anything like what we’re seeing in workers’ comp but know that we’re on that as well in our group business.
Doug Elliot: Yes, our loss pick in total in small as we estimated trends and pricing in the year all-in contains everything we’re seeing including a little uptick in frequency in the first nine months of the year.
Doug Elliot: We’ll try to do this in five or six sentences or less. It’s a much longer conversation. But essentially we have now installed a new claim platform over our 5,000 desk throughout claim. And the ability to access what I’ll call structured data and to slice and dice and be on top of it and to look at your metrics and watch your trends is much advanced from where we were five years ago. And so we have monthly and weekly discussions but we’re sitting on top of trends that candidly five years ago were very manual in nature to try to get our arms around and they were slower than we’d like to them to be. And so it’s a completely different environment and one that I think is leading to outstanding claim performance.
Doug Elliot: So, Bob, the 3.5 points of change occurred over the three quarters, primarily the last two quarters because Q1 didn’t change much. And essentially half of that change was in Q2 and half of it in Q3. So in our Q3 change of a couple of points, two thirds of that change would have related to the first two quarters of the year in terms of impact in the quarter.
Doug Elliot: Good question. We certainly can ask the questions of our prospective clients and renewable clients how fast they’re growing on the payroll side, how many new workers do they expect? So you can get a sense by looking at their payroll and their sales projections, et cetera. Sean, we’re trying to do all that and more today as we speak kind of leaning into this environment trying to understand where those sectors and those clients are that need a little more rate if they’ve got a lot of inexperienced at the desk level or at the machinery level.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I think it’s the latter, Sean. It’s a book we have. We don’t want to call it runoff or discontinued per se but it’s probably – AARP has got 100% plus of our attention in energy going forward.
Chris Swift: Yes, as I said in my prepared commentary, we’re beginning the integration planning process and I think it would be realistic to assume that we’ll look at what Navigators does between now and closing with any reserve positions and may our adjustments at closing. So there is really nothing that we can comment upon now until we own the property.
Chris Swift: Doug, I think you really pointed out too that we are spending more to stimulate response – responses are up, conversions are up, new business period-over-period is up. We’re working with ARP differently about how we can begin to market to their membership base. The partnerships’ never been stronger or more vibrant in my particular point of view. And I think '19 growth will start to kick in, in a more meaningful way that you’ll be able to see, Mike.
Chris Swift: Sure. I’m just going to tag onto Doug’s last comment on the prior question on fourth quarter and basically heading into '19. Remember the frequency numbers we quote is a rate of change. It’s not an absolute I’ll call it numeric level of frequency. So my noneconomic analysis is we should not see a continued rate of change increase even at low employment levels given time does help with training or job skills. So as long as employment doesn’t lag down to, say, in the 2.5% range I think there is a general level of stability in the workforce education training in the sectors that Doug mentioned. But again, it’s something to watch which again with our advanced data and analytics we’re all over. I think your commentary on the stock price, we share your frustration, if I could read between the lines. We think we’re doing the right things to create shareholder value over a longer period of time and we’re going to continue to do what we believe is right. And the only thing that Beth and I will particularly do is just spend a little bit more time with investors communicating, being crystal clear on priorities, execution going forward. So that’s probably the big thing that I see that we could do at this point in time.
Chris Swift: Yes, I do. If I think about intrinsic value, if I think about cash flows, if I think about starting points on ROEs and margins, this is a modest pull back in a margin or a loss ratio point or two particularly as we head in '19. The fundamentals of our business are broad based business isn’t really changing. If I look at benefits in the numbers we’ve been putting up there, if I look at all the organic product lines that we’ve been building that will add meaningfully to earnings going forward, again, I still believe we’re doing all the right long-term things and can’t control short-term mark-to-markets and fluctuations and people’s views. All we’re going to try to do is to be as consistent as possible in producing the results that shareholders expect.
Chris Swift: I’ll let Beth talk about the corporate segment. But on mutual funds, again I think you can see the Talcott AUM roughly 16 million-ish – billion, excuse me, been pretty stable. So there should just by our ownership change to new owners and in and by itself that will not going to change that relationship. Those funds inside the VAs are still managed by Wellington. So the only thing, Josh, there is just your views on how quickly has that block run off and what happens to the AUM if there’s any changes in market conditions and performance. But I don’t see much change right now. It should be pretty stable. Beth, can you add your color on --
Chris Swift: Generally, Brian, injuries versus true disabilities are uncorrelated except in high unemployment scenarios.
Beth Bombara: Yes. I’ll take that. So yes, we have seen on our disability book continued favorable experience and sitting here today we’d expect from a loss ratio perspective to see some continuation of that. Again, if you look at our development there it definitely has been higher than we would have expected. But again a lot of that is related to more recent experience, so you so sort of expect that experience to continue in the short term. It’s sort of different then when you think of longer-term P&C type liabilities where you’re making adjustments on very old accident years that maybe don’t indicate kind of current trends. So we’re very pleased with how that book is performing overall and like the momentum that we see.
Beth Bombara: Yes, again, if you go back and look at when we owned 100% of Talcott and again look at the net income numbers, because again oftentimes people focus on core earnings which are a little bit more predictable. But we’ll be picking up our share of their total net income which would include any impact of hedging. And we pointed it just could be volatile period-to-period, so I wouldn’t want someone to take $2 million for one month and assume that that’s sort of the run rate.
Beth Bombara: Yes, so on the corporate piece, again, as you pointed out there were a couple of moving pieces this quarter. I think the biggest one really I think is the reduction in interest expense when you kind of think about that from an ongoing perspective. A lot of the Talcott balances that I referenced, some of those kind of net out with the revenue versus the cost that we have. So when I look at the quarter, a 45 million loss for Q3, I kind of see that run rate going forward of being around 50-ish is kind of probably a safe place to be. And obviously that will change depending on what happens with debt cost and then as I said what the actual income pickup we get quarter-to-quarter from the Talcott piece, because again this quarter it was 2 million. I would expect that to bounce around a bit.
