Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hartford first quarter 2014 conference call. Our speakers today include Liam McGee, Chairman, President and CEO; Douglas Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; and Chris Swift, CFO. Other members of our executive management team are also present and available for Q&A, including Beth Bombara, President of Talcott Resolution. As described on Page 2 of the slides, today's presentation includes forward-looking statements as defined under Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements, and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the earnings release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that our 10-Q will be filed by the end of this week. I'll now turn the call over to Liam.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you, Chris. We have about 30 minutes for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Lisa, could you please give the instructions for Q&A.
Sabra R. Purtill: Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We certainly appreciate your interest in The Hartford. And Shannon and I are available after the call for any follow-up questions you might have. Thanks, and goodbye.
André A. Napoli: Thanks, Doug, and good morning. Consumer Markets delivered strong first quarter results that continued the positive momentum created in 2013. During the quarter, consumer generated written premium growth of 6% year-over-year. Sequential policy growth in both auto and home, while simultaneously improving underlying margins. Let's start with margins. Overall, despite the winter activity that drove elevated non-CAT frequency across all lines, we produced 1.2 points of underlying margin improvement. In homeowners, winter storms and the unseasonably cold weather that hit the Eastern half of the country unfavorably impacted our non-CAT home loss ratio by 4 points. During the quarter, we experienced large increases in non-CAT weather claim frequency, particularly from frozen pipes. In auto, the weather also contributed to increased physical damage frequency. On the other hand, auto liability frequency and severity trends remained modestly positive. Finally, our expense ratio improved over a point compared to last year due to direct marketing efficiencies, coupled with the benefit of increased scale. Now let's move to the top line. Written premium growth for the quarter was driven equally by new business production and improving retention. Auto new business grew 20% with production coming from all channels. Agent ease of doing business is critically important to us and we spent a large part of 2013 working on new business throughput in this channel. Our team thoughtfully reviewed agency back and implemented numerous workflow improvements, resulting in a 7% increase in quotes and a 32% increase in issues over last year. These improvements helped drive auto new business production in AARP Agency and other agency, which grew 46% and 31%, respectively. Now let's shift to AARP direct top line, where new business grew 10%. This growth was largely enabled by a 29% increase in response, as we continue to optimize our direct marketing by driving leads for more cost effective, online sources. During the quarter, 78% of our responses came from online shoppers, up 7 points from a year ago. Our AARP direct marketing has improved significantly over the past couple of years, while leveraging better analytics and quicker test and learn capabilities to more efficiently target shoppers who will respond to our Hartford AARP offerings. Strong premium retention is also driving growth. Targeted renewal pricing and increased policy retention contributed to a 1 point increase in auto premium retention, including a 2 point improvement in agency auto. Home premium retention is also up 1 point. Overall, we are very pleased with our growth and we we're mindful of balancing that growth with a strong underwriting focus, managing both on a very dynamic basis from state to state to optimize our total return. Focusing on Auto. We're very happy with AARP growth in states like Florida, Illinois and Arizona, and agency growth in Texas, Connecticut and Pennsylvania. We also have some states who are actively managing like California, where we're taking both rate and non-rate actions to combat loss cost pressure and to decelerate growth a bit. In New York, where the rate we've taken combined with non-rate actions, for example, restricting new business flow through filters and comparative raters, our actions are working and new business growth has slowed. Consistent with our results this quarter, where the auto current accident year loss ratio was essentially flat with prior year, we're confident the actions we've taken and will take during the remainder of 2014, will continue to keep earned pricing ahead of lost costs. In closing, we're proud of our first quarter results continuing the momentum from 2013, improving margins, expanding top line growth and growing policies in-force. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2014, we'll actively monitor growth, we'll take rate to stay ahead of loss trends and implement other non-rate actions where appropriate. We are confident in our ability to achieve our 2014 objectives and that our core strategy remains strong and on track. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
André A. Napoli: Mark, this is Andy. Yes, we believe that we should sustain 1.4 point improvement throughout the year.
André A. Napoli: Yes. So all-in personal line, 2.7 points of non-CAT weather, all auto and home combined relative to last year.
André A. Napoli: Jay, it's Andy. Thanks for the question. Yes, we feel great about our growth and it's absolutely a reflection of the momentum we created in 2013 across all the channels. So I talked about agency channel ease of doing business, so I won't spend any time on that. But don't underestimate the power that, that can have in that channel for agents and CSRs to place more and more business with us. We've grown our AARP Agency appointments almost 12%. We now have 7,200 agent locations out there that are taking advantage of that terrific program. We've also begun rolling out a new class plan for auto that has the effect of expanding our underwriting sweet spot, if so to speak. We traditionally had a strong focus on more mature, older AARP members, and that very methodical and disciplined expansion of that sweet spot is starting to hit the market. So we've got a lot of things sort of hitting at the same time in the agent channel that are contributing to the growth and then just better execution and marketing in our AARP direct channel and class plan implementation there that also serves to open up our underwriting aperture.
Christopher John Swift: Thank you, Liam. I think your point is right on. I think, Mark, if you put into context that HLIKK was really a standalone business unit in Japan, reallocated a small amount of holding company expenses to Japan. When I mean small, you think in terms of $20 million, $25 million after-tax -- or excuse me, pretax. And we'll put that part of our efficiency objectives and we'll get out as quickly as we can, but it's relatively small.
Christopher John Swift: Mark, from the hedging side, I will just reiterate, we are going to continue to hedge from now until closing. That's important as we try to lock in our capital benefit. I think as you forward, in U.S. block, we still spend at 30 to 40 basis points of hedging cost. The macro program cost is approximately $75 million. So I do think we'll have the opportunity, with Bob Rupp's leadership, to recalibrate our U.S. hedging programs. And that's on the list, and we'll update you as we modify it going forward.
Christopher John Swift: John, it's Chris. How about if I frame it that the $1.4 billion capital benefit is obviously the gross impact of that combination. I think when you think about it, what we announced our capital management plan for 2014 and '15, you would say as our thinking, this transaction overlaid with that plan. We would say that there's an incremental $1 billion of capital that will be available to supplement that plan. And as you know, we're going to work on it with -- we're going to work on closing the transaction first and then, simultaneously, that will work on our plans. And again, consistent with our past actions, I think we demonstrated the ability to be balanced to achieve our deleveraging goals while returning excess capital to shareholders.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I mean, the way we think about it is the capital that's in the U.S. entity, we'll work with our regulators to do an extraordinary dividend to get it out. The cash that's going to come from the sale of the legal entity in Japan will go directly to the holding company. But all that totals in incremental billion dollars compared to our announced plan.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. John, I'm looking at the supplements. So I always think in terms of -- at the Corporate segment, there's about $60 million to $70 million of pretax operating expenses up there in addition to the interest expense -- yes, for the year -- I'm sorry, that's for the year. So that will continue to be there, with the -- just the catchfall from some unallocated expenses to the line. So think about it as $50 million to $60 million for an annualized basis pretax within there going forward.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. Yes, on the adverse development, I'll add my comments and Doug might have a view. I think you're kind to notice that we've worked hard to getting the balance sheet right and we believe it is right. I would also tell you that I think we have better collaboration amongst the financial reserving actuaries and the business actuaries, Doug and myself, so that our current year picks, at least over the last 2 years, I think we are more confident about those picks. There's more real time data that goes into our planning process and quarterly process. So Doug, I think we feel that the process that we go through is just tighter, more realtime and better data and to give comfort out on those picks.
Christopher John Swift: Erik, what I would say, if you look at our printed results in the supplement for U.S. Life statutory surplus of $7 billion, $1.4 billion of that is HLA. So the remainder $5 billion, $6 billion then would be the 2 Life legal entities that support Talcott. That $5 billion, $6 billion then is before the approximate $275 million loss. So you could think of it on a pro forma basis for that loss, we have $5.3 billion of surplus supporting Talcott runoff and that we have approximately $600 million of that -- on that surplus, that capital is allocated to VA Japan risk that, over time, will -- again an extraordinary dividend and extract, and return to the holding company. So I think, in total, we ought to think about what we have for Talcott runoff is about $4.7 billion of surplus on a pro forma basis, and our Group Benefits company has $1.4 billion of surplus.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I would say, Erik, that our thinking is very early and preliminary, so I wouldn't want to comment beyond that, that we do need to continue to delever. Our goals are geared towards the go-forward businesses and sort of where we need to be to support those businesses going forward and that will continue to require some deleveraging. How we do that, just give us a little bit more time and we'll come back to you.
Christopher John Swift: For the P&C business, I don't have it. I think in total that most of the cash flows relate to the new P&C business, Brian, because we put new money to work at about 3.9% and what was rolling off was about 4%.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Chris, yes, we're pleased that we're able to do 2 tranches. I think we've said before that we've been operating under a 10b5-1 plan that we put in place for the first and second quarter of late 2013. So we were very opportunistic, our agent was very opportunistic. But our current philosophy really hasn't changed as it relates to the program over the next 6 quarters. We want to be stable, consistent, generally ratable. But we do have opportunities to be opportunistic here in the second quarter remaining in the next 2 months. So generally, we're pleased with what we've done to date and we're going to continue and execute ratably over the next 6 quarters.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. Tom, it's Chris. I think one point of clarification, what we're saying about the $1 billion, that's the incremental to the capital management plan we announced for '14 and '15. So that is the incremental amount of capital that we will put to work. I think as far as your question regarding capital buffers, capital levels going forward is valid. And we are thinking, really second half of '14 into '15. Now that the legal entity separation work is done, and then I think you know why that was so important to put that out, it put us in a position to run Talcott's 2 remaining legal entities off over a longer period of time with the right targeted runoff capital levels. And we do have the ability to recalibrate that, with Bob Rupp's help, from the risk side. but our guiding principles will always be for Talcott to be self-sufficient in a stress scenario. So with that backdrop, yes, I do think there is some tolerances that we'll look at more closely and change going forward.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. I think about it just sort of total capital generation no matter if it goes through the P&L or directly to equity. So we still think in terms of -- Talcott has about $300 million to $400 million of annual capital generation. I think we got off to a good start, particularly in '14. So a lot of that was front-ended. But even beyond that, I think it's reasonable to project a steady dividend return from Talcott, that will be our philosophy. And it will be tied to excess capital and generating statutory surplus as these blocks run off.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. How to frame that, I think the way we think about it is that the dilutive impact on core earnings of Japan, we think the go-forward business is their growth with our incremental accretive capital management plans can offset that dilution and gives us a good shot at achieving a 10% ROE in '16.
Christopher John Swift: Randy, 2 points. One, I think implicit in that question, the way we think about it is that net income is going to become more and more important to us as we focus in growing book value per share and ROE. So net income, as you know, over the last couple of years, has been the de minimis or negative sometimes just given the amount of hedging, so I would also have that as a first thought. The second derivative is your core earnings comment then is -- what I was trying to say before is that, yes, I believe that the growth in our go-forward businesses, our efficiency saves, expense saves, the incremental accretive capital management actions, I think we can offset Talcott's Japan's core earnings decline starting in '16.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. But sort of the crossover point. What I'm saying is that the dilution, the $0.40 that you're talking about, the dilution in earnings, again, I think we could make that up over the next couple of years.
Douglas G. Elliot: Vince, I would describe the operating environment the last 60 days as relatively consistent. So I don't see any major changes out there. Excited about the progress we made in the quarter, sales achieved across our businesses, as I noted, really positive signs for the franchise. But I still see a very rational environment that is allowing us to compete effectively.
Douglas G. Elliot: Vince, let me add a few points to that. One is we had some pressure on our non-CAT weather inside Commercial Markets in the first quarter. Not big, big numbers, but clearly states that we're borderline, ISO-defined CAT-ers, et cetera, so a couple of points of pressure there inside our property lines. Secondly, we feel we also had some frequency in the auto line just because of weather. So we had commercial drivers out on the roads for extra hours, et cetera. And we know, as we look at geographies, it had some pressure in the quarter. And the last piece I'd throw to you, maybe a contrarian thought to you. In comp, we think we saw a little bit in the frequency area just based on weather. So whether it be employees on the job sites with more challenging temperatures, ice, et cetera. So we actually looked at our first quarter frequency numbers and comp and think we saw a little bit of lift in areas that had those adverse temperatures.
Douglas G. Elliot: Jay, I would totally agree with Chris' comments. We just feel very good about the process and we jumped on issues early. Just we're solid about where we are.
Douglas G. Elliot: Absolutely. Good progress to report. We now are out in the market with our critical illness product, feel good about that, and working on that product with several customers as we speak. And I expect as we move toward the latter half of 2014, we'll be also in the market with accident for a 1/1/15 launch as well. So excited that revamped our FLEX disability, out with critical illness and accident to come shortly.
Douglas G. Elliot: Chris, I'm not sure I would add any to what I shared to my opening comments. Again, recently balanced marketplace, from own perspective, very much improved profile of our businesses, small and middle, and we talked about Group Benefits as well. Like the product balance in the marketplace, we'd still be driven by our product analytics. And '15 is a long way out, but feel very good about the start of '14, and we'll jump into the second quarter as we ended the first.
