Beth Costello: Yes, Elyse I'll take that. We did increase the dividends in P&C and group benefits. Just slightly, I would say the ranges that were providing, I was right, a good basis for thinking about things in the future. And I wouldn't at this point, point to an expectation of increasing will those will comment on you know, 23 and, and beyond when we get there.
Beth Costello: I would agree. And back to the specific question, again, Greg that you had a medical inflation index is that we just we haven't changed that long term view. So the fact that we're saying 5%, compared to what has been benign in the last several years that's not new, and not reflective of a change and how we think about that trend.
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree. And as we look again specifically at the 2020 year, obviously a lot of distortion because of COVID. And so our view is to be cautious. And as Chris said, let those years season a bit before we make any adjustments.
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree with that comment. Overall, I mean, we did increase slightly from prior year reserves for general liability. But it was really just a handful of, I would call them, one-off losses that as we made our final judgments for the quarter, thought that it was prudent to book a bit more in those lines as a percentage of the overall carried reserves in those lines, very, very small. So again, not indicative of a trend that's different from what we've seen, just wanted to be cautious, as I said as we closed out the quarter.
Beth Costello: Yes, Alex, thanks for the question. So as I said we do anticipate to see the yield ex-LPs to continue to increase. I may have you look at some of the details that we have in our investor financial supplement that show you some of the other lines besides just fixed maturities that contribute to that. So we do have some equity funds that had albeit small negative marks this quarter, but that also impacted the compare year-over-year. But when I look at just the fixed maturity yield, we are seeing the pickup as, again, new money yields are outpacing what we're seeing from a sales and maturity perspective.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, this is Doug. So the 6.1 is consistent with all our former pricing metrics over the last decade and includes an element of exposure that works against loss trends. So it is not complete exposure. But there's an element we call all other insurance included in that noted in our definition, the supplement. And that's about a point and a half overall.
Doug Elliot: Chris, I'd only add that as we watch the indicators, new business starts the health of that, through the middle part of July, looks very strong still. Remind you, Greg, that the Fortune 1000, although an important segment, we are not out balance that direction. So, our portfolio runs across Middle, strong and middle, small, etcetera. And when I think about the labor market, there still seems to be high demand for top labor. So from a comp perspective, I'm still optimistic that as we go through the next several quarters, we will perform our products will be marketed. And I'm holding optimism as I kind of move into Q3.
Doug Elliot: Yes, so maybe just a few thoughts on last chat in general been a lot of discussion about it, and we're spending a lot of time here at the company. I mentioned a long term medical inflation ticker five. We've not moved off that for several years. Yes, we have seen some care of benign medical inflation over the last couple of years but our view is that through the longer period, it's prudent for us to hold those picks. And if you looked at our workers comp triangles, you've seen that we've been very steady, right? This quarter, we had some releases in comp, but really 2018, primarily and behind. So our 19 through 21 years are still holding them, we are watching to make sure that we've got all our calls in a row. I would also say to you that, the aggregate number by company, you've got to look at the mix of business, where we play where others mix by line of business. So we've got strong loss trend picks, and our excess casualty trends, trends that run from 9 to 13 property, commercial auto, so, our books does tend to mix a little smaller than some that we compete with. But I feel like we've got very solid loss trend picks in our across commercial and personal lines where we see something we address it like we did this quarter with personal lines. But, I think we have a prudent process that's been diligent and responsive to what we see in our last triangles. And we're pricing accordingly.
Doug Elliot: Yes Brian, I think Chris commented in his earlier remarks that we think we're about 100 basis points on top of our call for loss trend in 2022. So that's where we sit relative to the 6.1. We consistently look at that. You can imagine this is an evolving item. But really, as I commented, our loss picks for the year our loss trends for the year, haven't moved a lot in commercial over the past two quarters. They've moved in personal but we're watchful that and we're particularly careful in terms of the potential recession that may be in front of us, but we'll wait and see and make those calls as conditions change.
Doug Elliot: I think that's basically what we're seeing right now. I would call that up a pretty dynamic view as of today. Brian.
Doug Elliot: Yes, it's the written view. So I'll give you a written current view of pricing and a view of the last run. Yes.
Doug Elliot: Well, we certainly have been watchful of courts coming out of the recessionary period, 2020 and 2021. So I would say that it's a high watch area. But in terms of our triangles, I don't think we're seeing any data that is surprising to us. What we are dealing with at the moment is a is dam environment, used car, labor and other issues that has caused us to change our picks. And we've changed them obviously appreciably in the second quarter, and we'll watch what happens in the third quarter, which is why we moved our guidance, Brian.
Chris Swift: Well, again, I think we saw during the first phase of the pandemic there was a disproportionate amount of slowdown in small business, Doug. Whether we get to ever that point again, Greg, remember, I mean that was such a unique environment where the economy basically shut down. People weren't traveling; they weren't going out to small businesses. They weren't going out to restaurants. They just weren't -- they were hunkered down. So I think that's 1 extreme. And the other extreme is just particularly with inflation, people are going to have to think about disposable income differently and activities that could impact a certain level of small business, Doug, but I wouldn't see anything like what we experienced during the pandemic.
Chris Swift: But the time to repair, Doug, from a supply chain side is extended. So it means potentially rental cars being rented longer. I don't have the exact number of days in front of me that we've extended out the time to repair a car, Brian, but it is extending.
Chris Swift: David, I'd remind you that specialty book is almost approaching $3 billion, and it's a diversified book of D&L I would say some surety on London exposures, casualty. So yes, I'm really proud of what the teams worked hard at over the year since we acquired it. And it feels gratifying that from a strategic point of view, it's performing at this high level.
Chris Swift: I think you characterized it right. It's just -- it is an app pattern year, and we're just being generally cautious until it fully seasons to our judgment.
Chris Swift: Paul, I'll start and then Doug and Beth can add their commentary. I think we've commented in the past on social inflation that it's not a new phenomenon. We've had many years of experience, particularly with mass torts and some of the claims that we had to deal with. We got a world class claims organization that has got a deep, deep expertise in handling casualty exposures of this sort. But yes, as the courts reopen, we do believe that there will be at least a clearing of the existing inventory and we'll have to see what trends emerge at a point in time. I don't think there's any new trends as we sit here today that we're really, really concerned about. We've talked about some of our reviver status issues or  issues that we think we've put behind us. But jury awards are going up. No doubt about it. It's clear in our data. That's why when Doug talks about casualty loss picks in the 9% to 13% range we're trying to be prudent and reflect what we think is continued activity of just larger awards. But Doug but, as we sit here today there's nothing new coming out of our book at this point in time.
Chris Swift: Thanks, Josh. Yes, we have rolled out some new capabilities to have a better enrollment experience. Again I think a lot of the things that we do across the organization we think we're leading the way. But we know it's a competitive marketplace and a lot of fast followers that can replicate new things that come to the market, Josh. But as evidenced by our strong earned premium growth, I think the group benefit, the better days of group benefit are still ahead of it as far as a real need for the products that we offer and particularly some of the voluntary offerings we have of medical supplement, critical illness, accidental activities are really increasing and those carry strong profit margins for us. So I think that the whole equation is coming together and then our continued investment in our broad based digital capabilities and I feel really good about where we're positioned today, Josh.
Chris Swift: Tracy, Prevail is -- platform, right? It's the platform, it's the products, it's the digital capabilities that we're bringing to the market. But remember our book of business in auto and home, we've enjoyed $3.5 billion of premium over the years so that lifetime cycle that you're talking about is deeply embedded into our capabilities and how product season, how customers green. Remember, we have more flexibility today with Prevail because we have no lifetime guarantees so that the funnel that we had open for new business in the old days when we have lifetime guarantees, needed to be very restrictive because you in essence, we're marrying that customer for potentially a long time. So the flexibility we have with Prevail is dramatically different, but the methodology in our thinking, Doug, is very consistent.
Chris Swift: Yes. I think that claim comment you made, Alex, is the key. We're probably -- we are carrying excess staff to remain cautious if there's another surge of COVID. Obviously, we're dealing with obviously very good mortality trends. But particularly in our STD book, we are carrying excess capacity just to see how things play out for the fall in the winter season. And then I would also say that -- so that's a temporal item you could characterize. But the increase in IT spend particularly in digital and some of the other things that we're investing in is also evident in there. That's probably for the next couple of years, there's a couple of big projects that we want to complete in that area. So the IT spend might remain elevated. But as we grow our top line, though, we do have expectation that expense ratios will start to moderate and improve as we grow. But where we're at for the first six months of the year, I think, is a pretty good full year run rate.
Doug Elliott: Yes, David, let me start. I think annually, the 7 point change is roughly 4-ish points of loss and 3 points expense. I thought you were going to ask about the quarter 1 versus 2. I think that in quarter 1, we had some risks relative to Russia-Ukraine that we booked losses for us. So that really does explain the 2022 roll between quarter 2 and quarter 1, but I shared with you the 4 and 3 components of the 7 from last year.
Doug Elliott: I don't feel one-off at the moment. I do feel very pleased about the progress we've made. It's a result of not only aggressive and sustained pricing over the last couple of years, but also underwriting actions. We've been taking underwriting actions throughout our book internationally and domestically. So I'm very pleased about all of that. I do feel like that specialty business should sustain and have significant profit contributions to our company, and we expect that to continue, and we hope to grow that business and become a bigger part of our franchise over time.
Doug Elliott: David, I'd add just maybe 1 other thought over the last three years. We spent a lot of time on integration and feel good about that progress. We have pivoted over the last six months and are now working harder on data analytics. So the work relative to data science and analytics and how we evolve those pricing models and beat in the marketplace. Those are some of the reasons that I have optimism that we will continue to be an excellent top-tier player in specialty. And so I think our future is bright there, and I really believe we're just getting started.
Doug Elliott: Yes, David, we don't share that number. But you're right, it would be down slightly. And then that comes to our frequency call on comp, which we don't share externally. But we talked about it, it's been very, very moderate. In fact, over the past couple of years, we've had extended periods of negative frequency. So that's too much data to share with a couple of our competitors, but our book continues to perform. We watch frequency carefully. I think our calls are appropriate, and it's a line that we know well and we'll continue to compete effectively over time.
Doug Elliott: Yes. Mike, in the quarter, we did have a one-off and had a large property loss and some reinsurance reinstatement associated. So that was the cause a couple of points inside middle just from that one loss. I think those things are episodic. They happen over time in the property space, nothing at this point more than that.
Doug Elliott: Well, I think that that's a fair comment. I also would say that we are very effective relationships with all of the states. So it's an active process. It's actually been an active process, as you know since the third quarter of last year. I'm encouraged by the momentum. I think as we move through the next two quarters, that momentum will continue to pick up and quite bullish about what we're going to see in the supplement in Q3 and Q4, so encouraged about that. But yes, there are lots of things that we manage our way through state by state, and I think it's just part of the process.
Doug Elliott: Josh, a very insightful question. And I can just share with you, given our new platform, the metrics and analytics that we're watching flow, where we're winning, quality of the book, had a whole series of diagnostics laid out in terms of expectations going in state by state. We're watching that match week by week. So I can tell you it's an exhaustive process. Everything we can see, we look like we expected and hoped to look. So again, I think it was a really good question and something that we take seriously and working our tails off out here.
Doug Elliott: Tracy, I would suggest to you that we're watching claim intake by segment for maturity of worker. We are expanding and have worked at expanding our appetite in small. We do have an excess and surplus offering. But I don't think our book is trending to E&S. I still think it is very high quality. We've got a series of metrics that help us score our book. And so from every angle that we can see and evaluate, I think we have an outstanding book of business. But yes, in general, we are now pushing ourselves outside of what I might say would be a historically conservative risk appetite, Chris, to a little more bold, and maybe bold is too aggressive a word. But certainly, we're looking at other cells where we've not competed aggressively in history, and I think you'll see us with product in that space.
Doug Elliott: Yes, the life cycle component is a heart of our process for sure. So we're looking at current rate adequacy. We're also looking at our retentions and our profiles of customers. So I would agree with you that policy life cycle profitability is something that is an important part of that measure.
Doug Elliott: Yes, I would say that Prevail would be adopting some of those best practices that we've used historically in our personal lines pricing.
Doug Elliott: And I would add Chris, six month policies, too right? We had much more flexibility to deal with changes in the event that we make adjustments to our strategy.
