Christopher John Swift: John, it's Chris. So thanks for your question. I think the way we think about the RBC at the end of the first quarter in an approximate basis, I mean, it's north of 450% at HLA, but we have approximately $800-plus million of statutory capital at White River Re. And as we discussed on Investor Day, I mean, we're very encouraged by the capital flexibility that we're generating. While we don't have current plans to take out Life company dividends, I think we are putting ourselves in a position to do that by the end of 2014 or early '15.
Christopher John Swift: Well, Beth might be able to provide more color on that program. But from the cost side, I think about it as -- it's about $25 million after-tax in both the first quarter and the second quarter, John.
Christopher John Swift: Eric, it's Chris. I'll take the last one first. I think we talked about this at the Investor Day. Of our stress capital in the 900 scenario of $2.2 billion, we'd say the majority of it is at the holding company already. As far as the '13 and '14 plan, when -- as Liam said, when we communicate that, you ought to think about us using existing resources and considering capital generation capabilities for the remainder of '13 and '14 for our businesses. And that's what we'll communicate.
Christopher John Swift: I think, Tom, you are in the building blocks. I think you just need to keep in mind that you do have debt maturities coming due of $520 million. So if I understood your math, you added in the $300 million for the April debt issuance, but you didn't take out $520 million for '13 and '14 debt maturity. So with that minor point, I think you're thinking about it generally right. And we've said in prior settings that 2x interest and dividends feels good for us during this current period of time. So I would still have that in mind as a general rule of thumb.
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. It's a great question. I would say, generally, no, just to be clear. So what we experienced in the past, particularly this quarter, would not be repeatable going forward, particularly as Bob and Beth described, the new complete hedge program for equity and currency risk. So we took advantage of the market recovery both in FX and equity. We did participate in the upside, but that upside now of further yen weakening or equity market improvements in Japan has been basically curtailed. So as we think about it, any improvements there in the net economics will be offset by hedge losses going forward.
Christopher John Swift: Exactly. I would say it's -- we're in a new phase. I've used the terms. If you've heard me before, we're market-neutral to Japan, equity and currency exposure.
Christopher John Swift: Jimmy, it's Chris. On the guidance, I would just say there's probably 2 other items that are just going to affect comparability a little bit, is -- besides cat, there's always non-cat weather that has some seasonal impacts, particularly in the Indianapolis business. So we're probably picking up just higher normalized, seasonal non-cat weather. And then lastly, if you look at our partnership yield this quarter, we're about 9%. We do assume 6% going forward. So that might be just a slight little delta from the first quarter.
Christopher John Swift: The holding company interest and dividends would be the way I would think about it, Jimmy. And we have roughly $20 million, $25 million of unallocated holding companies expenses, so I would include that also.
Christopher John Swift: I guess I wouldn't use the word pushback, but I would say this, we hope and expect that our retentions over the next several quarters will improve. I think that will happen. Again, this is a territory-by-territory discussion. So we can have a different discussion about the West Coast than I would with Southeast or a Northeast. But in general, as I look at our overall performance, that's 1 area that I hope will improve in the coming quarters, and we're going to focus there. And particularly, where rate adequacy is at play, we'll be a bit more aggressive.
Douglas G. Elliot: I would say this, Chris, that in the prior first quarters, we've had some non-quarterly adjustments. I know in the first quarter '12, we had some adjusting for our '11 year. So that was a quarter that was really a bit out of sequence. I look at the first quarter '13 as largely symbolic of what we're doing. I think it's roughly a run rate-type quarter for us and very pleased with the progress we're making and look forward to the backside of this year.
Douglas G. Elliot: Maybe just the only other piece I would add, Chris, is that these quarters do tend to bounce around a little bit. We're on top of our expenses and obviously working hard to make sure that our run rate is moving ahead, are competitive in all our markets. First quarter tends to have some adjustment from prior year. So there were some adjustments to prior growth, particularly in the compensation area for agent accruals, but nothing that I would say would be way out of pattern. And we're pleased with progress here.
Douglas G. Elliot: Good morning, Randy. This is Doug. Really good question. Pleased with our progress through first quarter. And as I look -- we share in our supplement our combined ratios, x, x and straight up in the middle. There's still more work to be done. And as we have commented several times, a quiet cat quarter, rather talk to you 90 days after we kind of move through Q2. But I see action sustaining. I know that our approach in the marketplace is not going to shift at all. We're pleased with progress. But we still have more work to do to get in the territory of combined ratios that will produce the ROE that these businesses demand. And so I look at this as the middle of the game but pleased with where we're performing right now.
