Doug Elliot: Brian, so commercial auto has been a focus of ours for, Chris and I talked last night, at least five years. We had some signs in our book five to six years ago that were acceptable to us, so we worked on closing down some programs. We've been working great, hard. Again, our commercial auto book is largely the compliment to our middle market strategy in small commercial. So, it has been a core priority of ours. Keep in mind we're still not pleased, and don't think we've reached the end zone on where our returns are today in commercial auto, but they are much improved from where they were a couple of years ago, and we'll continue to work at the line as we close up 2018. I feel very satisfied, confident in our reserve calls on the prior years.
Doug Elliot: Yes, it's a good question. So, yes, we expect some margin compression in the comp, but we also think that we're going to see improved results across general liability, property, and again we're going to work great, and we think we can improve our auto book as well. So, rate and underwriting attacking those three other lines, I think we're going to see an improved number for performance in 2019. And I think that'll offset some of the workers' comp compression.
Doug Elliot: Let me take that, Mike. For the year, our non-cat losses in property were pretty much on our expectations. I would say in our middle market business, slightly elevated to our normal pattern, so something that's got our attention, but nothing more than that, and then in small commercial had a very good year.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I'm sorry. Let me be very specific. The fourth quarter compare, which did flatten out, so I'm talking zero would have been a compare to fourth quarter of '17, okay. Every time we do our quarterly comparison we're looking at same quarter last year, so that would've been an improvement over the prior several quarters where we had positive frequency change, meaning more workers' compensation claim losses in the quarters compared to the same quarter prior year.
Doug Elliot: Our thought process that we've shared externally that it looked to us like '18 was going to be a bit of the step change, '17 was a terrific year, maybe the best year we've seen in quite some time in comp. The absolute level now that we expect moving forward, probably looks more like '16 than '17, but at this point we don't see something further deteriorating from the earlier part of the year, and we're watching the economy, as I said before, very closely.
Doug Elliot: Yes. I was really referring, Tom, to the full-year. We felt very good about the full year. As you know a lot of the Group Benefit sales they lean into the first half of the year. So I feel very good about the overall effort particularly way they are writing a book. And then I did comment further about the beginning of '19 which we feel pretty good about. And when I say, "Pretty good," we have some nice successes. We had a paid family leave at new case that came out on all 1/1/18. So when I adjust for that and look at our core disability and core life sales, I feel very good about 2019.
Doug Elliot: So many of our accounts are rated on their own experienced base, so it really is a case-by-case answer for much of our national account book, but let me just step back. We feel really good about these last 15 months as it pertains to how the Aetna book has combined the talent, the ability for us now to stand up a very different unique claims platform. So, yes, I am feeling very bullish about our ability to compete in the marketplace. There are situations where we are giving back a little bit of rate because of the performance. There are also some cases that need a little bit more rate. And we have been able to achieve that. So I think a really strong year in '18 and off to a good start in 19.
Doug Elliot: Paul, let me give you some color. So as I think about our return to growth in Personal Line, number one, we are very pleased with the progress on the profitability front. Our new sales in Personal Lines were up as you can see in the chart materially from last year. We expect more of that moving forward. Our direct ARP auto sales in the fourth quarter new to new 4Q to 4Q were up roughly 24%. I expect more quarters like that as we move into next year. So, we are working hard as more and more of our territories are rate adequate to compete in the marketplace appropriately. And I think that continued trend is within our side and certainly expectations for 19.
Doug Elliot: Josh, okay, let me take them in each of the pieces and then Beth and Chris can come over the top. So relative to the Personal Lines -- all in Personal Lines, the first thing I would say is that it really was an outstanding non-cat homeowners' year. So our performance far exceeded really the last three years - five years et cetera. So, as we think about that moving forward, our pick on homeowners was a longer-term year which wasn't quite as positive as the outstanding year in '18 that we had. Relative to auto, we are watching the line. As you know, we work hard at that line over time. We are also spending more dollars on the marketing side. So, you are seeing a little bit of expense move there that is direct and something that we want to do to stimulate new sales. So, we are very sensitive to where the overall performance in the line is. Feel very solid about our picks for accident '18 and '17, so I think we're in a good spot. But as we move into '19, you're going to feel a little marketing, and then we'll watch how pricing and loss trend move together. I would note that others and including industry data has seen a little pickup in collision severity, so it's something that we're watchful of. Our book isn't demonstrating the trends at fast track data is showing, but we're clearly watching that carefully as things like new bumpers and you know, headlights, the replacement of those parts, I think is starting to kind of work its way into last trend in Personal Lines auto.
Doug Elliot: Well, maybe as I think about adding something and the earlier questions maybe an example that just came across my desk a couple of days ago of what -- when I talk about increased economic activity and sometimes the pressure that puts on workers comp. I saw a claim come across, essentially it was a manufacturing client we've had for many years. Their demand to British product has grown substantially in the last nine months. So they took a piece of equipment that had been offline for five to seven years, put it back online and the third day it was in service not noticing that the safety guard was not attached. You know, we had a major hand-arm accident with a worker and that's the kind of claim -- that piece of equipment was not in use during what I would say level demand times over the last three to five years. And now with -- you know, in certain sectors, a little bit of needed increase in output, we had a loss that we might not have had last year or the year before. That's just a little example of why we're watching this economic activity so carefully.
Doug Elliot: Okay. On the worker's comp side, we continue to reflect on positive experience in our prior accident years, so as we go quarter-by-quarter, Beth and I and our team actuaries sit down, and those calls we think were appropriate given what we saw coming out of the prior year, so feel very good about our positions in all our booked action years. Relative to GL, we've seen a little bit of product liability, adverse experience in the last couple of years, so we are watchful of that, but the moves in GL for prior have largely been in the product liability area.
Beth Bombara: Yes, it's a great question. So, when we do our projections for dividend to the holding company we do tend to look at sort of over the long-term what we've seen from a performance perspective so that we have a strong degree of confidence that even if business activities are a little different from our outlook, that those dividends can still come to the holding company. So, over time, if we see those businesses performing strongly we could expect to see increase in dividends in outer years, but we try and go into our planning period putting some degree of looking at just kind of historically what we've seen there.
Beth Bombara: Sure. Yes, it can be a little complicated when you look at the line item by line item view of corporate. But I think if you step back from it there's really two primary drivers of our results in corporate. The first is going to be interest expense after tax and our preferred dividend. So, if you look at 2019, we'd expect that to be about $230 million and you'd expect to see that pretty ratable over the four quarters. And then on investment income it's really going to be a function of just what cash we have at the holding company. So again, right now it's a little elevated. I'd expect that to come down, and we're probably more in the $10 million to $15 million range for invested income. And those are really the two primary drivers of what you see in corporate. There obviously is other activities as it relates to the investment management fees that we get from managing the assets of Talcott, but those are pretty much offset by the cost of performing those services, so there's not a lot that drops the bottom line on that. And then the last item I'd point to us obviously we'll be picking up our share of our interest in Talcott, the 9.7% ownership that we have, and like obviously that can vary. So when I put all that together and you sort of look through it, kind of getting to more normalized run rate and investment income, you're looking at a loss per quarter in the $45 million to $50 million range.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So, agree, I'll take both of those questions. So, on the tax receipts in '19, they're coming from two sources. One would be a refund that we're due relative to our AMT credits, and those AMT credits, and those we'll receive shortly after we file our tax return. So, we typically file our tax return in the third quarter. We'll obviously look to see if there's things we can do to speed that process up, but that's dependent on that. And then the NOL, the way that that works through our tax sharing arrangements with the subsidiaries is we true up quarterly kind of where we are vis-à-vis estimates of taxable income, so there's a source of cash flow that's kind of coming in each quarter related to that. And when you think about the projection that we have for tax receipts that we shared, I'd say a little bit more than half of that is from NOLs, with the remainder coming from AMT. And then for holding company resources, yes, in the past we've talked about one to one-and-a-half times. We've been grading down to one time as sort of the risk profile of the company itself has changed, and so again that's a target. It's not an absolute amount, but we feel comfortable being able to maintain holding company liquidity there as we sort of assess all of our access to liquidity across the company.
Beth Bombara: And I'm assuming your question is on overall portfolio yield, not just in corporate. But as we look at where we ended the year and what our yield was on an ex-partnership basis before tax for 2018. We'd expect to see maybe some increase to that as we go into '19. And obviously to your point, we'll be really dependent upon just where reinvestment rates end up being for the full-year, but we're expecting to see a slight increase there.
Beth Bombara: I think the only thing I would add to that, Doug, is when you look at the year-over-year compare for the quarter, in the prior year we had a very strong one case sale that skewed the results when you look at it sort of year-over-year.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So on Group Benefits I will start with that, actually our practice has typically been to show margin. Last year, we did earnings just because with the Aetna acquisition we felt that it would be clear to just to give an earnings target rather than a margin. So we are actually returned for Group Benefits to our normal practice. And then for P&C investment income, we concluded that just hasn't been an area of -- an area that we needed to highlight that. I think people's model are pretty consistent on that. And as I answered previously as we look at investment returns ex-partnership, we would expect the yields to be maybe slight above last year. And then again as a reminder, when we think about yield on partnership we budget sort of assuming a long-term view of around a 6% yield. Obviously, we are much higher than that this year. But we would not project that in the subsequent year.
Beth Bombara: No, I'd agree with that. You know, one thing to keep in mind is the layer on our per occurrence treaty that we eliminated, was a layer that used to be able to go between either the per occurrence treaty, or the aggregate. And really all we've done is now put it into the aggregate, and increased the aggregate protection by another $25 million from what we had before. So really again, to your point as we look at our experience and where we see the potential for protection, we felt that that was a better use of our dollars.
Beth Bombara: Oh, thank you, Shelby. We appreciate you all joining us today, and look forward to seeing you at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Conference next week, or at AIFA in early March, if you are attending either of those events. And as always, if you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to follow-up with the Investor Relations team. Thank you, and have a good day.
Chris Swift: Elyse, improvement in frequency in both middle and small in the fourth quarter, and very stable, so pleased about that, and we're expecting that to continue into 2019, so I think you've got a fair summary of what we see moving out relative to frequency.
Chris Swift: Well, we're spending a lot of time paying attention to unemployment for sure. We're watching job growth; we're watching all the economic indicators, including sales. As we look out, we're obviously managing our book of business by territory, et cetera, but class, we're looking for high-growth industries, we're being very careful about how we price forward. So I think the general categories that I talked about in the third quarter call are all key areas that we're focused on. We're also spending a lot of time in our claim group making sure that we're doing everything possible with nurse case managers, managing major medical, our managed care networks; we're spending a lot of time because we think we have been able to bend the curve. We think our durations in comp are top of market, and the combination of sound underwriting and excellence in claims, think it's a really good formula for us to compete moving forward.
Chris Swift: Tom, I would just add from a top line orientation; remember, we've built over the last three years a voluntary capability. We've had added some new A&H products and refreshed some old one. We are doing things differently and creatively with some distribution relationships on the A&H side. So, we still think there is a momentum and upside potential from here. But it is competitive marketplace as you well know. There is lot of good competitors out there. But I think the agency brokers we deal with and the clients recognize that we've really upped our game. And we're seeing opportunities particularly in large case side we wouldn't have seen years ago. So we put it altogether particularly how the models and how actual results are performing compared to our purchase expectations, it been rock solid.
Chris Swift: Yes, Kai. Thank you for the question. So you are right. It doesn't include that we have been clear, Beth and I and Doug that once we close, we will update our guidance. So as we think about the $200 million of incremental core earnings before amortization in tangibles, I think we have laid out a path and a track that we have talked about before. And that basically 50% of that incremental increase will come from investment income and expense saved. A quarter of that incremental increase will come from what I would just describe as profit improvement opportunities in their book of business. And the other quarter would come then from synergies cross sell activities is how we would go to the marketplace. I would share and then Doug could add to his color that obviously he has announced the operating model and the organizational structure, but doing all that work getting to know the Navigator's team both domestically and internationally we have made trips there going back this weekend to London. I am coming away more and more impressed with the challenge, the skills, the deep underlying knowledge they have in the organization. I think just as a larger company, I think we can bring them more capabilities from the technology side, the management routine side while still being entrepreneurial, while still having a distributor decision making model. So I feel even more confident that this is going to fit like hand and glove going forward, Kai.
Chris Swift: Josh, and again between Beth and myself, we're looking hard at our historical catastrophe numbers in over the last 10 years, five years, in particular, and we decided to make an adjustment, because I think the trends were sort of undeniable, particularly from not only wildfire, which created all the attention the last two years, but winter storm activity, tornado, hail, you know, particularly, hail patterns moving, which I described in a non-meteorological sense eastward, you know, away from mountains more and more. So we did make a slight adjustment, I think it translates into roughly $50 million pretax, but again I think that the patterns are there. We adjust to it. I think it's more realistic, and ultimately, we need to begin to price and collect cash from the policyholders, but as you know regulators have a say in that. So it'll be baked into our pricing models going forward and then it's a matter of trying to collect from policyholders over a longer period of time.
Chris Swift: Sure, let me provide a little color. And I think the exposure in loss trends have exactly on, right, we see stability moving out ahead watchful and not moving off our long-term medical severity picks, but a flattening frequency. Relative to pricing, you know, as I said in my script I see pricing worker's comp flat to down. I think we're going to see a little more downward pressure in small commercial where we don't have the underwriting ability to deviate based on our current experiences much more group rated. So we're going to see a little more pressure minus single digits, small single digits, mid-single digits in small commercial. And then in middle market it's going to be a risk-by-risk evaluation, and again we see quite a bit of competition in the industry but I see that pricing being flat to down a couple of points as well.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think, it's probably premature to speculate on trading practices. I think Beth and we've been clear, historically, we've done things on a pro rata basis, but I think with this program and the intention to sort of foreshadow two years of demand, we'd rather be just a little bit more opportunistic when we see opportunities particularly as we get into later '19. It's not without -- it's feasible, we could be active sooner, but we have obviously funding requirements and we got holding company liquidity targets that we'd like to maintain, so -- but as we get into later half of '19 and into '20, I think it would be much more opportunistic and in buying patterns, as opposed to anything, frontloaded in a large program, a onetime buying opportunity or anything more mechanical. So just expect us to be more opportunistic going forward.
Chris Swift: Yes. On the workers' comp, we are talking about the last four action years, right, '14, '15, '16, I'd have to go back and check on the GL…
Chris Swift: Yes, thanks for the question, Jimmy. I would say, again in the context of how we've talked about excess capital, obviously we've said what we want to do with our excess, which is authorizing our share repurchase. We are in the final stages of integrating the Aetna book of business during 2019. So there's still more substance of work to do there, and we haven't even closed the Navigators acquisition, which we are expecting to close in March or April. So I think from a practical point as I said, I mean, we have everything we need, at least for the foreseeable future, and who knows what would happen down the road, but we wouldn't take M&A off the table per se, but something attractive that fits within our existing strategy, it's like a foremost deal or another small bolt-on opportunity, we would look at it, but we'd have to make more financial sense going forward. So that's what I would say. I mean, it's not a current focus, it's not a current priority, we have higher priorities that we need to really focus on the next 18 to 24 months, but you'll see what things looks like in two years.
Chris Swift: It's been a pretty consistent market. It will move by account. So yes, we've had a couple of accounts with outstanding performance, and I think we've made reductions thoughtfully, but generally I think it's similar consistent markets what we have experienced over the last 12 to 15 months.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. So, from what you can see, it does look like that was a temporary increase, and now you think it's more likely to trend where it's recovered to in 4Q.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And then my follow-up is just on Group Benefits. I'm not sure if I caught this correctly, but I thought I heard you say Group Benefit sales were strong in the quarter. And I noticed they were down a lot year-over-year. So I just want to know what you meant by that.
Tom Gallagher: But if you -- and thanks for that color, and I guess, as you think about momentum for top line you know, would you say it's a good setup for sales, persistency, and also I would be curious what you are seeing on rate. Only because your results have been so strong, I am wondering if you have give back something on price right now.
