Richard Costello: Thank you, Kamiko. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's Third Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday. Our slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website at www.thehartford.com. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; Andy Pincus, Acting Head of Commercial Markets; Greg Mcgreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to the presentation on Slide 2, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our 2010 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the investor financial supplement for the third quarter of 2010 and in the press release we issued yesterday, as well as on the company's website, all of which can be found at www.thehartford.com. Now, I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Richard Costello: Larry, this is Rick. On the consumer releases, that's primarily going to be out of the auto liability side.
Richard Costello: This is Rick Costello. I know we didn't get to all the questions. But we do want to be respectful of the 11:00 call that has already started. We will be available all day for follow-up questions. Thank you so much for your participation on The Hartford's Third Quarter Earnings Call, and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Christopher Swift: Darin, it's Chris. I do not split it out by Property & Casualty Life, but we did it more in the analysis in total. I mean, we could get that information to you but I don't have it split out right now between Property-Casualty and Life.
Christopher Swift: Well, again, it's from an in-force perspective. So it's sort of running off the in-force book and as you heard, we are trying to take pricing actions in most lines where appropriate. So I would bifurcate the analysis here. This is in-forced future pricing, we're trying to take that rate where appropriate.
Christopher Swift: Sure. I think we have pointed out is that we've been building our FX positions during the second and third quarter, working with risk management. Those positions were put on a different, obviously yen levels, dollar levels but I think we've built a substantial base of protection on currency. We've spent approximately $170 million run rate accumulative year-to-date on the program. If program expires -- most of it expires early 2011. We do anticipate putting on protection in '11. We're working through the exact strategy and the dynamics of that. We're trying to balance as we always said, risk, capital, earnings and do the right thing from a long-term shareholder perspective. So hopefully, that's enough detail to give you a feel for it.
Christopher Swift: The question is from RBC from our main life company, HLA, I would say that it's well north of four in the quarter on an estimated basis at this point in time.
Christopher Swift: Nigel, it's Chris. I'll try to take the first one going forward. I think your question was on interest rates and surplus volatility. I would say again, if you look at our WB program, we do have some interest rate protection, let's say about at the 50% level. When you translate that into the statutory world VA CARVM, you don't have that significant volatility. So from an interest rate side, there isn't that much volatility on the VA CARVM. It does consume a little capital -- lower interest rate environment. So we just model different benefits and things and along those lines more from a valuation side, but not a hedging side. So hopefully that's clear.
Christopher Swift: Well I think most of it, there's mix but I think we're seeing both. And so we're going to take these one at a time as we underwrite these and we're going to make the right judgment for us about what business is priced appropriately and what business we should walk away from.
Christopher Swift: Ed, it's Chris. Your point, I would say, annuitizations in Japan are not a good thing. That keeps the risk that means people are in essence using the guarantee. So again, when we updated our assumptions, obviously we planned for that because they're just more in the money so you just call it behavioral assumptions, yet we had to update. That did sort of an and all in base, not only affecting core but that it was about a $52 million charge in DAC for that. It did also consume some statutory capital from a VA CARVM side when we made that change. Generally, in the U.S., we had been, I call it, assuming a, I call it a higher utilization rate and higher lapses, which we took down, which provided a benefit because less than the money, I call it balance more from the risk side greater, we'll earn more fee income over the longer period of time. That's why that turned out to be approximately a $58 million benefit all in on that assumption change.
Christopher Swift: I would say, multi-year is a big deal. I mean, we worry about interest rates that probably one of the key economic factors that -- I could tell you, I just haven't modeled it out and agreed to any detailed fashion at this point, but it's something we could talk about in the future.
Christopher Swift: I think we're just mixing and matching apples and oranges here. One, the WB program is obviously done for hedging purposes in 157 valuation purpose then you've got to look at the economics in the long term. And I would say, I mean, yes, it is an important factor that we'd look at and consider. So...
Christopher Swift: That's our goal, for sure. This trend, if it's a trend at all, is new and so we're watching it. And so we're going to continue to watch it.
Christopher Swift: Andrew, it's Chris. On your excess capital position, I would state that similar to what we said in our opening comments, there's really no change in our capital management philosophy. Hopefully, you understood the points on improving credit offset by some modest yen and interest rate declines. So from where we were in our April capital raise numbers, I would say we're modestly ahead of those numbers. But there is general no philosophy change at this point in time.
Christopher Swift: Thomas, it's Chris. I think we had been talking about for the macro program was maybe about a $65 million run rate cost before that. You overlay the incremental FX positions we've been building during the second and third quarter. I put that at another $60 million run rate. So and again, as we said, the FX positions are short term in nature and expire first part of '11. So all in, you could say right now on a run rate basis, about $125 million a quarter. Thinking about '11, again, it's still trying to design the planned balance sheet and anything I would not be uncomfortable with sort of $100 million per quarter all in run rate cost for our macro hedging program in the short term. Right? Balancing what we might do in the long term.
Christopher Swift: I would say yes, we factored in a lot of things. If you're specifically referring to maybe our Japan derisking activities, those AGPs do not have I call it a defined hedging program associated with them at this point in time.
Christopher Swift: Like we've been saying, Tom, the macro programs and the FX programs are short term in nature. So by definition, if we would extend anything for a longer period of time, we would consider baking that into our AGPs depending on how we define the program. U.S. maybe less sensitive, Japan maybe a little bit more so. But I would remind you, Japan we have about $1.7 billion of DAC. If I look out over the next five years, about 65% of that will just be amortized with our current methodologies and these factors. So it's not a long-duration asset there in Japan, that DAC asset.
Christopher Swift: John, I would say the credit related impact is primarily related to what I would call our CRC or market value adjusted annuity program, where assets we bought the assets and so there is a credit benefit there as spreads come in. And then on the statutory earnings, the negative, I would point out during the quarter, the headwinds that we faced, you alluded to one. We did record, call it increase in reserves, in the annuity line, about $300 million due to the low interest rate environment, coupled then with some assumption changes that we put in for others that, that maybe cost us nearly $200 million. So with that, we still then were able to obviously grow statutory surplus during the quarter. So as we fast-forward to year end and during our year end cash flow affecting Q3 Phase I final judgment, actually we feel pretty good that there's not going to be any other headwinds or charges that we face at year end related to those particular items.
Liam McGee: Well, initially, Darin, initially most of the cross sales tend to be at the higher end of the market. But as we go forward, we're very focused on the Middle Market. We think that as the highest potential for us and we're beginning to see interest there from agencies who have come to the same conclusion.
Liam McGee: I'm not sure we're prepared to quantify it yet, Darin. I would say that we're very encouraged. The teams are working together very well. As I noted, agencies are -- see the wisdom of it. They're working with us not only to sort through how we deliver to them, but how they deliver to their customers. And we're very excited about it. I think the first stage is what we're talking about is the joint sales between our two sales forces. But we understand the next stage or iteration will be more about product innovation as well.
Liam McGee: We do break it out in some detail actually in the IFS (Investor Financial Supplement). There's actually a bunch of detail in there that shows it by segment, I believe.
Liam McGee: Andrew, to your question, I'm going to have Dave Levenson comment or answer your specific question. But again, I would just reiterate what I said both in April and today, the $5 billion was a proportional sense, it was a third of our peak and $15 billion and when we were market leader. That kind of gives you a sense of the appetite we have, but I would reemphasize that we will not chase that $5 billion with inappropriate risk or unacceptable profitability. Now Dave I know can share more about his specific thoughts.
Liam McGee: Still a lot of economic uncertainty and market volatility, Andrew, that I think reinforces the position that Chris and I have articulated today.
Company Speaker: Nigel, Andy Pincus. In terms of the competition and the rates that we're talking about taking, really, we believe that higher incident rates that we're seeing and lower termination rates are really a marketplace phenomenon, as well as the challenge that low interest rates are providing generally. So we are responding to those appropriately we believe. We're going to take price. We believe that the market is going to do the same as well. We'll see in 2011, but we expect to remain competitive and we will proceed forward and as we've said, we are seeing others seeing the same challenges and certainly interest rates are out there for them as well.
Company Speaker: It's Andy Pincus. So on the Property-Casualty Commercial side, the thing I'd say is it really have been fairly broad-based across our markets. Small, commercial and middle market have seen in terms of the old segmentation have seen a fair amount. But again, I would say pretty broad-based they include workers comp, really general liability, auto, we have seen favorable severity in there and particularly I would say in our longtail lines and that's really where we've seen it.
Company Speaker: Larry, this is Andy Napoli. I guess, I'll start with homeowners in this current year and going forward in 2011, we believe our pricing will increase in response to rising loss cost, both cat and non-cat and we'll be consistent with what's happening in the market. On the auto side, our plus eight is high, but not unexpected given the profitability actions we're taking in our agency channel. As far as what's happening at the agency level, we have introduced pretty strict underwriting guidelines that are driving that mixed shift that Liam referenced and Chris in their remarks. We're pushing our new business mix 40 plus is what we call it, accounts for 80% of that new business flow. As that continues to propagate itself within the renewal book, I think we'll be in a much better place going forward.
Company Speaker: Thanks, Andrew. So in terms of the time, I'd say as you referenced a large portion of our book has three-year rate guarantees. And so we are going into the market with price based on our reaction to higher incidence and lower terminations and interest rate. And so it's going to take some time, probably the number of years to work completely through. But we're still working very diligently on the higher incidence and lowered termination piece, so we are taking actions there with regard to price. But we're also keenly focused from a claim perspective on making sure that our execution is absolutely good as it can be. And so we will continue to be very focused there. Obviously, with the goal of improving that ratio.
David Levenson: I guess, what I would add is we're not going to be a single product provider on go-forward basis. So as we look at PRM, it did not work well in this macroeconomic environment. In a different environment, we think it may work quite well. But we do have the complement that with other products and that's really what's on the lab right now.
David Levenson: So Andrew, as you know, it's very hard to pinpoint a number whether it's $5 billion or $4 billion or $6 billion. So what I would say to you is again, we are trying to build a rational portfolio of products kind of an all weather portfolio, if you will. We do have a couple of ideas as I said in the lab that do need a risk appetite, we think it's early. And also, we're not going to do anything as Liam said that is subpar from a profitability perspective.
David Levenson: So with respect to the competitors that you mentioned, there are some things that they do that are attracting flows for them that for us may not make sense. And all I would say is that it's just a little too early for us to comment a little bit further on that.
