ChrisSwift: Well, first off I think the improvement of 90 basis points was a terrific quarter and so I love to think we could outperform like that going forward, but that is – that will take experience and the next couple of months for us to be able to determine that. I am suggesting that we're seeing a little bit of turn in our frequency in the worker's comp line. So we expect to see some compression there, because rates are moving in one direction and frequency is moving in the other. So we're watching carefully what that means for our book of business and we’ll take appropriate actions going forward. But as you know there are headwinds on the pricing side in workers comp, because those loss cost trends over the last several years are so favorable that they are dropping in state by state to the pricing algorithms and so we're making adjustments as appropriate there. So I feel great about our improvement in the quarter. I love to think we could continue with that, but that’s going to take some time for us to show that and through the P&L.
ChrisSwift: Yeah, thanks Tom. Again, we were just talking about things that we've talked about before. So I would say it again. From the building the business, investing in our business, looking at acquisition opportunities, I mean that's been our consistent philosophy for a number of years now. So I'm not signaling any change you know one way or other. It's just sort of our playbook of priorities that we would go down on exploring. So I said in my prepared remarks, if we can't find a good use for our excess capital, we are more than comfortable in returning it to shareholders.
ChrisSwift: Yeah, I'm not going to try to sort of size the level of capital here. I mean we just closed Talcott. We've gotten excess capital. You've heard Beth just comment about what we want to do with debt. We’re comfortable where we are right now in giving ourselves a little time. I mean it's not -- we're not looking for years and years and years here. We just want you know the option and the flexibility to explore, using our capital to invest in businesses and/or new revenue streams.
ChrisSwift: Josh, I’ll just provide an opening commentary and then we could add additional color. As I said you know, in essence eight, nine months since the integration we feel very good about the integration, both from an operational side or go-to-market sales force side, customer retention side and all we’re signaling right now is that our nine month indication is that we most likely will outperform our $100 million target over a longer period of time. If you remember why we say a longer period of time is you know we're timing the conversion of a lot of these policies and books of business from Aetna paper to our paper over a two year period of time, so that we don't disrupt that customer base that we just completed installing their claim system and our technology and our hardware here. So the real conversion process just begins. So it is a little longer term than maybe a typical integration activity, given we're dealing with three year rate policy, three year rate guarantees and you know moving the entire administration platform into our network and our capabilities right now. But I’d love to – yeah Doug if you want to provide any additional commentary Doug.
ChrisSwift: Yes, really good questions. So let me attack both comp and GL separately. When we think about our comp book of business and our reserves that we currently carry, we feel very good about the adequacy of our reserves. And in fact this quarter we did release some of those prior year reserves, primarily accident years ’14 and ’15, but our position on the balance is very solid and we feel good about that. When we are talking about accident year ‘18 we're starting to see some headwinds and we're looking at frequency which is a leading indicator and so we made an adjustment in middle market. But you know we're connecting the dots through the accident years and I just want to point out there's a difference in what we're caring and what we’re seeing today. So that's really what's happening in the comp world. In the General Liability world, are normal GL book is performing according to our expectations. What we did in the quarter, we have a specialized, high hazard, heavy products group in middle market and that is the book that we saw some increase in both frequency and severity in all of our accident years. So we took action to strengthen those years, those are high hazard books and I want to differentiate that from what we're seeing in our normal go forward GL book and there we continue to watch but feel pretty good about current conditions.
ChrisSwift: At this point and really Jay I’m going to sort of probably disappoint you a little bit and refrain really for a lot of speculation here, because it’s just don’t do anyone any good. But I think the metrics that we talked about in the past, really are in the premium range, sort of a $2 billion premium company is still accurate as a target, as a bolt-on. So that’s what we define. So that’s why I would just say right now is that we are still in that bolt-on category and that’s what I would leave you with.
ChrisSwift: Yeah, happy to Brian. And again we tried to address it in an early on question and its part of the equation. On the metrics on timeframes, payback periods, IRR’s, returns on tangible, intangible capital. So we look at it all and I’m not going to tell you there is a hard and fast rule, but we do want to earn acceptable returns as we always define it above our cost of equity capital in a relatively near term and we define that term somewhere in that three to four year period of time. So that’s what I would say right now.
ChrisSwift: Hey Brian, I would also add to some of that trend that you are talking about policy counts and retentions influenced by the Commercial Auto environment broadly. So I mean there's been a little bit of -- my words would be pruning of mono line Commercial Auto. So that's affecting those trends a little bit and as you know that market is still not at adequate return, so we've been very thoughtful about putting additional premiums in that line of business.
ChrisSwift: Good morning Gary. I would say that you know the reason I made mention of workers comp is we do have full attention on this frequency dynamic. As I think across the rest of the lines in commercial, yeah we had a little spike in our high hazard GL in our prior book, but generally all of our other lines are still in a relatively benign, low single digits, lost trend environment. So, I don't think a lot has changed as we looked at the quarter and are loss performance relative to trends and I spoke about the line that we saw some degree of change in workers’ comp.
ChrisSwift: Well I shared our ex-comp pricing in the quarter at five plus and feel very good about that and I feel good about the Small Commercial component of that and the middle market. So we've been working at not only comp, but the other elements of our book-of-business from a pricing perspective over time and I think our performance demonstrates the progress of that pricing. Yes, it is a competitive marketplace, but the quarter we just punched, I feel really good about it. I think in terms of absolute performance, a very strong quarter Gary and I would say we've been able to price for what we've seen in the marketplace relative to the trend successfully over the last couple years.
ChrisSwift: You know thanks Ian. I understand your point of view, I do and you’ve communicated clearly. I guess the simplest way I can explain it is given our real intention and I understand you know the different scenarios that you just pointed out, but I wanted to be as crystal clear as possible. If we’re going to be buying shares and we wanted time to continue to deploy that capital into revenue streams if possible, we didn’t want create any confusion. So that's the simplest way as I could say it and I didn’t really want to signal that we were going to be in the market and you did the math on that holdco. We are not sitting on a lot of excess capital today, it does build over time. So as we sit here, here and now and project in the near term, I just didn't want to confuse anyone.
ChrisSwift: Well Ian as you pointed out, I mean’19 is six quarters away. We’ll have a lot of opportunities to communicate and interact and keep you posted. As you know I think we're very transparent. So all I would ask you to be is patient and we'll keep you posted.
ChrisSwift: Jay its best said, we’ve been following this. I mean we have a world class claims team and particularly amass to our team, so a lot of these things aren’t new to us and we've been on it for a while.
ChrisSwift: Okay Randy, let me take them each separately. On the Commercial Auto front, we're still getting strong single digit pricing in auto and I expect that to be on top of trends. So good news there from Commercial Auto -- still more work to be done, but good news in terms of where we are in the current quarter. Relative to frequency, you know I suggested that we believe there are some macro factors across the industry relative to employment and inexperienced workers that is driving the trend. It's going to take time for us to mature those observations and we are spending a lot of time looking at SAC class, geographies, size of risk, etcetera, etcetera, but know we are cost cutting the data very hard and at the moment it looks a little more broad based than just a couple of classes and we see this inexperienced worker dynamic where they tend to be injured in a more frequent basis than our more experienced workers. I don't think that's a surprise to anybody on the call. It’s just a fact of something as underwriters we have to deal with every day in our risk business.
ChrisSwift: But Doug I’d make a point too that it's still not anywhere near where we want to be from a long term return point of view. So the current year and maybe the last eighteen months we were out earning loss trends, but there are still ways to go to get to an overall acceptable combined ratio.
BethBombara: Yeah, you know great question. So as we talked about before, we do you have maturing debt as you pointed out at the beginning of 2019, which our current intention would be to pay that down and we look at that combined with just the earnings power of our businesses. We believe that puts us on a very good track as we think about managing that ratio down. So I think we've done a good job you know in the past of using maturing debt, the opportunity for that without having to pay a large premium to reduce our debt outstanding and say just, we’ll continue on that path.
BethBombara: Yeah sure, I'll take that. So again on the group side and specifically on the disability side as we look at our trends, you know we have been seeing favorable trends, you know more so in the more recent years as those exposures develop. You know I think in the disability block it's important to remember that you know there’s a lag sort of in the timing of when someone goes on disability and then when they actually end up on long term disability. So we peg those lines and then looked at how the development comes in overtime. And our incidence rates and our recoveries on all those fronts have been very favorable. It’s hard to predict obviously going forward, but we're very happy with the trends that we've been seeing you know as we kind of go into the second half of this year.
BethBombara: Sure. So again I'll remind you that with some of the actions that we did at the end of last year with the Aetna acquisition, that really decreased our dividend capacity for 2018. So we are not expecting dividend from P&C or Group Benefits in the second half of this year. We would expect to see a modest amount from mutual funds, but for the most part there is not additional dividend coming in from the subsidiaries in the second half of this year. And for P&C, because some of the Talcott proceeds actually went through various legal entities to get to the holding company, our dividend capacity for ordinary dividends in P&C really probably for the most part won't be there until the second half of 2019.
BethBombara: Yeah, so a little bit, I mean obviously that would be dependent upon actual taxable income forecast for the second half of the year, but based on our current estimates, I’d anticipate probably another you know $150 million maybe will come in the second half of ‘18 to the holding company. Again, that can bounce around just based on actual results. And then we’ve also in the past highlighted the fact that we will, we do anticipate a refund coming in ‘19 for our AMT credits and that will come in when we file our tax return which you know could be as late as September of 2019.
BethBombara: Yeah, maybe a little bit less than that depending on your other corporate actions – yeah, maybe a little bit less than that depending on you know other things that we might do relative to contributions to our pension plan that we make usually in the third quarter. But I'd expected it would be roughly around $2 billion.
BethBombara: So Jay, its Beth. I mean we said this before. I mean we evaluate our reserve every quarter and we make adjustments accordingly. We don't predict whether or not there'll be future reserve releases. We've been very pleased with the underlying trend that we've seen and we'll just continue to evaluate it every quarter, you know line by line which is what we do and give you the transparency as to where we're seeing either improvement or areas that we need to add.
BethBombara: Sure, so a couple of things. I'm sure it won't surprise you to know that you know we have a team that is constantly looking at emerging towards issues. And the alleged connection between Talc and ovarian cancer has been on our radar for quite some time, and we take into consideration you know all the facts that we know as we evaluate our reserves and an overall feel very good about where our reserve stand. As it relates to our adverse coverage, its one thing that I will point, we do have an adverse cover with Berkshire, but specifically alleged connections between Talc and ovarian cancer and exposure there is specifically excluded from that cover and we obviously take that into consideration. (Cross Talk).
BethBombara: Thanks. I would note we're coming up on the hour and we've got a number of other people still in the queue. So Dan, we’ll take one more question now and then I can follow up with everyone else in the queue after the call.
DougElliot: I think Chris that's a really good baseline. You know Josh, the number I have in my head for the Aetna baseline on cost is roughly 3.30. So when I think about 100 or 100-plus pretty significant change. In addition to what Chris said relative to us moving accounts, we are being very careful, trying not to disturb relationships of account managers and account executives on key Aetna renewals. So this is a multiyear process that I think we are very pleased about the initial nine months, but it is a several year effort and as we move through that period of time, I know we are going to find opportunities to be more effective and efficient in operations and we’ll capitalize on those.
DougElliot: Yeah, that’s a large piece and there is a little bit of compensation in there Chris as well. So as we look at plans and we look at performance through six months, just some true-ups that we normal do. But IT is a driver and our continued to invest inside our businesses.
DougElliot: Brian we’re certainly focused on both the retention and the new. You know there’s a little bit of pressure in the micro space. I think we’ve seen more entrance in the micro and the small, but there isn't anything material that I would point out that is worthy of spending a lot more time on this morning. You know overall we've been very steady growers of this business organically over the past five years. I know in the quarter we are a little off. There's a worker’s comp dynamic to it, there's competition to it, but we're being thoughtful about this business. We continue to innovate. Some of the innovations that we’re dropping into our platform, I do expect will show progress and growth in future quarters. So I don't look at this as the full trend for the next couple of quarters, but I do remind you that workers comp is an important part of our Small Commercial platform and therefore we're going to be in a different pricing environment over the next couple of quarters than what we've seen in the prior, probably two or three years.
DougElliot: What I would say that in ’18, the biggest reason is really two fold; one is, yes we are watching these lost cost drop in and we're dealing with the state by state dynamics of where our loss experiences and what to do about our multiplier in these various states, so that’s point A. Point B is that we've got a bit of an inflection on frequency that we’re watching very carefully. So two quarters don't make a full trend, but we've had a couple of quarters now of positive frequency and that's the first time we've seen that in several years. So there is full attention on what our own book of business is telling us relative to signals and frequency. As I mentioned the severities, signals look well within our expectations, so we're watching severity both medical and indemnity, but I feel pretty good about that. Just looking at the combination of both pricing and frequency, we are very focused on choices and options in front of us relative to workers compensation.
DougElliot: So I don't want to spend too much time talking about reserving process, but in general we're looking at earned patterns. We use historical and we bring in current year, both severity and frequency as appropriate. So the reason we adjusted middleis that we're trying to make sure we're recognizing what we're seeing in our patterns in the first to accident quarters of 2018 and in the middle we're seeing a pickup greater than we expected, which is why we adjusted our reserves. We’ll have to continue to assess what third quarter and fourth quarter bring, but at the moment we made adjustments based on everything we could see in our book of business to make sure we closed up second quarter where we should have been from a loss ratio perspective.
DougElliot: Yeah, probably lots of things driving that. I think our behavior and our discipline in the marketplace starts that discussion. I think we've become a very solid thoughtful underwriter using you know both skill sets at desk level and also data analytics, so I started there. Secondly, I think with Beth and Chris over the last seven, eight years we worked hard to be discipline on a reserving to bring forward, to the more current as we're looking at data. So I think our entire reserving process is much stronger today than it was over the last 10 years. Putting all that together, we're also trying to be very consistent in our approach quarter-to-quarter and the reflections of all those behaviors I think lead us to feel much better about our balance sheet today than we probably did seven years ago.
DougElliot: Yeah, let me just go back to your first point. At this point I don't see the full connection. I don't think auto is driving our workers comp frequency increase. We’ll continue to study as it changes and I’ll share that going forward. And secondly, we don’t share specifically, exactly those points, but it’s a couple of points over the top of the loss trend at this point relative to pricing versus trend.
