Douglas Elliot: Sure, Jimmy. Let's take each of the pieces. On the workers' comp side, two different dynamics, one with our small commercial sector where we're seeing negative pricing and have very little ability to do anything about it relative to underwriting. So those rates -- those negative rates flow through. On the Middle Market side, largely a flattish environment. And so that means we're dealing with account experience sector, performance and doing our best to work against the negative file trends across the various states. So that's the workers' comp situation.Relative to auto, I would describe auto as an ongoing work in process here over the last eight years. We've been working on auto, which is why I think you don't see the surprises in the quarter. We have strength in auto over the last 6, 7 accident years. We strengthened a little bit in the third quarter but felt very good about where our position was for Q4. So that's the reason there was no activity in Q4.
Douglas Elliot: Chris, I would just add, absolutely that we are bullish about what we think we'll achieve in 2020. The other thing is that the accumulation of underwriting actions that were taken across the book between change in limit profile, attachment points, exiting classes, adjusting MGA capacity, underwriting limits, et cetera, are also going to be a core driver of that performance change. And I'm very encouraged by the actions that not only we've taken but will continue to take into 2020. So I think Vince Tizzio and the team have done a terrific job at resetting the book. Yes, we're encouraged about the pricing, and that provides an awful lot of our tone. But I also think we'll see the benefits of the labor inside our underwriting activities also play out meaningfully in our $200 million run.
Douglas Elliot: Paul, sure, let me tackle that one. This is Doug. We're obviously pleased about our financial performance in 2019. You see the pricing is down a bit. I think it's down a bit commensurate with where we see loss trends. So as I've commented, frequency has been in very good shape for now an extended series of quarters. And we're watching carefully severity. We're watching physical damage in particular. But the aggregate of both frequency and severity put the loss trend in the low single digits, and I think that's where we are from a pricing perspective. So I feel like we're right on top of it.Now we also have goals to move our new business north. So we will address pricing and new business targets, et cetera, as we move through 2020 because we'd like to further stimulate new business growth. But I think we've done a nice job at getting the book healthy from a profit perspective, and we'll continue to balance both growth and profit as we go through 2020 and beyond.
Douglas Elliot: Paul, there are so many pieces to the marketplace. If we talked about it on the extremes, you could move to Small Commercial, and I would say that that's just a very competitive world, not a lot of change from where we've been in the last couple of years. And then you could move into either public D&O or the excess casualty world that is going through enormous amount of change, and the dynamics around pricing and retention are very different across those sectors. So yes, where you see capacity shortage and people are driving rate because of their performance, which I think is where the market is and some of these challenged financial classes, there may be some dynamics across the retention element, but we are determined to get rate where we need it in our book.And so I think we have got a very good sense of where that rate need exists across our various products. And if we have to give up a little bit on the retention side to get what we need to do on the pricing, I'm willing to make that trade, particularly in Middle Market and Global Specialty where our returns have to get better. And you saw that in the fourth quarter. I shared with you that our new business was down slightly in Middle Market in the fourth quarter, but I was also really encouraged by our pricing advances. And I'm willing to give a couple of points of retention to do that, which is exactly what happened in the quarter.
Douglas Elliot: Yes. I agree with that, Chris. I would also add that we saw a little bit of a bump-up in the quarter for some accruals on the expense side. So the expense piece also is running a little abnormally high in the quarter. But when I adjust for the expense piece, some noise with Navigators and then the encouragement of what's happening on the pricing side, I really do feel like 2020 is achievable. Yes, we have a lot of work to get done to make that happen, but I believe we will. And I think we're off to a terrific start as we closed '19 and entered 2020 to get our numbers moving.
Douglas Elliot: When I talk about limit profile, I'm primarily talking about Navigators and our excess casualty book because, as you know, across the core HIG book, we're essentially talking about $1 million, $2 million limits, and we were not much of an umbrella player. Over the last 5 years, Navigators has been working on reducing its limits. So our average limits now are well down below $10 million and in very few places do we take limits greater than $10 million. So our normal book is in the $5 million, maybe in some cases, $10 million limit range. But that's where we play. And over the last couple of years, we've also been working hard at where we attach. So I would say that the profile of limit and the attachment point are keen in our focus, and we'll continue to adjust by class as we move through 2020.
Douglas Elliot: The 0.5 point across our book is what we're expecting in 2020. So when I think about all-in workers' comp across our lines, I think that's a good approximate number to use.
Douglas Elliot: Well, rate is going to be the easiest to measure for sure. And I think based on the high teens that we posted in Q4, we're very positive about progress we're making there. I would add expenses to your pile. I'm not sure I heard expenses in your group, but we are working expenses. And yes, there'll be some expenses that come out of the equation. So that is also a part of it.The piece that will be most difficult to measure or quantify will clearly be the underwriting actions because they'll be embedded in losses and will be very difficult to know a loss that you've been able to either moderate or avoid versus an underwriting action taken. I don't think that's measurable. But the combination of those actions and our pricing activity against loss trend, to me, sets up the change that you talked about and that Chris and I referred to.
Douglas Elliot: I think we've shared with you from the beginning that the core of The Hartford businesses were more frequency-based, and there's a bit more severity in the Navigators book. We've worked hard over the last 9 months to understand that better by product. As we move into 2020, our metrics will get tighter. Again, we've made and continue to make underwriting adjustments, appetite adjustments, et cetera.So as we looked at the fourth quarter and we looked at their property results, both domestically and also international, we just felt like there were a few losses that were beyond our expectations. And we booked them in the quarter and moved our accident year pickup accordingly. Again, as we roll into 2020, we still have to figure out what the right base is to launch from. But I feel like we have accounted for 2019 activity and know exactly what we need to get done in 2020 for us to make the plan that we've talked about.
Douglas Elliot: I don't think so, Brian. And I would actually suggest to you that we're spending a lot of time on their excess casualty portfolio as well. So their umbrella and excess limit product is certainly under enormous interest right now. The market is searching for capacity. And so I think we have deep experienced professionals in that space, a lot of interest on the part of many of our long-term Hartford retail brokers and agents. So the demand is up a lot for that excess casualty. We're using our capacity appropriate, and we're layering in actuarial, data science and all the capabilities that I think we bring as a firm. So encouraged about both opportunity, thoughtful about projections we're making, and we'll understand our book and adjust accordingly as we go through 2020.
Douglas Elliot: Brian, maybe one other comment on the property side. I don't think -- and I'm not suggesting that what happened in the fourth quarter is this new trend to continue with every quarter, multiple exceptions to our P&L. Yes, they've had some noise in it. I think we are aggressively pricing the sector. I talked about an excess of 18 to 20 points of price in the quarter. We're also non-renewing a series of accounts. And in some of our tech sectors, energy sectors, we have loss ratios that are not sustainable. So we're working on those as we speak and intend to get our property book in line with our expectations going forward.
Douglas Elliot: Yes. Good question. So generally, we are pleased with the recovery on the retention side over the last couple of years. I still think there's a little bit of lift inside that, maybe 1 point, 1 point plus. There's a lot of shopping activity in the environment overall in Personal Lines, so we're mindful of that. But we're both encouraged with progress and also hopeful that there's more to be had on the retention side.Relative to new, we have just improved our capabilities both on the desk and with our people, I think, enormously over the last couple of years. We continue to dial in our marketing activities. So I feel pretty good about that. You saw a 35%-plus change for the year in sales. I'm not sure we're going to get there next year with that kind of number, but we certainly expect to be up next year, as I described in my script. So encouraged by that and think that as we move through the latter half of '20 into '21, we'll see that growth move into positive stage for AARP Direct.
Douglas Elliot: Beth, do you have the -- I'm not sure I have that handy. Meyer, we can -- let us go back and look at that one and see if we can help.
Douglas Elliot: Our book is generally stable. So as we look at our long-term picks and our severity estimates, I think we're essentially in line. Now the last couple of years, we probably outperformed slightly. But as we move forward '20- '21, we have not come off our mid-single-digits severity picks, both medical and, to a lesser extent, indemnity.
Douglas Elliot: Yes, I think that's the right way to look at it. Our delivered written pricing in the fourth quarter extending into 2020 is going to move north the earned rate increases to get on top of the loss trends that I described. So yes, slightly disappointed that we have not been able to drive more pricing, and I'm talking primarily about Middle Market business U.S. And so we've been slightly behind, which is why you're seeing some deterioration in our margins in Middle Market. I expect that to turn in 2020. And the expectation is that we will improve our margins, as Chris noted, essentially in all our lines ex workers' comp.
Douglas Elliot: It is. The 6.5% is a pretty solid number. And actually, even in Small Commercial ex workers' comp, we've been at or around the 6% range now for about 8 quarters. So encouraged by that steady performance. And that's really been a good driver in terms of why our combined ratio, both underlying and total, have been in very good shape in Small.
Douglas Elliot: Chris, and that's absolutely true for The Hartford book. What I would add on top of that is that probably in the excess area, we see a little bit more severity, a little bit more social inflation than maybe we expected a year ago. And that's also driving our price increases in the marketplace. So I didn't expect to be looking at a fourth quarter in '19, 12 months prior, in the mid-teens, but I think we need it. And as we better understand that book, we're driving the price increases that need to chase that loss trend. So I feel we're on top of it and pleased that our HIG book continues to perform about the way we expected.
Christopher Swift: Well, Jimmy, thanks for the question. I would say the market is competitive, no doubt about it, but largely still rational but competitive. And you're right. I mean we've been enjoying a pretty good run particularly with incidences and getting people back to work that have been out. How long this continues, I'm not sure I could predict. Obviously, we gave you our guidance for what we think is going to happen next year. And if I really sort of do a step change on where our margin is today to where we think it is next year on a normalized basis, I would say 0.7 decline due to net investment income, 0.8 of a decline due to again normalized loss ratios. And we're going to spend some incremental dollars in our infrastructure there. So there's a little bit of expense pressure.So we still see a good earning business in that 7-ish percent margin. And we'll try to compete with our competitors the best way we can on differentiating our services, our skills and our capabilities.
Christopher Swift: Sure. Well, again, thank you for joining. I think you have the components that we've talked about. And the major ones are obviously net investment income, improved loss ratio performance and, to a lesser extent, expense savings. I think we also talked about, Elyse, on a short-term or near-term basis, we still see approximately $110 million of core earnings in 2020. And for the Navigators business, that will flow through the new Global Specialty segment. So that's again at the lower end of our range primarily due to the interest rate environment.But equally, in the past, the $200 million, and quite frankly, we think it's getting shorter than that 5-year period of time primarily due just to the rate environment and the improvement of possibilities that we are planning for and seeing in the book. Really pleased with the entire team, and Doug could give you more insights and analysis on it. But we're expecting significant rate with what we think is realistic loss cost trends that we're planning for. And eventually, those will cross and start to really improve.In fact, Doug, I think just my calculations and our analysis would say we're looking for a 5 or 6 point loss ratio improvement in the Navigators book next year, Elyse, based on activities that we're seeing today.
Christopher Swift: David, let me start, and then I'll ask Doug to comment. So it feels like it's like deja vu all over again. This time last year, a lot of our tone was -- is similar to this year, right? You have a workers' comp dynamic that we are going to face some pressure with price, but generally, loss costs there are behaving. And then you have, I'll call it, all the other lines that I think will contribute to margin expansion going forward, particularly the specialty line.So sort of it's a tale of a coin there, 2 sides of the coin. But you put them all together and we do still see, at least from where our run rate ended in 2019, the ability to expand margins on an overall book basis, offsetting some of the pressure we see in comp with the strong pricing in liability, property, commercial auto and obviously our specialty line. So Doug, that's what I would say as sort of a macro perspective.
Christopher Swift: Brian, it's Chris. Can I just add to Doug's point, including the prior questions? We've worked hard to get our arms around this book, and I believe we have. I think we have a deeper understanding of all aspects of the book, whether it be domestic or international.I'd remind you, we largely kept the Navigators reinsurance program in place that, again, on a closer-look basis, we think is well designed. And remember, part of the reason why we did the acquisition was because we like the people. We thought they were talented men and women that had immense capabilities in their own craft, in their own art. And we want to empower them obviously within a risk profile that we're comfortable with, we fully understand. But the execution day to day is -- was left obviously to Vince Tizzio and his team. And I think they're off to a great start in our environment, Doug. And we're growing and improving, and I think we're going to add a lot of value together.
Christopher Swift: In fact, Doug, isn't it -- I think that the data that we have is ex workers' comp for Standard Commercial, which includes Small and Middle, ex workers' comp, our rate increase is actually about 6.4% during the quarter, which is that momentum that you talked about building and it's expected. And our execution is going to drive that continuation into 2020.
Christopher Swift: Yes. Amit, I would say in line with expectations. There isn't anything outside of norm that we see. Doug talked about litigation rates and representation rates that have been generally stable for us over the last 3 or 4 years. So we've had to make some adjustments. We didn't get everything right over a 6-, 7-year period here, but I think we're on top of it. And we're managing the best way we can and being proactive, not only looking back at data but actually trying to think what can happen going forward.
Christopher Swift: And Amit, that's why we did the reinsurance transaction with National Indemnity on Navigators was to really take that tail risk off until we got our arms fully around it. Obviously, we paid a premium for that, but I still like that trade we did given some of the uncertainty in the marketplace today on social inflation.
Christopher Swift: I would say, Michael, that our assumptions and methodologies are generally consistent over the years. We haven't changed anything in how we think about setting reserves or pricing product, which generally uses, I call it, a mean average approach so that we're not using the most recent dot in an incidence report. We're taking more of a five year period of time. So there is a little bit of mean averaging going in there as far as our assumptions. So -- but it's been consistent between years.
Christopher Swift: Yes. Michael, it's Chris. I would say, again, the context to the number that I'm going to give you is we've been on a program to invest in our platform, whether it be, call it, technology, whether it be digital, whether it be product and underwriting. We've been on a journey. And we've talked about sort of the elevation in our expense ratio primarily due to the invest side.I would say where we ended 2019 on a full year basis in that 32.5 to 33, Commercial and Personal Lines together, keep GB separate for the time being, is a good number for next year to maybe slightly down. I think we're coming to the point in that long-term program that we've put into place where the invest dollars are going to begin to slow down once we finish second half of 2020 heading into '21. I think we are a larger-scale organization or a growth-orientated firm that will continue to add premium, again, properly priced and good business.So all that would point to, particularly as we get out into '21 and beyond, I'll call it, a stairstep back to a normalized and competitive expense ratio over time. So -- but again, we've been deliberate about what we needed to do as an organization, we think, to create value and be competitive long term. And we're not backing away from that, but we're at the tail end of the program. That's what I would say, Doug and Beth.
Christopher Swift: Well, getting to ultimately target ratios that support an adequate return for the risk the industry is taking. I outlined low interest rates. That's going to be a little bit of a headwind. But if I look at product lines and where comp is headed, I mean -- and again, from managing the book of business, you never really want to shock your book of business and go to a 50% retention rate. So generally, what you try to do is be thoughtful on retentions but firm and disciplined and work through your distribution partners to talk through the actions that are going to be required in the near term and over a longer period of time. And I just think, given where we're starting from and given some of the pressure on social inflation and liability cost, commercial auto in general, it's going to take two years to get back to target margins.
Beth Costello: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that, and I think Chris touched on this, but your point about our original projections on investment income are obviously correct. The rate environment is different. But we're also seeing more expense benefit than we originally anticipated, and the offset of those 2 pretty much wash each other out.
Beth Costello: Sure. So a couple of things. So as we think about the cash flow to the holding company over the year, I really see those building over the year. Some of the tax benefits come in over the course of time, but a big chunk of that comes in with the AMT refund, which is really predicated on when the IRS accepts our tax return and when that's filed. So from a pace of share repurchase, I would expect that to be increasing over the year and not necessarily ratable throughout the year.And then as far as tax attributes, when we look towards 2021, based on our expectation of utilization this year, I expect that when we get to 2021, we'll probably just be in sort of the normal course of tax benefits coming to the holding company related to the deduction we get on interest expense through our normal tax sharing arrangement. So it would be significantly lower than what we're expecting this year and probably slightly under $100 million.
Beth Costello: Yes. So a couple of things. And I would say, relatively speaking, our program is very consistent. We did purchase down in the aggregate treaty. And overall, when we look at the spend for the whole program and the various changes we made, it's really not a significant delta from the prior year. And as far as the CAT ratio guide at -- being in total kind of where we came at this year, that's not reflective of any changes in the reinsurance program. It's really just looking at underlying exposures and as we ran our models. And it's really, I think, only slightly down -- is down slightly from last year.
Beth Costello: Yes. So I did not comment -- update our comments on PG&E. We continue to watch as that activity continues. We have not booked any recovery associated with the plans that are underway. We'll continue to watch what the final program is that comes out of bankruptcy. And yes, I mean overall, that -- any benefits that we receive, net of what we would have to reimburse our reinsurers for, would improve the capital position in P&C. But I wouldn't make a direct link to that to an increase in share repurchases. It will just go into the mix relative to capital resources.
