Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to The Hartford’s full year 2014 financial results and 2015 outlook webcast and conference call. Our news release, the Investor Financial Supplement and the fourth quarter Financial Results Presentation, which includes our 2015 outlook were all filed yesterday afternoon and are available on our website. At about 8:30 this morning, we posted the slides for today’s webcast, which are also available on the Investor Relations section of the website and which will also accompany the webcast today. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. As described on page two of the presentation, today’s call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements and investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are also available on our website. Our presentation today also includes several non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the earnings release and financial supplement. I’ll now turn the call over to Chris.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for Q&A. And as usual, we would appreciate it if people could limit themselves to one question and a follow-up and then requeue so that others have opportunity to ask the question in the time we have available. Tiffany, could you please give the Q&A instructions
Sabra Purtill: Thank you Tiffany and we’d like to thank you all for joining us today and your interest in The Hartford. Please note that Chris and Beth will be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Insurance Conference in New York City on February 11th at 8 AM. We look forward to seeing you there, hopefully with no snow storm. And in the meantime, please feel free to contact either Sean or myself by phone or e-mail if you have any follow-up questions on our financial results and outlook. Thank you and have a good day.
Doug Elliot: Let met tackle the Personal Lines first and then we will come back to Commercial. We still have very consistent approach in Personal Lines and we will be addressing loss trends through pricing in a very similar manner as we are in 2014. So I look at the strategy in 2015 with Personal Lines is very consistent with 2014. On the Commercial Lines side, obviously an evolving environment, and as we talked to you on this call and shared our numbers last night you know that the fourth quarter was down a little bit on the pricing side versus third quarter. So we’re being thoughtful about how 2015 will play out. We’ve got a number of strategies in different places. But much of our improvement is coming, number one, from the fact that our written prices in 2014 will earn their way into 2015. And I would say that much of the expense work we’re doing is being invested back inside the platform. So most of the work and most of what you see inside the combined ratio will be pricing and underwriting driven.
Doug Elliot: Jay, good morning, its Doug. We are aware that there are more than a million members that have small businesses. These -- I would characterize them largely as micro small businesses Jay, employees, less than five. But there is a sizeable component. I think it will take us time to work at that but we are excited about the opportunity and look forward to partnering with AARP and broader ways going forward.
Doug Elliot: Bob, good morning. We’ve been disappointed in our commercial auto performance, primarily in the middle market but also in small commercial as well. This year, back half of the year, our pricing has been in a mid-single to higher single-digit range and I expect that to continue, maybe even strengthen a bit as we move into the early half of 2015, so disappointed. Feel like we have some very strong initiatives, both on the pricing side and also on the underwriting side to address it, looking for progress in ’15 for sure. 
Beth Bombara: Yeah. I just had a couple things. First of all, I think you referred to the $500 million dividend from Talcott being the same thing as the $500 million of debt reduction and they're not related, so I would separate the two. As Chris said, we announced our debt management plan last year and you may recall that in the fourth quarter we had anticipated using up to the $500 million to reduce debt and we decided to take a pause because interest rates had decreased at that time and they’re still low. And so we’ll continue over the course of '15 to look at opportunistically what makes sense for us to use that $500 million in a way that we think is in the most benefit to our shareholders.
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Randy. It’s Beth. So a couple things I would say on that. As you know, we did have some initiatives in 2014, which impacted that VA count coming down, which is why you see the 13%. And as you point out, as we went into the fourth quarter, we did see a reduction. And our estimate for 10% for next year we feel very good about when we look at sort of historical trends and the fact that we don't have a plan in a significant initiative in '15 at this point. So as the year progresses, if we determine that there is something that we would do, we’d obviously update you. But we think right now from all that we can see in our analysis that a 10% is as a good place for us to plan for '15.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So I think about it in two pieces that we have our fixed annuity block. And again, the surrender rate or contract decreases that we highlighted for the year were impacted by some of the initiatives that we had in that block and we’ll continue to look to see if that makes sense to do in the future. As it relates to the institutional block as we discussed before, given where rates are at this time we don't really see a transaction for that book to really be economical for us since we’d be basically locking into this very low level. If the interest rate environment changes as we said in the past, we’ll of course look to see if there's something more economical that we could do at that book.
Beth Bombara: Sure. Thanks. So when we look at the cash at the holding company, we typically start with looking at what our annual expenditure is for covering holding company obligations, so interest in shareholder dividends, which again you can see on our slide is about $600 million for '15. So we typically talk about a target in sort of the 1.5 times range for that and then of course we always want to have I think a little bit of cushion, but that’s kind of how we look at that.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. As I said in my comment, I think ending at $1.8 billion is a very strong position. Again, that doesn't include the $500 million that we anticipate to take out of Talcott in 2016.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So if you think about the projections that we have for year and maybe what I’ll do is, I’ll just talk more about our P&C book. If we look at our outlook right now for ’15 and if rates sort of remained at current levels and didn't follow the forward curve. For ‘15 we probably see a very modest impact kind of in the $7 million to $10 million range. Obviously, if they stayed there longer and you go into ’16, you start to see a compounding effect of that.
Beth Bombara: I think the counterpoint to that though is what would happen on P&C pricing. So there is, obviously, the NII impact, but then there is also just what does that mean for the broader environment, if we were to remain in a low interest rate environment. But that kind of gives you a sense for the P&C portfolio.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So, again, if I look at that same measure sort of putting in all in HIG, which would include the Group and Talcott piece. And again, if rates remain flat from kind of where they are now, that $7 million to $10 million impact rises to $16 million-ish. So, again, there is obviously some impact on that. I don't have a breakout between Talcott and Group. And obviously, Group, I would say there again -- there is a pricing dynamic that would also have to be taken into consideration.
Beth Bombara: No. I did not say that, what I said was that, we had year marked $500 million and that we would look at through the course of ’15 when the appropriate time is for us to use that for our debt management.
Beth Bombara: No. I think you said it very well. As we talked about before, we had -- we did -- we do expect to see in ‘15 a larger increase than that 20 to 40 that Chris just mentioned, because of the capital management actions that are working in from the sale of Japan, but I think that’s our reasonable expectation.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. So, obviously, there are reserves that we hold on especially in our institutional and fixed book for things that impact interest rates. And so when you look at our margins in favorable scenarios and baselines, you could expect to see some decline there but nothing that we are expecting sort of in any significant manner in the near term.
Beth Bombara: I think you are talking about our MCV analysis, yes. So again where we stand today with the VA book, we would estimate that the MCV is still very positive and about 1.1 billion at the end of December.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. And then the only thing I would just add just to be -- perfectly clear is you are correct, we are not making any changes to the plan that we announced in July that we are currently executing on.
Beth Bombara: Yeah, Tom. It’s Beth. I would think about this way. So again the $1.5 billion, we defined by the valuating the actual tax rate surplus at 12/31/14. And again and showing that we would have adequate resources in a stress. So that $1.5 billion at Dec. 31, 2014, would obviously have taken into consideration any previous earnings that we generated on the book. But you are right as we think about it going forward to the extent a stress doesn’t happen, and each year we generate statutory surplus as we evaluate our statutory position at the end of any given year, we could anticipate that there could be upside to that if we generate the earnings. I would say sitting here today and looking at just a lot of the pluses and the minuses that happen with statutory surplus, I would guide you to think about a range of $200 million to $300 million because it does sometimes bounce around a little bit for variety of items. But again that would be the something we’d evaluate at the end of ‘15, because obviously if a stress doesn’t happen, you have one more year of earnings, one more year of the book running off and then you’d kind of evaluate it from there.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So we -- obviously in the scenarios that we show for a stress we are, stressing interest rates in that scenario. And you can see kind of the impact that we see from capital that comes from that. So, I think that as we evaluated the $1.5 billion of access today, I think we appropriately took into consideration additional stress in interest rates.
Beth Bombara: So the stress scenario, as we outlined in the appendix, would have the 10-year at the end of 2016, I believe and like the 1.6 range. So, again, that would have been lower in ’15, as you go through ’16. I don’t know if it was exactly the same sensitivity that you are highlighting but that’s how we look at the stress.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So the way to think about it is, if you look at the dividend over ’14 and ’15, we typically take out about $800 million a year. And so what we did in ’14 is we just frontloaded on that dividend that we normally would've taken out in ’15. So over the two years, we kind of get back to our normal level.
Beth Bombara: So typically the way we managed the P&C balance sheet and making -- ensuring that we are providing enough capital for the P&C business to continue to invest in its operation. We target annual dividends of $800 million each year.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So as we have said, going all the way back to April of 2013, we see that the capital within the Talcott entity is sufficient to handle a stress. So we are not looking to fund any deficit with holding company cash. And so when we think about the holding company requirements, we tend to focus on the actual obligations for interest and dividend. And then as I said, to have some buffer but obviously much less than what would have been needed in the past.
Beth Bombara: Yes. I will handle the second part first. So, obviously our plan that we have for capital management we share with rating agencies, so they're very aware of what our intentions are and expectation for this plan. As it relates to other resources that we have like Glen Meadows, we obviously look at that as additional capital, that we would have available to us. And as we get -- go through ’15 and in ’16, we’ll take a look at what that means for us and how we might use that capital.
Beth Bombara: First of all, it relates to rating agencies. We have had a record, a track record now for a couple years of laying out a plan and executing on that. We continue to share with them our expectation and all of that is considered as they look at evaluating the ratings of the various entities. And as it relates to just overall debt management, we’re very sensitive to balancing all of those needs. So we are looking at reducing our debt-to-capital ratios as Chris and I have talked about. But we’re also very sensitive to looking at interest coverage and want to make sure that we’re making the right trade-off there. So part of the reason why we held off of a bit on using that $500 million that we've been talking about is we felt the charge that we’d have to take given the current interest rate environment wasn’t a good trade-off. So we’ll continue to evaluate that as we move forward and as rate change.
Chris Swift: Just to offer from a Group Benefits side, I mean, we’ve been discounting reserves for ’14 and we plan in ’15 in the 3.5% range.
Chris Swift: Jay, if you give us a little time, we’ll talk about that in due course. But right now we are focused on, obviously, executing the plan here in ’15 and when we get to really developing the ‘16 plan, we’ll give you views. But we've always said balanced, so balance could mean within a range. But also keep in mind sort of debt-to-equity ratios that we want to keep them balanced too.
Chris Swift: Tom, it’s, Chris let me start, and then Beth could share. I think you got the fact pattern right. So the only new news here is the -- we’ve defined the amount of excess capital in Talcott at the end of 2014. And we plan to take that out basically over the next 12 to 14 months. As we really head into the second half of ‘15, we’ll work on call it what's next related to our capital management program. But I think what we are trying to convey and hopefully you see it, is we will have additional flexibility particularly as the cash comes out of Talcott to think about what is the most accretive use of that capital going forward. But we’ve really haven't pinpoint it saying exactly, what we are going to do. But that's what we are going to work on and communicate it in the second half of ‘15.
Chris Swift: And just one last point, Tom, do you mind -- and just philosophically, I just want to be crystal clear that there really hasn't been any change in our philosophy, and how we think about excess capital. You’ve heard us say it before and we reiterated here. I mean we are going to continue to be balanced with that in equity, paydowns and repurchases. We still think it's a good use of our capital to buy in shares. We’ll always have an appropriate dividend policy geared towards growing our operating earnings in P&C and Group Benefits. And then we’ve said repeatedly, I mean, we are investing in our capabilities and investing for growth and expansion as we go forward, really with the eye of creating additional revenue streams that create recurring value for shareholders. So that’s how philosophically we were approaching our excess capital.
