Chris Swift: Thanks, Sabra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. From a bottom-line perspective, second-quarter results were disappointing. Higher prior-year development, including A&E, lower current accident year personal auto results, lower net investment income, and higher catastrophe losses led to a decline in our core earnings. However, I am pleased that our commercial lines and group benefits businesses continued to generate solid underwriting results. And book value per share, excluding AOCI, grew 5% over the prior year and 2% since yearend. You all are aware of the challenges our industry is facing due to greater commercial lines competition, unfavorable auto loss cost trends, and significantly lower interest rates. In commercial lines, competition is becoming more aggressive, especially in national accounts and Middle Market. Some companies are expanding into new markets, while other long-standing competitors are now willing to accept lower pricing or weaker terms and conditions. Renewal rate increases are hovering near short-term loss cost trends in most lines, so expanding margins from here will be difficult. While we have continued to deliver good commercial line results by focusing on underwriting discipline, retention, and maintaining underlying margins, we see fewer opportunities to grow the top line in middle and larger account markets over the next several quarters. We will continue to pick our spots prudently. In personal lines, increased vehicle miles driven as well as distracted driving have continued to put pressure on auto loss cost trends. Based on our analysis of the deterioration in frequency and severity, we strengthened reserves for accident year 2015 and increased our loss ratio estimate for accident year 2016. In hindsight, I'm disappointed we didn't recognize earlier the magnitude of the changing trends. Doug will update you on the pricing, underwriting, and agency management actions we are taking to get margins back to our targets. Personal lines is a core business for us and our 30-plus-year relationship with AARP provides a solid foundation for long-term growth opportunities. While it will take time to fully restore profitability target levels, I am confident that we will begin to see improved margins in this book in early 2017. Another issue confronting our industry is the macroeconomic environment, especially the decline in interest rates, in part due to Brexit. As it relates to Brexit, I'm confident that the global insurance markets, which have been managing insurance risk freely across borders for centuries, will make the necessary changes to adapt. In the meantime, sustained low rates will continue to put pressure on net investment income and place greater emphasis on underwriting results. Our investment team has carefully steered our portfolio through many challenges over the past few years, including the European debt crisis and the collapse of energy prices. We will remain vigilant on the evolving macroeconomic environment and emerging risk. I'd also highlight our strong risk management capabilities as our hedge programs have performed as expected in this period of heightened market volatility. During the quarter, we maintained our pace of capital returned to shareholders, with over $430 million of share repurchases and common dividends. Year to date, we have returned significant capital from Talcott Resolution to the holding company, which Beth will discuss. We expect to complete our current capital management plan of $4.4 billion of common equity repurchases by the end of 2016. Later this year, we will finalize our plans for 2017. Before turning the call over to Doug, I'd like to note that based on first-half results, we now expect the 2016 personal lines underlying combined ratio to be in the 93 to 94 range. This reflects favorable homeowners results year to date, but an approximate 5-point deterioration in the auto underlying combined ratio compared to our original outlook. That said, I am confident in our approach to the current market conditions. We are taking the right steps to restore personal auto profitability and we have the discipline to navigate the competitive commercial lines and group benefits environments. We will continue to build upon our strong franchise and invest for the future, including opportunities like the acquisition of Maxum, which is expected to close today. We will improve our operating capability and maximize efficiency while redeploying excess capital to support long-term shareholder value creation. Now I'll turn the call over to Doug.
Chris Swift: Michael, it's Chris. I appreciate your feedback. And hopefully you get a sense from Doug's tone and my tone that we are equally as frustrated as you are. And if a little more data helps, that's great. But I think the overall message here, too, is we have been reacting. We have been pushing ourselves since year end to look harder at things. But as I mentioned before, we are balancing this with a partner, a 30-year partner, where I've looked at history and how we've worked together, how we've grown this book. We produced strong returns over a longer period of time. And we need to balance a level of stability with AARP and its members while we are taking these aggressive actions. So as Doug said, the latter half of 2015 is when we rolled out our last state with our new class plan. We've been tuning, as we say, as we've gone along. But there are still things that have surprised us, and as Doug said, some of it was industry related. Some of it was our own self-inflicted actions. And we have to take full accountability for that. And we do. But we are working and I think you will begin to see progress, particularly as we head into 2017. And we'll look closely at the metrics that we could share with you that are appropriate so that you could gauge our progress.
Chris Swift: We've already cut 25%, 30% of our budget on direct advertising and activities along those lines. We'll continue to push ourselves, but there are areas in the country - and again, given the relationship where we still want to produce business that we think will generate adequate returns over its lifetime. So it's a balancing act. And those areas that are on fire and that require a lot of attention, we are not afraid to make those calls. On the other side, we want to be balanced, particularly with our AARP members.
Chris Swift: Yes, that is a unique set of facts. So I take your point. And as I said before in one of the questions, you ought to take away the real message from the UK transaction is we put a piece of legacy P&C runoff behind us, that we're always challenging ourselves of how we can continue to take some of the noise out of our results. But on an economic basis, right? We've always talked about balancing the economics and noise. And this is a tough issue from a litigation perspective of how people attack the exposures that our customers have had related to asbestos. So we will always challenge our assumptions and make our best views. And I know we haven't had a stellar track record there, but we will continue to challenge ourselves, Meyer.
Chris Swift: Ian, it's Chris. Let me frame the issue and then ask Doug for his perspective, too. Yes, you are right. We see the same trends as far as performance. And I would say what the real strategy is right now is look, we are committed to our independent agents for all aspects of our business, while we obviously market to AARP members on a direct basis. I think what Ray and his team are really focused on right now is finding those independent agents that are aligned to our value proposition over the longer term. And our value proposition is really - my simple way of thinking about it is a product that offers real benefits to its - to the insureds that is appropriately priced and that we just don't want to be spreadsheeted against the lowest carrier. So very proud in what our brand stands for, our claims capabilities, our empathy, particularly in the mature segment. Because I think we've earned the right to be a carrier in that segment. I think what it really means, though, is how do we transition to that as quickly as possible? And you've heard the litany of activities that Doug and team are focused on, whether it be commission actions, whether it be appointments. So we are pruning the agents that are aligned to our value structure. We want to support them. We want to grow with them. So I think that is a more tailored a strategy, particularly in the mature market that we are executing right now.
Beth Bombara: Thanks for the question. This is Beth. The A&E charge that we took this quarter was not impacted by the UK sale at all.
Beth Bombara: Just the only thing I would add is if you look over the last couple of years and just the prior-year development that we've experienced on the claim that we will be transferring as part of the sale, it's been anywhere from $25 million to $55 million of prior development that we've recorded in that book. So obviously that level of reserve increases going forward would obviously not be there.
Beth Bombara: There is a variety of reserve studies that impact the book of business that we just sold. But the largest amount of prior development that we've experienced has typically been in the fourth quarter when we looked at non-U.S. asbestos and environmental reserves that were in that book of business.
Beth Bombara: Yes, thank you for the question. Let me clarify. What I was referring to is that when we look at surplus generation in Talcott for 2016, with the potential to have to need to increase cash flow testing reserves at the end of the year, that surplus generation of $200 million to $300 million we could see decrease in it or be eliminated. I do expect that we will have dividends from Talcott in 2017. What the amount of dividends will be will be dependent on kind of where we end the year at. As we look at our stress scenarios, we feel very comfortable with the amount of capital that we have and we have updated those scenarios for a steeper decline in interest rate. So when we did those scenarios at year end, we were assuming that the 10 year at the end of 2017 would be at 1.61%. And now when we stress that, we are looking at a 10 year of 1.15%. And so with that, our stress margin capital that we shared with you in December would come down and probably be slightly under $1 billion. But I think that still gives us capacity in 2017 to take dividends from Talcott.
Beth Bombara: Yes. And that's again takes into consideration the fact that we were taking $750 million of dividend out in 2016, which we have done.
Beth Bombara: Meyer, with the reserve additions that we made in the first quarter and the second quarter, the 2015 auto combined ratio, excluding cats and prior-year development, is 103.5. And I think Jonathan may have the original one for the full year. I believe it was 99.0 for full year 2015 at the end of 2015. So there's been about 4.5 points of deterioration during the first half of this year. I would also note that given the actions we took in first quarter, the 2014 accident year was - at the end of 2015, it was 97.1 and that deteriorated 1.5 points during 2016, so that's now 98.6.v
Beth Bombara: Yes. That's correct. There was none of the reserve charge that we took this quarter was related to those exposures. We did provide details, both in our 10-Q and our slides, on exactly what reserves are included. But just to give you those numbers, for the asbestos reserves, there is about $210 million of exposure associated with the UK sale that would go away from that column. And then about $42 million in environmental reserves. And then we've got other reserves, obviously, in the all other category of about $243 million that will also transfer. So in total, it's a little under $500 million in that reserve.
Doug Elliot: Good morning, Brian. Let me take a shot at that. Let me try to separate it into a few components. Number one, I think you know and we should just state it that there has been pressure across the industry the last couple of years. Right? So if we look at accident year 2015 versus accident year 2014, we do see that pressure point. At the heart of your question is why were we late on it? I would say this. Number one, our physical damage frequency estimates at year end for accident year 2015 are still holding. So the number of collisions we predicted for that accident year book still look very solid. Didn't change much in the first quarter and have not changed in the second quarter. Second piece, which we talk quite a bit in the first quarter and also have developed in the second quarter, the number of bodies that are injured in those crashes during accident year 2015, we are seeing more people injured and we are seeing more coverages influenced. So the frequency of components of loss has grown in our 2000 accident year 2015 book. And the third piece, which ties into that last statement, our bodily injury severity across the book has had pressure. And that pressure was evident in the first quarter as we look back on 2015. And we see another point to a point and a half of pressure in the second quarter. So that really forms a basis for why the changes. We are disappointed that we didn't see all of it, but we've gone back and it's not like we missed a number of accidents in our book. We are missing the features around them and have made pretty significant changes to make sure not only are we on top of 2015, but we've adjusted for 2016 moving ahead.
Doug Elliot: When you look at our auto book and we share the numbers XX. We've got 5, 6, 7 points that we need to get back at, right? And that's probably not doable in a 12-month period. But Ray and Chris and Beth and I and the team, we are driven over the next couple of years to see incremental progress quarter by quarter. And certainly by 2018, we feel like we are going to be in a much healthier spot relative to long-term targets.
Doug Elliot: [Technical Difficulty] by saying that our performance in AARP versus our agency book do have different profiles over time. So there is a management of our different customer segments that just underlies all I'm talking about. But I think with that, it's important just to set the stage. Over the last couple of years starting in April of 2014, we started rolling out a new class plan designed to improve our competitiveness, particularly in underpenetrated segments. We also expanded our agency distribution around that, appointing some firms which had no prior relationships with us. And those changes were going on at a time when the industry was starting to lean into higher frequency and some severity news. So probably not the best time to be rolling out a new class plan. I want to give you some evidence of what we've been working on. The last state in that class plan was rolled out in August of last year - August of 2015. That was Florida. We now have the third fine-tuning or iteration of those class plans going into effect across the country. So we've been tuning those plans over this two-year period. We are also leaning into rate. So our achievement of rate today is greater than we expected the plan to need six months ago. And I would say to you that we are leaning in harder the second half of the year subject to our work with the various states. So the disappointment is we've leaned into a growth mode over the last couple of years at a very difficult time. Further, some of that growth was more pronounced in several states with higher overall loss costs, such as Florida. When you think about Florida, we've got a lot of retirees in certain pockets of the country. Florida at times can be one of the more challenging environments. And so we've had to go back and adjust our rate plan and our Open Road plan in some of these states aggressively. The last thing I would say to you is that in Florida as an example, we've seen across the states an emergence of a little bit more pressure in uninsured and underinsured motorists. These claims are the slowest to emerge and have the highest ultimate severity. So this pattern has shifted, with these UM claims emerging more slowly over time. And I think our severity dynamic has tied into the emergence of some pressure with UM. So I'm not making any excuses. We are tackling hard. We're tackling with pricing. We are working the product and the segmentation as hard as ever. We've made pretty material changes to distribution management, both our targeted plans and also our agency partners. And we are working across our claim operation across the country, making sure that we are on every bit of our operating strategy. So Mike, I expect to see brighter days ahead. I will tell you that in the last 45 days, we are seeing signs of this progress. Feel very good about July. But July does not make a year and it certainly doesn't make a quarter. So we'll talk more about that in the coming quarters.
Doug Elliot: Let me share a few numbers of new business in the second quarter, just to stage the answer. Our AARP Direct was off 8% in the quarter. Our other agency was off 37% and our overall auto new business was off 14%. That's a demonstration of some of the moves we've made. On the pricing side, we look at the adjustments we're making and there is still big chunks of our book that are with the pricing we are putting in place, we want to retain those customers. So the numbers I shared on new are more a reflection of how we are moving into these territories and the customers we are seeking to add and bill to our book. But the retention strategies are tied into rate adequacy. And in some places, we are very rate adequate, and other places need a lot of work. And the numbers you are looking at our averages, so the span around those averages between most distressed and well under control do vary widely.
Doug Elliot: That's fair. Let us take that back, discuss it with ourselves, and see if we can't address the gap there.
Doug Elliot: Chris, I think you've done a good job. We've shared the numbers in the past, and Ian, I don't disagree with the question. But we feel like we've taken pretty significant action, I think, about our core preferred agency group now focused around 2,000 to 2,500 agents. That's a very different number than we were trying to manage two and three and four years ago. I think about our preferred scale, we are looking at our commissions. We had 6,500 agency locations 6 months ago that had our preferred schedule. That number is down to closer to 2,500. So we are looking at expenses. I think we're working all the levers. I do feel like the book is big enough that we can be successful there. It is a terrific complement to what we do on the Direct side with AARP. And you know we are leaning into the mature component of that agency book. So I'm not giving up. I see progress underneath, but very disappointed that the first six months of 2016 have played out the way they have.
Doug Elliot: You know, in the disability lines, we've just felt our hit ratios - meaning success ratios - have not been where they had been the prior couple of years. So as we look at the first half of 2016, I would've expected a few more wins in that category. We see a little bit more challenging times in what I would describe as the middle market area of group. So in that 500 to 2,000 life case, our success has not been the same as it has been in the national account space. I know we are stronger. We've had a traditionally very strong platform in national, but we have leaned into that middle market hard with resource and talent the last couple of years. So I think that is the ground. And it actually reminds me a bit of the P&C side, where I see a lot of the softer market conditions in that middle market of P&C. I see the same area in LTD and disability.
Doug Elliot: Bob, there certainly are agency actions directly aligned with that side. But when I think about our pricing, our product segmentation, claim, operational, Open Road, those all have opportunity to impact favorably our Direct business as well. So don't think of this as an agency-only strategy. We are working both sides and have room for improvement on both halves.
Doug Elliot: Yes, we don't disclose that. I will tell you that the loss ratio - well, the combined ratio overall performance difference in those segments is in the neighborhood of 10 points. So there is more concentrated effort to get agency auto back closer to our long-term target. And there is a further distance to make that happen. But we are working across our book of business to try and to make sure our overall auto book is also where it needs to be long term.
