Liam E. McGee: Well, Mark, it's early, and what I expressed was we have received interest from a variety of parties on different parts of the book and different parts of the block. Our team is working hard evaluating those options, and we do think some of them will materialize over time. But I think it's also important, as I said in my comments as well, Mark, that we'll balance the short-term economics with the ultimate goal of getting them off our books. So it's early in the process. I think we're constructively optimistic with the level of interest that's being presented, the kind of thinking that our teammates are doing on it, with the assistance of advisors in some cases, that some of these transactions will materialize over time.
Liam E. McGee: Andrew, this is Liam. And as far as your question about possible other structures for the company, I'll just remind you what I've said consistently that management and the board, since the middle of last year, looked comprehensively at virtually every alternative. We've chosen a path, and that's the path we're going to execute against.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Tom, we are confident that we will sell the businesses at an appropriate value. You can appreciate where we are in the process with just the process itself that -- I'm not going to get into too much detail. But I think based on the volume of parties that are interested in each of the 3 properties, both objective and subjective feedback that we're getting from the market, we feel pretty confident we're going to sell these businesses and have definitive agreements certainly in the latter part of this year.
Liam E. McGee: Certainly, Tom, we have certainty and clarity about our direction. And along with creating superior financial performance, a big part of generating superior shareholder performance will be over the next periods of time, and we have very specific actions. We've articulated them, I think, very clearly. We need to execute on them. We understand very clearly that, over time, those activities will result in capital that we'll be able to deploy in, as Chris says, appropriately, in consultation with our normal constituents, which I think we've demonstrated our ability to effectively do in the steps we've taken in the past couple of years. I think this is a company that will definitely do that, and I think we've made the decisions to position us to do that.
Liam E. McGee: Yes, I agree with, John, with everything Chris said, particularly as it relates to Mutual Fund business. But I'd reiterate we will simplify the legal structure of the company, and that body of work is underway. If it has such a benefit, so be it. But we're really trying to simplify the company and its legal structure.
Liam E. McGee: No, not at all. I think as our results indicated, Vincent, our Property & Casualty businesses are really performing very well, top line growth in Small Commercial and in Consumer and after margin improvement in Consumer. I think Doug and his team,, as you saw in the pricing actions, are making the right trade-off between getting price and the persistency rate there. Obviously, like everyone else in the industry, there are some challenges in Group Benefits, but that has nothing to do with our announcements. And finally, I think Mutual Funds, we could not be more excited about the prospects of that. And the feedback we get from the distributors is they're pretty excited about it, too. The unique combination of The Hartford and the Wellington's sub-advisory, cross-equity and fixed income is really, really creating, I think, a very positive reception. So I'd say if anything, other than just the systemic and macroeconomic issues around Group Benefits, the go-forward businesses are firing at all cylinders.
Liam E. McGee: Yes, and Jeff, my one-word answer was meant to convey this management team's determination to run this company in, I think, a financial services environment that requires it as efficiently as possible. As I said in my remarks, and I want our investors to understand it, about The Hartford management team, there was $150 million of efficiencies realized last year, $30 million in the first quarter. We're going to stay focused on the efficiency and process improvement actions through the balance of 2012. Obviously, we will get the expenses as we sell the businesses. All expenses, whether they're solid or dotted line, are going to come out. And then we think we have a very unique opportunity, truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, for the go-forward business to really reinvent how we do things at The Hartford and better and more efficient. So you'll hear more consistently more from us on our process improvement and efficiency. And I think we've demonstrated our ability to do that on the old construct of The Hartford. We'll continue that and even with greater urgency because we do believe we have a unique opportunity here.
Christopher John Swift: I think it's exactly right. Mark, we're very sensitive on the economic cost side. So particularly, as markets reach 1,400, 1,450 on the S&P and beyond, there are definitely opportunities to be much more cost-effective. So I think you should take away that we're working hard to appropriately balance risk and economics, like we have always said.
Christopher John Swift: John, thanks for the question. In the U.S., if you look at sort of the cohorts of when we put a lot of business on the books '05, '06, '07, '08, we were approaching that level just by the nature of the disclosure that we made. So to me, when you get into the 1,400, 1,500 levels, 1,500, I think you'd be virtually at breakeven from the moneyness perspective.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, Andrew, what I was trying to be clear in my prepared remarks is that we really see group now just basically flat to prior year. When we were with you in December, we saw group hopefully improving earnings 15%, 16%, 17%, high teens. I would consider that business now just sort of flat with prior year.
Christopher John Swift: I think that you're right on. There's nothing other to add, Tom, other than, again, if you look at sort of the sequence of events and timing in different constituencies that we want to bring along with our plans, whether it be regulators, agencies, and how we would use, I'll call it, the incremental value that we monetize and the capital that's backing those blocks, we know how to work with those constituencies to bring them along, to make sure everyone understands what they're trying to accomplish and what we're going to do with that deployable capital at the time. But as Liam said, we'd rather not just speculate right now on size, timing and amounts just given that there's a lot of variables outside of our control right now. But I think my view is we're going to have a good competitive option on these properties.
Christopher John Swift: John, directionally, yes. I think we view net lapses as positive from a capital side. As long as they're balanced and steady, net-net, it's positive because we just have to hold less capital against the liabilities, particularly in stress scenarios.
Christopher John Swift: John, I think that one of our work streams that we have is just the, we called it, legal entity simplification process, and that's part of it. But I wouldn't view it necessarily as a constraint. It's more potentially simplifying sort of a holding company structure. But just because Mutual Funds is owned by a life group right now, I wouldn't have you necessarily think of any extraordinary restraints or conditions on that entity, its use of proceeds and cash flows that we would generate from it. But we are looking at just the overall simplification of the legal entity structure.
Christopher John Swift: Jeff, it's Chris. I would tend to think in terms of the corporate level of expenses, this quarter is maybe $15 million to $20 million higher than sort of the normalized run rate. We had some just accrual adjustments coming out of year end and a little bit of restructuring charges. I think going forward, we plan to break that out as clear as possible as far as restructuring expenses, whether it be severance benefits, whether it be stay bonuses, things along those lines. But I think from a model perspective, you ought to think this quarter is $15 million to $20 million higher than a normal run rate.
