Susan Spivak: Thank you and good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2019 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings-related materials, including the 10-Q on our website.For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period.Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today’s call includes Forward-Looking Statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement.Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford’s prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford’s website for one year.I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Susan Spivak: We appreciate all you joining us as well as your question. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any follow-up and if we didn’t get to your question within the time period, I’m available on, so please just give me a call. Thank you.
ChristopherSwift: Elyse, thank you for your question. I would say what we have commented on the past as far as our goals related to the financial performance of Navigators are really unchanged. I think we did say the slope of it might be slightly different the components might be, slightly different.But we still see a path to earnings $200 million of core earnings prior to amortization of intangibles in that four to five year period of time and still excited. Obviously there is a lot of rate being taken in the specialty space broadly defined, but Doug that is what I would say over the long-term, but what would you say in the near-term.
ChristopherSwift: Yes. I mentioned in my commentary Elyse, there was double-digits and in the quarter essentially the U.S. book was right on top of 10, internationally they were getting closer to 16, and when you put two together we are talking 12ish, 11 to 12 points of price. I also said that it was accelerating in the quarter, so we are quite pleased about that as you think about the run rate July through September and an early peak of October keeps me optimistic, October looks a lot like September. So, I think we are off to a really good start I’m very pleased with progress, Vince and his team is working hard to change the outcomes here.
ChristopherSwift: I would just offer that our book of business on the commercial side ex-Nav is largely primary auto, so we are not a significant player in the excess space. I do think the excess layers have had some pressure over the past, three to four years.Navigators has especially auto book we are very mindful that, we are working closely with them sharing our trends working actuarial assumptions, et cetera and taking quite a bit of right there. So our rate change in the Navigators auto book is substantial. But I don't have any greater insight, because I don't have insight into other competitor books like I do our own.
ChristopherSwift: Yes, good question, Brian and there are some things happening in both Q2 and Q3 that make that compare a little bit challenging. So let me do my best to unpack it. In three quarter, we actually had some credits that ran through from Texas licenses and fees and also some bad debt credits. And when you kind of laser them in you basically get a quarterly expense ratio more like 34.5.In Q2, we had some one timers that put some upward pressure on the expense and I would also point out to you as the Navigators book comes into our expense ratios, as a typical specialty company sometimes they have got slightly higher expense base.So between the U.S. and certainly the international, there is a little bit of inflation on the expense coming in from NAB that we work our way through over the next couple of years. As we meet, we earn our way toward those profit targets we have talked about. So I look at the run rate to Q3 more in the 34.5 range. I think that is kind of where we will be Q4 as I look out.
ChristopherSwift: In response to I would say again across many of our businesses there is always competitive pressure, there is new entrants, there is things FinTech related or EsnureTech related activities, but I wouldn't say it is rapidly changing in a more competitive environment where everyone is piling in.I would say and you have heard us talk about this before. We have a 30 year history here with a lot of data, a lot of capabilities, a lot of deep trusted agent relationships that does provide an element of advantage to us.But we are really tuned in on the emerging trends in our own mindset of what do we need to continue to get better every day, whatever we need to do to continue to differentiate ourselves as one of the top go-to-market. So that is our mindset and Doug if you would add anything.
ChristopherSwift: Yes. Jimmy, we are not going to give any guidance there on a specific drivers, but the overall focus is both organize comment or has been a growth orientation. But you are right, I mean it is a dynamic marketplace just because we want to grow and there is a lot of other competitors that are shifting to that same mindset.So the trick in that environment at least in my judgment is we got to remain discipline you got again segment appropriately your new business by states or territories that make sense for you compared to where your pricing is and the team is executing very well. It is just we are getting that the responses just not converting as many in new business opportunities as feasible. But, Doug that is what I would said.
ChristopherSwift: Sure, Ryan. I would say yes we are performing very well and I said in my commentary, I think we provided enough data to say that there were a couple of one timers in this quarter. So I look at it that the quarter was roughly more in-line with 120 million earnings and an 8% margin.But clearly above our long-term views that we have guided here, which is still six to seven. I think the thing that you just have to keep in mind is a lot of the results that are emerging today are based on pricing and commitments we have made two, three years ago that are just outperforming.So unlike P&C, we generally make three year rate guarantees, we are very thoughtful and discipline in making those three year rate guarantees, because that is the commitment. So, we are just outperforming the expectations both on incidences and recoveries that is contributing to that current outperformance. So hopefully that helps you.
ChristopherSwift: Sure, David. I was trying to explain that, I mean it is still a competitive environment out there, but there is still an element of rationality that I see most of our competitors exhibiting. You might have an account or two where new business opportunity where someone does something more aggressive, but generally competitive but balanced.So we would say the year-over-year numbers that you are looking at does look down, but really when you adjust for the New York Family Paid Leave product that launched in 2018, you really have sort of $40 million delta between year-to-date, 2019 compared to year-to-date 2018.So, really you can consider it slightly down to flattish. So again I think we are still performing at a high level from our sales side, which is still some contributions to sales in that $40 million to $50 million range from Edna's medical staff that is still referring business and jointly selling. So we feel good about the overall sales performance.So I said in my opening comments, your premiums are slightly down 1% on a earned basis, primarily due to just higher lapses, lower persistency on the Aetna book as we are taking targeted actions, since to re-price in those books.So everything is according to plan, but as we look forward, I still see modest growth in top-line for group benefits, really supported by some of our ancillary lines anchored in ANH and voluntary.
ChristopherSwift: Good question Mike and thank you for asking it. I would start by saying yes, this is a sales tool that essentially will sit on the desktop of our CSRs, Customer Service Reps around the country and all the agents and brokers we do business with.It is a tool that will allow them to be faster, more insightful and help their customers make choices, I would say inside the tool you should think about, good, better, best type dynamics. All the coverages, very tuned to what a certain customer or SIC class would require, what types of optional coverages are there et cetera.So, yes I think it is a best-in-class selling tool with advice that either comes out of the box with a terrific offer for a customer or offers additional coverages that a CSR will work with a potential customer to purchase. So that is the basis of this exciting innovation for us.And then secondly, yes we do expect overtime our new sales and spectrum to lift. It is hard to predict, but our expectations over the next couple of years is that we will see some change in our new business sales and we will watch that carefully and report on that as we go through time.
ChristopherSwift: Yes, I would agree with your statement in the aggregate and then I think we would have to parse it apart by specialty by excess, by primary financial lines, spectrum et cetera. So in the aggregate, yes, we see lifting and pricing across middle, non-workers comp as we have examined our loss trends, I would say largely in the primary space pretty consistent with Q2.Yes maybe we are a little careful to make sure we are catching some uptick in the social inflation dynamic. But I don’t think material in any given way. And then in the specialty book, yes we are spending a lot of time inside our excess, our umbrella, our specialty areas and we are mindful of where trends are expecting a little bit of upward lift in those trends and therefore our pricing has been pretty aggressive there. So, pleased with progress on both front, but I think you have it about right.
ChristopherSwift: Again, I think Doug is accurate as always. I think the tricks is going to be here everything is sort of more granular right these days, whether it be states, products, accounts so when you add it all up I think what Doug says makes perfect sense.My particular point of view is that this could be a dynamic environment for the next couple of years for sure. Because I don’t think it is you know realistic at least in my expectation that 15 points of rate in the specialty book in aggregate is going to get back to targeted returns.As I said, particularly as it relates to Navigators we are taking a multiple year journey to get to targeted earnings and returns. And I think a lot of others are going to be in that same position where just one year of feeling good about high single-digit or low double-digit rates in certain lines primarily specialty isn’t going to cut it and that is going to require a multi-year approach.
ChristopherSwift: Yes. Obviously I’m not going to give you any really specific details. But the ranges that we put out, I still think are valid as I said I would anchor in the low end of that range. And I’m not changing our views right now at this point in time.
ChristopherSwift: Yes, thanks Gary. We do watch all those statistics carefully. So we are able to watch quote volume we are able to watch yield. So the number of hits or successful quotes against total quotes I would say relative to competitors rollout, we watch what they put out publicly and normally there is a little bit of a buzz or discussion about enhancements or innovations in the marketplace, I'm sure very similar to what is happening with our next generation spectrum offering right now.I think that is the easier way to find out about things. But we study the numbers, we are mindful of even the statistics I quoted in my script right, we are watching optional purchases - optional coverage purchases right now we are watching number of quotes. And we have an expected trajectory that we expect to see over the next three or four quarters and so we will be right on top of that.
ChristopherSwift: Yes, we are quoting new business right now. As I said, we are in mid-30 states and by year-end we expect to be essentially 45 and then we will deal with the last couple of states next year, but new business I think Gary today.
DougElliot: Just to add that this quarter we made very few adjustments to the prior Navigators loss ratios across fair line, either prior year or in the current action year. We tweaked on a liability slightly in the quarter, but other than that is a pretty quite quarter relative to actuarial assumptions.
DougElliot: Okay. Let’s start with personnel. We continue to be pleased by the trends we see in our personnel lines auto book, frequency has been in good shape for several quarters now and severity we are mindful of collision severity. But essentially a lot of trends are within our expectations and feel good about our progress and overall performance of the personnel line auto line.In commercial, a bit of different story and the sense that our small commercial book, much smaller vehicle, we have been working right now for five to six years, we have transformed that book. We are essentially not on mono-line players acceptance certain circumstances improvement there, but more improvement necessary in the commercial auto, small commercial space.In the middle, again, this is not a specialty auto sector, this is essentially commercial auto fleets attached to our middle market accounts, slightly heavier than the small commercial. We also have been chasing rate here over the last six to seven years. We have made progress, but not at all acceptable relative to our operating performance in the line today.So, we continue to make underwriting adjustments, we will continue to work hard on rate, very pleased that our rate was up over 10 points in Q3 and auto will continue to work at that in Q4 and into 2020. When I think about loss trends, they look to us like during the mid single-digits maybe plus a little bit in that five to six, 6.5 range commercial auto we are mindful that which means our pricing needs to be on top of that plus some to make appreciable progress in combined ratio. Chris or Beth anything.
DougElliot: Yes. So, maybe just a couple of comments about our new structure and then I will comments on what we work on the last couple of years. So, very excited Brian about this launch of NexGen spectrum, we have been kind of in the design and building stage for a couple of years now.And I think it is going to be a terrific product in the market much in the way the digital experiences that we are all use to on our personalize. Because of that launch we have been laser focus these last couple of years to get our rate adequacies on our spectrum product where they need to be because is very difficult if your profit challenge in the current line and then go to launch new product.So as we think about loss trends over these last couple of years, we continue to make sure we are on top of those trends with pricing, we see liability trends in that spectrum area still in the mid single-digits and our pricing has been matching that overtime and we feel good about our balance sheet in terms of the reserves that are recorded on our ledger. So, yes we have been very focused on loss trends here, I think good progress and now exciting that we launch our new effort into the latter half of the 2019 into 2020.
DougElliot: Well, we are optimistic that our non-workers compensation pricing continues to improve as I suggested that certainly was the case in Q3 and I expect that to continue into Q4. Yes, we recognized we have some headwinds on a worker’s comp environment. I would again point out the profitability those books is excellent particularly small commercial.So we are mindful of those headwinds and navigating in the middle of account-by-account and being thoughtful about class selection and state and geography and small commercial. And so, yes it is a tale of two where we are working hard to improve our core pricing while we understand is a very competitive worker’s comp dynamic that matters greatly to us.
DougElliot: I agree, Chris and I think we lay out a supplement, you can see we have made very good progress on the retention front, I still think there is a little more work to be done there. And it is a little bit more list. And then absolutely, we are focused on adjusting and thinking carefully about what we do on the new business front, because we want to raise those levels of new business successes.
DougElliot: Ryan thanks. Let us just start on the quarter and then I do want to come in because I think you are onto something relative to the prior trend. So in this quarter, we made an adjustment to our prior year development based on some large losses we had seen in our national account book.So it is largely national accounts, I would say almost all national accounts 80% of the changes national accounts, and it's something that we had not adjusted in the last several years. So really excited our national book.If you go back over five to six years, correctly stated we have been adjusting auto. I would say back in the 12 to 13 time period, we had a broader specialty auto book, transportation vehicles that caused some of the adjustment and actually raised our attention to this commercial auto dynamic that we have been working hard on for five or six years.So I would agree with if you have looked at what we have done in the commercial auto space on our reserves, and our current next year underwriting and pricing. This has been an ongoing work in process for us.We did some tuning in the quarter, more importantly, we continue to leverage the findings in our book of business to do the best job we can at underwriting and profitability book going forward and we are sharing them with Navigators as we come together.
DougElliot: Yes that was a multiple component question. So let me do my best to working away through. In other liability, general liability we made some tweaks really across years, across businesses, I would say a series of small tweaks couple in the product area, a couple umbrellas, et cetera.Nothing significant in any one pocket, but largely across our middle market book of business. Construction included a little bit of our specialty, general liability book. So that really is the basis for the tweaking we did in the quarter for general liability.In a broader sense, we think about loss trends, overall our loss trends are somewhere in that mid single-digit range when you combine all our lines and I’m thinking primarily about auto liability and GL which is two lines that really form the basis for most of your questions.So, they may move a bit between small and middle and some of our specialty lines with the global specialty book. But we are talking about trying to be on top of mid single-digit trends and now our pricing across various lines is either on top of slightly advancing on or - on top of in the case of some of our specialty access area.So, I share with you, we are really pleased about some of the specialty areas that we have had substantial movement in pricing double-digit moves in pricing where I feel like we are going to see the benefits of that kind of working into our book in 2020 and beyond.
DougElliot: So, Amit let me start and Beth and Chris can go over the top. We are not prepare today that to take into 2020 - what I’m very pleased about is if you look at our metrics and our access combine across commercial and you see in for our segments. I think we have done a nice job at dealing with loss trend, getting improving rate performance and across both our most profitable segment, which is small commercial kind of holding in margins that are terrific.And we are mindful that we need to make more meaningful change in the middle and large commercial areas. So, I look at all-in Q3 number on top of Q2 and feel pretty good about it and as I mentioned in my earlier commentary, we know there was a little bit of upward pressure from NAV book coming in, we will work our way through that and at some point that will be a positive, because we will starting turning the tide on that number as we move into 2020.
DougElliot: Let me start and then Beth can work over the top. I would say over the past six plus years, we have been working both pricing and underwriting. So we have been adjusting our offerings across the marketplace, in classes, monocline grouped with other accounts, et cetera. So multiple different options that we have been working.In general, I would agree with you that we have been light on our [XM] (Ph) picks at 12 months, which is the reason that if you look at our trend line, we have made adjustments to those prior year picks over the last six, seven years and I think we do a nice job of disclosing that in our in our supplement.So the disappointment is that last year obviously has been higher than we expected, and we didn't get the punch that we expected on the underwriting side. And so we are doubling down now, I think we continue to make progress again. I would separate some of this discussion by class of vehicle whether we are talking small commercial with primarily private passenger and light vans or middle market with some heavier or the specialty area.And I think that our success are like thereof is not very different than the overall marketplace. But what we have tried to do is when we see something in the book, we have addressed it both on our reserve levels and also on the underwriting. And that is why I don’t think there is anything new here, we just need to dive even harder. Beth.
DougElliot: You know I would say Yaron that obviously we update our statistic and views periodically that is what we did this quarter. So, that reflects our best views of trends going forward that in essence we price product on and book reserves on. So, it is our best thinking from here.Now, we have always talked about it, changes in incidence and/or recoveries is somewhat employment centric related. So as long as we don’t have any big shocks into the system I would expect our estimates here to hold, but as I have said it is a dynamic world out there and when things change, we just have to reevaluate our assumptions and we would change accordingly.
