Douglas Elliott: Mike, I would just add that it was a core priority of ours this year to improve our returns in Middle Market and Global Specialty, for sure. We gave you the underlying ex COVID, so you could look underneath COVID and understand what those changes are. And I'm quite pleased that both those businesses were seeing real progress. We're willing to forego some top line to achieve that initiative. And obviously, those goals were set pre-COVID. But when I look through COVID, I feel underlying 3.5 point improvement in Middle, and I feel the Navigators book is really improving as we expected. So I'm quite pleased by 9 months of the year so far. And I would just conclude with, as Chris and I talked about the forward trends, we talked a lot about written pricing trends. They will earn in, in the ensuing quarters. So we expect an improving earned premium impact as we go into '21. 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Let me start with the first part of that, Elyse. So when we think about color on pricing trends, I would start by saying that there really isn't anything in the quarter that surprised us. Our Middle Market workers' comp quarter-to-quarter pricing trends were about flat, second quarter to third quarter. And we saw a little bit of deterioration, about 1 point, on the workers' comp Small Commercial book, keeping in mind that Small Commercial, as I said in the past, is less subject to underwriter actions, it's more slot-rated, and it's in that small negative single digits in our expectation zone for 2020.  So not surprised by anything that happened in the quarter. This is not, Elyse, as you know, a new story. The negative trends were deeper -- slightly deeper last year, and we expected to face into these headwinds on the pricing side with comp now. And we're spending a lot of time thinking about the next several quarters as we and others get ready to make our filings in the various states on the workers' compensation line. So that's my color on workers' comp. I don't think it was a big new story in the quarter from my end.  Relative to margins, I guess I would say 2 things. There are a lot of underwriting activities happening in the Middle. So the Middle underwriting story is a combination of underwriting and pricing. And there, I think we feel pretty good about where we are, and I don't see any compression in our Middle Market. In fact, optimistic that we'll see improvement. In Small Commercial, we said to you at the beginning of the year when we forecasted 2020, we expected small compression pressure. And we're seeing that slightly, although 2020 you know has got so many moving parts because of COVID. So we've tried to look through them. And when I give you that margin component pressure, I'm really looking through COVID because, as you know, we're seeing very positive signs of favorable frequency from COVID. So there are a lot of things happening with workers' comp. We're spending a lot of time on the issue. I feel like our team is all over it by state, by geography, by class. But there isn't anything happening in our loss trends right now that we would say would be surprising. We feel like we're on top of it. 
Douglas Elliott: Sure, Josh. I'd start by saying that right now, the industry over the past several months and extending forward is in the middle of filing, working on rate changes for workers' comp for 2021. I would remind you that much of the experience base for those filings would be 2019, right? We're working a year in arrears. And 2019 was a very good year from the industry. So on one side, you have a pretty solid year underlying next year's pricing expectations. On the other, as you described, no question, there's been a change in the yield curve and all companies like ourselves are factoring that in. So you have competing forces, and then I might add, these are very state-specific. So all of us have our own loss experience in the state that we're looking at overall industry experience, our loss experience, trying to factor all that in. And now we have a new dynamic, obviously, with COVID that will enter the picture as we move over the next several quarters. So a lot happening in the workers' comp line, a lot happening in states relative to presumption. Not all states have taken presumptive activity, but that is basically the way the process works. 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Brian, we are well through what I would say round 1. So clearly into 12, 13, 14 months of the progression. Secondly, I do not think that our underwriting activities are standing in the way of what we're able to achieve on pricing advances for customers that we intend to retain for long periods of time. They just need a different price level and very pleased that we're able to achieve that.  And then lastly, I think it's well known, but I'm just going to state it. There are profit pressures within many of the Lloyd's syndicates. And our syndicate has clearly not performed to our objective. And so we've taken appropriate actions to get our margins back where they need to be. And yes, that has meant that we've had more top line pressure than probably we had hoped. But I'm encouraged that our bottom line margin performance will be much improved. And yes, we will take advantage of the pricing dynamic because the market needs it, those products demand it, and we're going to achieve it. 
Douglas Elliott: I would say that we're actively involved in the new business. Now it has to fit our profile and our activity. So we've made some choices to move away from some of the other European countries, and we've moved away from some classes that we just do not see a way toward profitability. But in our core professional marine lines and others, Brian, we are open for business, and I think you will see further growth as we get out behind this reunderwriting process that is largely behind us. 
Douglas Elliott: David, we are largely holding our casualty picks steady there. We want to see the maturity inside those trend lines. And as such, we feel like those years -- 2020 accident year is still immature in our deeper casualty lines. 
Douglas Elliott: I would say that we're going to help you a lot more with that question in 90 days. Part of the reason I say that is, there's so many different stories inside Commercial Lines, and we've got to roll it back up. There are lines where our pricing on a written basis are several hundred basis points ahead of loss trend, there are lines where it's tighter. And so as we get a better look at it in terms of what fourth quarter is all about and we kind of pull together our final details with 2021 plans, we will share that with you, but we are clearly leaning into margin improvement next year relative to these lines, where we're achieving strong pricing gains. 
Douglas Elliott: Yes. Good question. Let me do 2 things with that. And then we can go wherever you want to go. First thing I would say is that we've adjusted our underwriting strategy over these past 8 months. When COVID hit, we certainly increased our referral activity, referral to underwriter activity, taking away some of the abilities of CSRs to quote us and bind us online. And that definitely had an impact on the top line. Over the course of the last 8 months, we've modified that as we've learned more about the virus, and we've worked that through our underwriting protocols. And as such, I think that's given us a little bit of punch, positive punch on the back side of Q3. So I'd start there.  Secondly, as you look at our Supplement on Page 14, where we give you some in-depth detail with retention, we've tried to describe for folks that as you look at the PIF retention, particularly with Small Commercial, we were benefiting in second quarter because essentially we had cancellation holds on all those accounts that were nonpaying because of our moratorium. And as they lifted during the month of June into July, depending upon state, we saw the impact downward in the third quarter. So if you put Q2 and Q3 together, you look at a PIF retention that's really stable throughout the year and very consistent with prior years.  The same impact is going on with premium retention. So this is a dollar retention. And again, lots of things were happening in Q2. But we're feeling a little bit of the exposure pressure from payroll down in our 82 calc, and I'm looking at Small Commercial in Q3 in the Supp. So I look at the fundamentals underneath this IFS supplement that we share as very solid and very encouraging, as I shared, momentum as we closed out Q3 and jumped into Q4. I say that all with the caveat, as Chris described, that we don't control what happens in the COVID pandemic economic environment. But I feel really good about our engine. I feel like our product, particularly on the Spectrum side, is well understood and now fully appreciated with the digital capabilities. And I'm pretty bullish about where we're going to go in Small, subject to challenges, headwinds of the environment we face into. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. Thank you for noticing, Elyse. And you're right, we have built up excess capital during the last 7 months. And again, that was partly by design to deal with any unknowns that might come our way. But as we sit here today, I mean, we're still operating in a pandemic environment. The economic outlook is a little foggy, particularly as it relates to fiscal policy coming out of Congress. So I would say we're just waiting for just slightly a little bit more clarity. And then as we head into '21 and we share our business plans with you and our metric drivers, we will also update you on our capital management actions. 
Christopher Swift: Brian, yes, it is good. It's a good margin. If you really look through COVID, it's comparable to maybe slightly up compared to last quarter. I just would remind you, we did guide to 6.5% to 7% margin this year. I still think that's a good long-term anchor point for a margin on this business that equates into strong returns on capital. So that's what I would say. Right now, it feels good that we're printing the numbers we are, but there's pressures building, particularly from a competitive side, I could feel right now. 
Christopher Swift: So yes, we -- as we said in the second quarter, we did not put any BI-specific reserves up. So we think the policy language, as I said, is clear, it's unambiguous, and we're going to defend ourselves. So we'll have to see how things play out over a longer period of time. And unfortunately, Meyer, I've spent so many hours with our lawyers reviewing strategy and approach. And I wish there was a quick fix to sort of get rid of this overhang, but that's just not the way our legal systems work. And you're just going to have to be a little patient as we work through this litigation environment. I mean we're still very early in this, and it's just going to take time. 
Christopher Swift: Yes. Yaron, as we said in our prepared remarks, the trends both on recoveries, which is important, plus, obviously, new incidents remain strong. You're right, the first quarter of, in essence, earned premium on LTD is coming out of that 180-day elimination period. And as I said before, we don't see any new trends emerging at this point in time. It's only obviously one quarter. But -- I mean you can see in the data a slight to modest increase in incidences that we're just watching closely at this point in time. But I'm not here saying we've declared a new trend, but it's just clearly a watch area. 
Christopher Swift: Yaron, I'm AARP Hartford customer. Are you calling me digital-naive? In all honesty, it's a changing trend, and it's part of our joint strategy, and I'll let Doug add his commentary. AARP does want to grow in the 50- to 65-year-old, I'll call it, mature segment. We want to grow with them in that side of the marketplace. And digital, mobile, telematics is all part of the future from a number of different perspectives. Obviously, ease, there's some concerns about using credit in underwriting in the future that some regulators are bringing up. And then obviously, the COVID environment, I think, has taught us a lesson of sort of you can have more on-demand insurance in this space. So it's all part of our strategy to modernize that platform going forward. 
Christopher Swift: Sure. Yes, Jimmy, on the first one, what I would say is M&A is a low priority for us right now. We have, I would say, 50% of the integration activities at Navigators completed at this point in time. We need to finish that. I think there are wonderful organic growth opportunities that we're focused on with our excess capital. And as I alluded to, when we talk about capital management in early '21, I think it's a beautiful time to be buying our shares back, particularly in relation to intrinsic value. So I put it all together, and M&A is just a low priority to us. Particularly, I think the opportunity you're referring to is a mass market Personal Lines opportunity, and that doesn't fit our profile to allocate incremental capital to at this point in time.  As it relates to GB persistency, as I said in my prepared remarks, I'm generally pleased with the persistency that's about 90% through the year. So overall, I'll call it, account persistency is good, but the trend that we are seeing, and it just happens automatically, is that monthly payrolls are coming down in all segments, whether it be national accounts or Middle Market or smaller end of priority accounts with unemployment going up in a shock fashion. People are reducing premiums, and that's what’s created most of the drag that we've seen, but persistency, new business activities are returning to normal levels, although slightly down. So that's what I would share with you, Jimmy. 
