Beth Costello: Sure, Brian, I'll start. So yeah, as we look today, the new money rate is probably closer to 3.8% compared to the 3.3% average that we had for the quarter. Obviously compares very favorable to the Folio yield so you may recall a quarter ago when we were talking about our expectations for yield for 2022, I had said that, we expected to see a slight decline from where we were in 2021. Given where we are today, we'd expect 2020 to be relatively consistent with 2021 and then see increases as we go into 2023.
Beth Costello: Yes, Tracy, it's probably in the 10% to 15% range. So what you're quoting is a reasonable estimate there as we look at it across the year. .
Beth Costello: Yes. I mean as we talked about last quarter, we had seen the duration of the portfolio shortened. Some of that was in response to the liabilities. And also, as we looked at our surplus assets, it's our view on interest rates, we did shorten a bit anticipating a rise. Where we are today, I think, is appropriate when we kind of look at, again, our liabilities and so forth. And we're kind of consistently looking at that to determine if we need to make any changes as our liabilities move. But I wouldn't point you to any anticipation of significant changes, but it can definitely move a bit quarter-to-quarter.
Chris Swift: Yeah. And Brian, on the range question, 13% to 14% is obviously what we've been talking about for the last year, as you heard my confidence and optimism today. I believe we will achieve that in both those years. And you should not view the 14% as a limit, and we will try to achieve it. If the conditions are appropriate, particularly as Beth said, we'll have to see how the portfolio lift really plays out over a longer period of time. But that could be meaningful, particularly as you get into 2023.
Chris Swift: Elyse, we haven't changed our view. So as I said, we expect to be by that range, but there's no nuance there. I don't think our view is any different than it was 90 days ago. So we clearly have our sights set and believe we'll achieve inside that range.
Chris Swift: Yeah. I don't have a metric that I can give you today. I think the surge that we really felt beginning in late third quarter into the fourth quarter and then early 2000s which is sort of unprecedented as far as volume. We did build some new digital claim intake tools that helped relieve some of the call center pressure, but still had to process thousands and thousands and thousands of claims. So just know that, we – as much as we had some elevation of expenses, our Hartford next objectives for this business are still being met. We did, as I said in my prepared remarks, take the opportunity to look at investing maybe a little faster than we thought. So that will -- that is part of what's driving that. And as I said, that's mostly in the digital area and continuing in claims. So – but all that is still contemplated, David, in achieving our 6% to 7% margin for the year. So top line is growing a little faster now than we thought after a little slow start. So when you put the overall equation together of top line loss cost trends coming down, particularly as the pandemic in the second half of the year here seems to be less severe on mortality in achieving a 6% to 7%, which translates into strong ROEs on our capital. I think that equation is somewhat – is what we like. And your expense ratio point, expense ratio will come down just a little longer. It will take just a little longer than we initially thought.
Chris Swift: Okay. I tried to guide you a little bit for the full year. So just think of the full year expense ratio guide that I have you, and we’ll talk about 2023 and beyond at the right time, but that's not -- we're not ready to do that right here today, David.
Chris Swift: When you roll it up, Alex, at a commercial level, the non-cat inside commercial is probably about a point. So the good weather non-cat, the other line, a little pressure on a marine loss, but the other lines are cancer points that add up to good news. So the other in general, on commercial, when we started the year, we forecasted a couple of points of underlying improvement, about half of that coming from loss and the other half coming from expense.
Chris Swift: Basically right on that. So we feel good about the start to the year I think it’s right on our expectation.
Chris Swift: Yes. I don't know, Alex, if you're referring to short-term disability, long-term -- long COVID, but I will make the assumption that you're talking about more long COVID, which is significantly lagged. And I think we've talked about it in prior settings. I mean we are seeing a modest amount of claims coming in from long COVID, that meet the definition of a long-term disability. And then, obviously, is dictating some of the pricing expectations that are changing to get more rate in the book to cover some of that. So, yes, long COVID is real, and we're trying to manage it the best we can from a claims side and then also from an economic side.
Chris Swift: Andrew, first point, 6 to 7, we will achieve that this year. So as we said in our prepared remarks and we addressed one question, there is a little bit of seasonality in our the LCD picks in the first quarter generally normalized be able to see that. So I think that's impacting the 5 7. I would also say though that we probably had on a pre-tax basis, $15 million to $20 million of elevated mortality claims in our AD&D book and waiver book that we're just random events, accidents are particularly motor vehicle accidents. There's -- unfortunately, there's a number of other actions that are occurring. So I would say those two things probably put the most pressure on that 5 7 number but we’re still confident in the 6 to 7 range for the full year.
Chris Swift: I would characterize the quarter as reasonably strong for both Global Specialty and Middle, Large Commercial. Although flat and middle and large, still a very strong quarter. And we're being thoughtful about workers' comp and our aligned product strategy. So I look at our bottom and top line performance across all of our markets and feel really good about the start to the year.
Doug Elliot: No, I think you nailed it, Chris. We – Brian, have a very good handle on the risks located in those countries. I think we understand our book well. And this process has been deliberate and prudent. And I think Beth and I feel really good about the call we made in the quarter for what we know.
Doug Elliot: The area is a top three item for us across our leadership ranks. We're talking about it. We're working on it. And the other thing I would share, Chris, is we've had some very significant hires ourselves in the past 90 days. So I feel really good about some of the talent that has joined The Hartford. I like where we are. We've worked hard at it, and I think it will continue to be an asset for us as we compete forward.
Doug Elliot: The only other item I would add is that I did comment that we had adjusted primarily in auto physical damage or supply chain loss trends around severity. So our expectation in December and our reality in March were slightly different. We made those adjustments. Lastly, I'd point out, we make very specific quarterly calls in both our planning and our reserving. So know this is a quarterly March every 90 days, as we close our books, we make sure that everything we can see in our results and anticipate and the risks around this, we built into those calls. But the machine is finally tuned to have a 90-day period-by-period March. And so yes, as we -- if we feel more pressure in the back half of the year, we will deal with it. But right now, we're hoping for some easing, as we move July through December.
Doug Elliot: Well, I'd start with just my last comments, which is one of those puts was a little bit more pressure and water filled in. So we adjusted for supply chain. Generally, our frequency is holding. So I feel good about our frequency calls and what we're seeing with experience. And we're watching medical carefully. But so far, we feel pretty good about what we're seeing in the medical front. So all in, as we go through, and you know we've got probably close to 40 lines that we're looking on a quarterly basis. I'd say largely, our calls are holding and other than a few adjustments. First quarter came in as expected.
Doug Elliot: Mike, it's an ongoing matter, right? So we're continuing to assess loss cause and assess our rate accuracy state by state. As you know, this is a rolling state program. So, as I mentioned not half of our book now has achieved file increases over the past three or four months. We've got second quarter rolling right now. So I've got expectations for second quarter, I've got expectations for third quarter. I can tell you that based on the loss cause coming in, in the last week; we probably adjusted our third quarter view in the last seven days. So it is active real time, and we will continue to manage to make sure we've got enough rate in that book based on all of the tools available to us.
Doug Elliot: The favorable development is primarily workers comp and it was primarily in accident year 2017 and prior -- 2018 and prior, I guess so. But our book continues to look very healthy in those accident years and our actuaries may release fair amount in the workers comp area.
Doug Elliot: Andrew, I would suggest that our rate need is more aligned with the rate achieved in the first quarter. So we’re headed toward 6% to 7%, so that’s what -- 6.2% is what I shared in my script. I expect the second quarter rate to be in the 5% to 6% range and we’ll talk more in 90 days about the third quarter. But -- so I step back. No, the 2.9% is not going to be adequate to cover where we are with loss costs now, which is why our filings are in excess of 5%.
Doug Elliot: Our worker’s comp is a line that’s gone through a lot in the last three years with the pandemic. As we look at it today, no question that we are focused on filings as we work our way into this year and anticipate another round for 2023. There is headwind in the filing space. As you know, we essentially have negative filed rates across the marketplace that we are working to selectively underwrite our way through. Very pleased with what we’ve done to-date, but I can’t argue that there aren’t headwinds in front of us and things will be effective as we work our way through. Are signs relative to loss trend right now, we're still sitting on our long-term trends, right? So we still look at medical in that mid-single-digit range and then to be a little bit less than that. Frequently, as I mentioned before, has been largely in check. And then I would add to you that, we’re getting a little bit of benefit from wages, so we're seeing increased wages in our payroll. And as I've noted before, increased wages is a positive force as we think about our role for loss ratio. So a lot of work to be done, continued progress on the audit premium front, so positive audit. So yes, there are some puts and takes in workers' comp. I think our performance in the quarter was outstanding, and we'll manage our way to the headwinds as they come at us over the next 18 months.
Doug Elliot: We have statistics and we've read statistics. So we -- our numbers concur with that, but I can't suggest to you that our book on its own would drive all those statistics. So I'm not going to sit here and say that our telematics data is robust enough to kind of jump in the way or suggest otherwise. We are watching, driving, we're watching speed, we're watching time and day, all the factors that are important to our loss costs, and I think we made appropriate provisions in the quarter.
