Beth Bombara: Sure, Mike. So, as you recall, I mentioned that we do anticipate getting $500 million of dividends from Talcott in early 2016.
Beth Bombara: So that would be included. And we also expect dividends from Group Benefits and Mutual Funds. And similar to this past year, we would expect to have favorable tax receipts at the holding company as well. And all of that comprises the 1.9 billion that I mentioned.
Beth Bombara: I will take that. This is Beth. We had very modest adverse development, excluding A&E. We had some favorable development in our workers’ comp lines, which is offset a little bit by unfavorable development as it relates to the discount on workers’ comp reserve, which reflects the fact that as we’ve been settling claims at a faster pace, the amount of actual discount that you have in the reserve changes. And then, the other aspects were really just small puts and takes across the various lines. Really nothing that is worthy of calling out.
Beth Bombara: Yes, so that is correct. I have only included the 500 million that we’ve previously talked about. As it relates to 2015, I think what we’ve always said is we want to see how 2015 year actually ends. Through six months in June, Talcott first rate [ph] surplus is actually relatively flat once you adjust for dividends, and so what we really need to see is where we end the year. Right now we would anticipate that we would generate statutory surplus still in that 200 to 300 range, but as we said previously, kind of at the lower end of that range. But it really is going to be a function of just where interest rates land at the end of the year and how that potentially impacts reserves that we have to set. So until we end the year, we’ll evaluate where the statutory surplus is and there could then be potential, but we’re not putting that into our projections at this point.
Beth Bombara: I think it’s very consistent with what we’ve talked about in the past. And we are always open to the consideration of transactions, but at the end of the day, needs to make economic sense for us and where we sit today with the capital that we’re able to extract. And as Chris said, to manage the risk in that book, we feel very comfortable. But of course, we’ll always be open to other considerations as markets change.
Beth Bombara: Yes, as we’ve said in the past, we’ll always consider other policyholder type initiatives that could further reduce the exposure and that book of business. We’ve been very pleased with those that we’ve had in the past. As I’ve said pretty consistently is our thought process is to really be very targeted as we look at those initiatives. So we don’t have one right now in place. There is a team that consistently evaluates those to see if there’s something that could be done. But overall when we look at the continued reduction in the contract counts, we feel very good with the activity we’re seeing.
Beth Bombara: Yeah, I mean, I think the results speak for themselves and what we’ve been able to achieve with those programs. Again, we’ve always said they’re not right for everyone, and that’s why policyholders have a choice. But as we said, we’ve been pleased with the results that we’ve been able to achieve on both the programs we’ve had in the variable annuity and the fixed annuity space.
Beth Bombara: Okay. Thanks for the question. So again, as we’ve been talking about in the past, we are focused on reducing our overall rating agency adjusted debt to capitalization ratios, also focused on things like coverage rates and so forth. And so we really look at our capital, our debt structure sort of across the spectrum. And today as we sit here, I think that the eight teams do provide us benefit in that we do get equity credit as we look at managing that ratio. And overtime we’ll continue to evaluate the debt stack, keeping all those factors in mind, but no change in our views as to how we think about those.
Douglas Elliot: Mike, let me try to give you a little bit of color. You’re right. It was a very good Property quarter and workers’ comp too. It was about four points in Middle Market and a little bit less than that in small commercial and just in terms of the margin improvement in that line of business.
Douglas Elliot: I can do that. You obviously get the CAT numbers and you can see that the CATs are down Q to Q seven points from last year. The fire losses, as I mentioned, were down to the lowest level in the last five years. I think we’re about five to seven points less than the higher years during that five year period. So I would use as a gauge inside our non-CAT property element.
Douglas Elliot: Sure. Mike, a few things, one is, and we’re working all angles of this. We’re working on tuning our open road product which is our new auto class plan, so those tuning requirements continue throughout the country. We are investing and working hard on our homeowner’s product, probably a little bit more going forward than over the last three to four years. We think Homeowners is an important line relative to our personalized strategy, so a lot of work going on in homeowners. Clearly challenged in the agency space thinking about how we compete and looking for partners that are willing to work with us, work on a value prop play. We have been tuning that segment and will continue to tune. We do feel good about progress. Very pleased with our overall return efforts, but also want to see if we can get the top line moving in a little bit more positive direction.
Douglas Elliot: Yeah, John, the underlying in small, again, really across all our commercial businesses on property was probably several points less than sustainable. That doesn’t mean that we haven’t seen improvement, but I would say two to three points. When I look at our spectrum product in small commercial, a couple of points under where we have been the last second quarters of prior years, and really the key property business has performed pretty consistently the last couple of years. So at consistent levels but at solid levels. I like our loss performance, I think both [indiscernible] and CAT are in very good shape, but probably a couple of points better than a run rate perspective.
Douglas Elliot: Meyer, all the lines do have their own nuances to them. As I mentioned, Auto is right now achieving more rate across Commercial than other lines. So that’s the lead line. Workers’ compensation has been a bit more under pressure over the last couple of quarters. And even between small and middle, there are nuances. So, yes, very different dynamics across the lines. But, in general, pleased we still see rational competition. Maybe a bit more pressure, but I am very pleased about what we put up this second quarter, and feel good about our efforts first half of the year.
Douglas Elliot: Brian, when I think about our invest, I think about it over a longer period of time. So, I don’t think about it in spurts of quarters. This is a long-term process. I know we shared quite a bit of that progress in Charlotte with the investor day in June. We’ve got some of those invests going on in Middle. Yes, a little bit of pressure on the expense ratio, but I look back at where we are in kind of our quarterly expense and our annual expense targets, and I think about what’s happening through the bottom line in our margins. I’m comfortable with those invests, and actually see them over a longer period of time than I do over just 2015 or 2016.
Douglas Elliot: Erik, hi, this is Doug. A couple of thoughts about it. Really we had a terrific start to 2015, so we’re encouraged about that progress and really feel like we have priced our way through the challenges of two or three years ago, so that is in the rear-view mirror. As I look ahead, there are strong competitors around us, but I feel good about our ability to earn our way into the finals, and we’ve won our share. Inside our new sales, there’s a positive story both on new customer, but there also is a positive story on growing inside our current customers with at issue sales in addition to where we were last year with that current customer. So that’s point number two. And then lastly, voluntary has been an important part of our strategic grow these last couple of years, particularly just getting the product ready to meet the street. I think we feel good that we were able to work those 11-15 and now into 15 with the accounts with our abilities in the voluntary area. It is slow, it’s probably a little slower than Chris and I thought it might be. As we finish the year, our sales probably in the voluntary area will be just in the GAAP product area probably under 10 million for the year, but what’s important is that we’re able to be at the table with customers that demand that as part of their suite. And I think we’re there today, and a couple of years ago I was not able to say that.
Douglas Elliot: So that part of the challenge in our personal lines area is not new to the quarter. So we have had pressure in there. We see lots of competition. There are lots of names that continue to compete in that space. I’m very encouraged. I like where our team is headed. You know we have made a couple of very important additions in the last ninety day, so I feel good about that, and I think we will be talking more about strategy through the next couple of quarters, particularly in that personal lines area.
Christopher Swift: John, thanks for the question. I wouldn’t exclude one or the other at this point. I think you have seen our history and track record, particularly working to improve our financial position and deliver the firm, and obviously reward shareholders with accretive capital management. So the way we think about is we announced a plan through 2016. That is our intention. It is our highest and best use of excess capital, but I think what we were trying to signal is a little bit of an inflection point because we feel we’re in a different place. We’re in a different company today. And we can be a little bit more offensive minded about opportunities in the marketplace.
Christopher Swift: John, I think we think about opportunities across all our businesses. I mean, you mentioned a couple, but in Commercial, you really think about two main themes. If you’ve heard Doug and I and Beth continually talking about adding product and underwriting capabilities to the platform, being a deeper and broader risk player. That’s really what we mean in growing our future capabilities and industry verticals. So we think of specialty in that area. We think, in terms of larger parts of the U.S. economy, maybe we haven’t participated as deeply as I think we can or should.
Christopher Swift: You referenced and you heard Doug talk about marine construction, real estate, infrastructure related. Those are the types of things we talk about as far as the real economy and expanding. And along with our geographic penetration and focus. So, anything along those lines, in Commercial, would be very intriguing to us. And you mentioned Group Benefits. If I really look at our platform, I would say we gear it more towards a national or large account platform. Very balanced LTD, STD and Life business. About 50% of premiums in each of those categories. So, if there were opportunities in the small and medium case segments, and folks that potentially could accelerate the pace of our voluntary sales growth, those are the things we would think about there.
Christopher Swift: And then, lastly, in Personal Lines. Look, we don’t aspire to be a broad market player, but we think we have unique skills and capabilities in direct marketing, in sort of those niche areas. And we think in those terms, John, if there were opportunities to use our brand and direct marketing skills in our wonderful claim skills. So that’s just to give you a little bit more of a flavor.
Christopher Swift: John, just a last point there. I think in all of this and, hopefully, you of all people know, and others, is that we continue to be very thoughtful. I would say disciplined and deliberate in this area. Just knowing where we’re coming from and how we want to use shareholders’ capital in the most prudent fashion, going forward. But we did signal a change this quarter.
Christopher Swift: Brian, yeah, happy to. I think, a couple points. One, first, any acquisition opportunity first needs to be strategic and financially compelling to make sense. I think, second, we also think about it when we talk internally of the comparison to building organically, because largely what we have been doing is an organic focus. So an acquisition needs to be weighed generally in terms with an organic build. And those organic builds require an investment, requires timelines, obviously patience because it won’t happen overnight. So, you sort of weigh all that to sort of see would an acquisition opportunity really accelerate our growth and make sense. I think also, too, really since our transformation, we really driven down our cost of equity capital, reduced our leverage, improved our valuation. So, I think today we have greater flexibility to think about acquisitions. And, ultimately, we view it as a ROI or IOR type of analysis where it needs to add value over a longer period of time and exceed our cost of equity capital today or else we won’t do it. And I think from there then the historical metrics of EPS and book value per share will emerge in the accounting records that I think then will create value over a longer period of time for shareholders. So, as I said to John, we continue to be very thoughtful, disciplined, and deliberate in this area. So that’s how we’re thinking.
Christopher Swift: It’s part of the overall equation, but, again, from a strategic side when we’re trying to grow our capabilities and grow our earnings, that also needs to be weighed in because by itself, share buybacks don’t increase the nominal dollars of earnings going forward. So, but we do weigh that all very carefully, Brian.
Christopher Swift: Brian, it’s Chris. I think just another thing you need to think in terms of is, and I’m not sure where the industry stands in totality. All I can speak from is our company, but we really do need to modernize our tools, capabilities, infrastructure, digital content, and as Doug said, this isn’t a simple one and done over the next 12 to 18 months here. This is a commitment to fundamentally improve our customer facing, exchanges, interfaces, for the long term. So we’re going to be disciplined about expense management, but on the invest side we’re over clubbing to really improve our capabilities in this area. So, I think we are balancing the best way we can in this dynamics, but make no mistake about it, we’re committed to fundamentally improving our infrastructure and capabilities to improve our customer experiences.
Christopher Swift: Tom, thanks. I would say I think our current thinking right now is more modest, adding to capabilities and product lines. And I made a point to be clear, we’re a U.S.-focused company and organization right now. So, I assume if you were talking about transformative, you were thinking maybe beyond our borders, but our intent is I think we have opportunities to capture more market share with expanded products and capabilities in our U.S. territories. But also be sensitive to maybe following U.S. customers abroad with some of their skills. But we don’t think about building international local market expansion currently.
Christopher Swift: Tom, it’s a balancing act. I wouldn’t say it’s competing. That’s our plan, that is our intention, that’s what we think is the highest and best use. And if there’s alternatives that come along, we’ll put that as far as the overall equation. But I think you know myself and Beth, we are appropriately prudent in managing the balance sheet and always have flexibility in mind.
Christopher Swift: Yeah, Tom, and Beth can add her point of view. Again, how we think about it and maybe others have talked about it, too, is we said the deal needs to be strategic and make financial sense. And if we find something that from an acquisition side hits those hurdles and makes our ROI’s work, we’ll figure out how to finance it. And so I said earlier, we’ve reduced our leverage and will continue to reduce it, but we do have flexibility to figure out how we would, I’ll call it fund or finance a deal, if we found the right one. So that’s all I would say at this point.
Christopher Swift: Bob, it’s Chris. I think you outline some good points. We think about it generally as we are entering a very dynamic cycle, and that really every company, including our own, needs to think about competitive advantages. There is really a couple of drivers that we see. One, not all the industry participants have really enjoyed the price increases that we and others have had over the last three years, and pushed so hard to maintain. Generally, lower economic growth and continued low interest rates is really has a compounding effect on companies balance sheets and ability to investment in new technology and capabilities while producing good financial results. Alternative capital is just obviously disrupting some of the reinsurance base and it’s got the potential to creep into other aspects of the market. And then very important for I think for all of us is that distribution in our agents and broker partners are really going through their own form of industry consolidations, which ultimately means in my judgment that fewer carriers are going to be on panels. And brokers and agent will continue to look for those companies that have the most to offer for their clients. So I think the table stakes are higher to sort of meet the requirements of today. Ultimately as a national company, Bob, with a lot of great strengths, brand reputation, capabilities, new energy and vigor around it. I’m very optimistic of our ability to continue to compete and have competitive advantage to drive shareholder value going forward. So it’s probably not any one of those things. It’s probably all of it that we’re trying to-- I’ll call it manage for outcomes that we think are best for our shareholders and ultimately our employees and customers.
Christopher Swift: Yeah, I would say in and by itself, scale is not a driver. If you really look at our words and really what we’ve talked about here is adding new capabilities that we don’t have today or areas of the market-- the risk taking market. We’d like to participate more in. I’m sorry, I think that is more of an immediate focus, but you make a good point. Scale helps out, too. Obviously from an expense and efficiency side. And if you look at, at least one big deal that happened in New Jersey not too long ago. I mean, and we really think it in terms of it will over a longer period of time be a very compelling transaction that drives down unit costs, has greater tax efficiency, has a greater capital base to potentially take on risk. So those are all the things that we’re very well off.. But we also know what we’re focused on and particularly our segments of the market that we think we have great competitive advantage in.
