Doug Elliot: So, a few different questions inside. Let me see if I can uncouple and answer them. First point I'd make is that, from a seasonal perspective, our fourth quarter loss ratio is our highest quarter in the year. And consistent with our planning and history and also performance in 2021, I just want to note that it runs 3 to 5 points on average per year higher than our number for the year. So that is inside the fourth quarter. Secondly, as I said, in my remarks, we have rolled out eight states. By the end of 2022, we expect to be in more than 40 states. So, an aggressive rollout, although we have delayed a few states based on a rework around supply chain. We are actively working 45 states right now from a filing perspective. I think you've seen our pricing progress over the last couple years, we reported in the supplement relatively steady over that period of time. So, our rate need 9 months ago was relatively small. That has changed as we've watched supply chain and Andrew, we're reacting to that on a weekly basis. So aggressive approach to what we're doing with filings happening by the week, by the month, aggressive in first quarter second quarter and expect over the next 5 months we will be largely through that effort. And you'll continue to see as we work our way through 2022, the results in our written pricing as demonstrated in our supplement.
Doug Elliot: I guess a few things, Tracy, I would point out. You're right. Our Prevail product is a 6-month product for auto. So that changes the dynamics of how we'll manage the product, the speed and our flexibility around that. There's also a feature of lifetime continuation in the old product that now is not with the new product going forward, essentially across the country. So, yes, we think we have a much more nimble approach, a contemporary product and excited about the early results. But we have a lot of work in front of us in '22 to get it rolled out across the country.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, I would say that largely '22 loss trend picks are consistent with '21. Comp was certainly consistent vis-a-vis both frequency and severity. We've talked about medical severity up over mid-single-digits and then the higher middle digits and frequency has been pretty favorable. The one tweak we have made in the last couple of years, I guess two tweaks. One is, we're aware of and focused on supply chain to where its supply chain is heading, building construction property, et cetera. We've bumped up that trend a little bit, and we continue to watch excess trend as well. So casualty excess is an area where we've been in the high single digits and remain there for '22.
Doug Elliot: The other last point I would share, Greg is you also have to do a compare, right. So, the compare against '20 for our '21 performance was a easier compare because of what happened in the second quarter of 2020. We had a terrific year, this year. Essentially, we wrote through in terms of new business as much as we had expected 9 months ago for an 18.4-month period. So now all of a sudden, the '22 compare will become more challenging just because of the success we had in '21.
Doug Elliot: So as our written pricing goes in, obviously, we'll be earning that heavier element second half of the year. Our loss trend picks, though, are spread throughout the year as we deem appropriate. And as I mentioned, although we think frequency will be just up slightly, we have leaned into supply chain on the severity side. So that is a part of our overall assumption. And I think on top of the trends we experienced this year, which are -- we all can see, as you look at loss ratio performance '20 versus '21, I think that the combination of both these years and our expectations for increased severity next year are reasonable selections that we made inside our business plan.
Doug Elliot: Mike, maybe one other thought, too. I don't think it's well-known, but when you look at loss costs inside personal lines auto, a significant component of that auto loss cost piece is liability. So, supply chain is impacting, its damn differently than liability and not to be underestimated, liability has been performing for us. So, knock on wood. We still have to watch and we have to perform through 2022. But more that supply chain is sitting on top of physical damage, and physical damage is not 100% of the loss costs.
Doug Elliot: Gary, when I think about accident year '21 to start, I would say that very quiet activity. I mean, Gary, we had leaned into our loss trend selections in planning out the 2021 year. And as you know, on those casualty lines, unless there's some raising real big reason, we don't come off those trend lines for multiple years. And then as we always do every time we close the book, so looking back on all the prior accident years, we had some pluses and minuses, the net of all that was a generally a pretty favorable quarter, relative to that and we've talked about Navigator. So, I feel really solid about our balance sheet. I think we work hard at it. We assess it. And '21 performed basically in line with expectations with the exception of some of the pressures we saw from COVID and supply chain.
Doug Elliot: Love that question. What I want you to read into Small Commercial is 88 and 17% growth in fourth quarter and over 11% in the year, right? So that business is hitting on all cylinders. We feel really good about our rate adequacies. We are strong across, Gary, all the lines inside Small Commercial. And I think the rollout of our new spectrum product over the last 2 years it just hit the street the exact spot we intended to. So, no, I'm very bullish. At some point you have such strong profitability. We leaned hard into growth that we felt like it was the right time to do that, it was the right product mix. And I look back on '21 and not sure I would change anything in a Small Commercial performance.
Doug Elliot: I think we have a strong customer base that believes in our product and our association with AARP. So, in general, retentions I expect to be strong. To me, one of the hallmarks of great retention is consistency and pricing and a super product. And I believe those are all priorities, they are in terms of our strategy and behaviors as we work through time. And I'm excited about the advancement of the contemporary product design that we're going to see with Prevail. So, we felt we needed to do that. It's been a big investment, a lot of work. But we felt like this was the right time for us to completely refresh and rebuild our product so that, Josh, that degree of stickiness was not only stay the same, but get stronger. I think it will over time.
Chris Swift: Yes, Andrew, it's Chris. I would say, yes, we see it as a fit. We like the business. Obviously, over the years, we've improved our contractual relationship with AARP and extended it for 10 years. So, I think of it is primarily an affinity direct marketing business with two great brands, meaning AARP and THE HARTFORD. So in particularly with the modernized product, the platform, our digital emphasis, I think we can really make something happen here that we hadn't been able to do before just given some of the contractual arrangements. So, it's a preferred segment we like, and I think we got a good brand in there, and it's not unusual for commercial line carriers that have personal lines operations, and we think it contributes to our overall profile and our overall earnings and hourly components.
Chris Swift: Tracy, it's Chris. Just one point of emphasis. Doug, obviously is thinking about Prevail and then our existing in force book and all the work that we have to do, but even in our existing 12-month policy, new business only is not having a lifetime continuity agreement. So, we have the ability over the last 18 months or so -- 12 months, we're writing new business with AARP even in the non-Prevail product. We are not writing new business with lifetime continuity agreements. So, but the vast majority of the in-force still obviously has lifetime continuity. So just one just a little nuance.
Chris Swift: Greg, make no mistake. I mean, we are focused on growth, right? We think it's a great time to grow given the environment. But you also know that a lot of our competitors, since it's a good time to grow, too. So, there is still a discipline that we still want the teams to have. We want them to be orientated to growth and taking risk and using all the sophisticated tools we have on our underwriting side, but it's not growth at all costs.
Chris Swift: Yes, it's -- you got a lot of different veins of thinking in there, Josh. What I would say is, as I tried to say, we feel good about where the balance sheet is now. We put our fingerprints over it for the last 2.5 years, including new business. So, we got it positioned the way we want it. And that's what I would say.
Beth Costello: Yes, Tracy, I'll take that. As a significant change some of that is also related to just the change in the duration of the liabilities. But we did shorten duration in what we refer to as our surplus assets just given our views of what's happening with interest rates. So, some of the sales that we did in the fourth quarter where on the longer end, but I would say that it's not a significant change, but again just our way of positioning the portfolio. We do look at AOCI in total. But again, I wouldn't characterize some of the changes we've made in anything all that significant.
Beth Costello: The only thing I would add, Elyse, I really look at the additional amount that we did in '21 is just an acceleration of what our plans were for 2022. I mean, as you know, we typically do look to execute our capital management plans ratably over the periods, but we're not agnostic to share price. And our program does provide us flexibility to react when movements in share price make it attractive for us to maybe repurchase a bit more than we had originally planned. And as Chris said, we're executing on the total authorization of $3 billion and very pleased with that.
Beth Costello: Yes, what I would add is, as we think about the asset class and over the long-term, we think about our return more in sort of the 8% to 10% range, it's how we think about what this asset class can deliver to us. Obviously, very pleased with the results we had this year. And as Chris indicated, a significant portion of the gains that we had were actual realizations of asset sales and so forth in the underlying fund. So, all in all, great performance, but I'd think about kind of 8% to 10%.
Beth Costello: Yes, I agree on the comments on the overall balance sheet. And as it relates to the specific activity that we saw this quarter, it was primarily in financial lines and a little bit in life sciences and really just a reaction to some higher-than-expected large loss emergence. So, as we looked at what we were experiencing and went to make our year-end picks took all that into consideration.
Beth Costello: Yes, the one thing that I'll just add to that as it relates to trend, and I know, Doug commented on this before, is just keep in mind that fourth quarter is always a high auto quarter for us from a seasonality perspective. And I think to the point as we look to get right into the book as we think about increases in supply chain, I think when you look at the first half of the year in 2022 compared to the first half of the year in 2021, I'd expect to see things a little bit elevated from there, because we really started to feel supply chain in the latter part of '22, just from a compare perspective, if that's helpful.
Beth Costello: No, I wouldn't point anything specific, Gary. I mean, again, as we evaluate the actual experience in both  frequency and severity perspective, we've made some adjustments on that. I’ve been really pleased with how the line has performed over time, but nothing specific that I would point to.
