Beth Bombara: Thank you, Doug. I’m going to cover our other segments, investment performance and capital management activities before taking your questions. Our P&C other segments had core earnings of $18 million compared with a loss of $154 million last year, which included $174 million of adverse development on asbestos and environmental reserves. As a reminder in the past, our annual A&E study was completed in the second quarter. After the purchase of the A&E reinsurance cover from National Indemnity last year, we moved this annual study to the fourth quarter, so there is no impact from A&E in this quarter’s results. Turning to mutual funds. Strong net flows and market appreciation as well as the addition of the Schroders funds drove total segment AUM up 18% to $107.7 billion and core earnings up 20% to $24 million. We continue to benefit from strong investment performance with 77% of our funds beating their peers on a five-year basis. Sales of $6.2 billion generated positive net flows of $1.3 billion in the quarter. Through the first-half of 2017, net inflows of $2.6 billion are up significantly, compared with net outflows of $600 million in the first-half of 2016. Talcott’s core earnings were $80 million, down from $91 million in the second quarter of 2016. Over the past four quarters, VA contract counts decreased 10% and fixed annuity contracts decreased 6%. Talcott’s statutory surplus was $4.3 billion at quarter-end. We expect Talcott to pay $300 million dividend to the holding company in the third quarter for a total of $600 million in 2017. In the Corporate segment, we had core losses of $52 million compared with core losses of $50 million in the prior year. Operating expenses in the second quarter of last year benefited from the reversal of a legal accrual, which masked the benefit over the past year of the decline in interest expense, resulting from the reduction in debt. On an all in basis, the Corporate segment had a net loss of $540 million, reflecting a pension settlement charge of $488 million after-tax, or $1.31 per diluted share, due to transfer of approximately $1.6 billion, or 29% of our U.S. defined benefit pension obligation to Prudential. As a reminder, the pension charge includes $344 million loss that was previously included in AOCI. So while the charge to net income was $1.31 per diluted share, the impact of book value per share was lower at $0.39 The investment portfolio continues to perform well with generally stable portfolio yields, strong LP returns and modest impairments. Total LP investment income was $48 million before tax for annualized yield of 8% compared with $40 million, or 6.1% in the second quarter of 2016. Excluding LPs, the total before tax annualized yield was 4.05% this quarter compared to 4.14% in second quarter 2016. To conclude on earnings, second quarter core earnings per diluted share were $1.04, up significantly from $0.31 in second quarter 2016, which included a $0.44 per share charge for A&E. Excluding that charge, core earnings per share were up almost 40%, which includes the effect of the 7% reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding. The improvement in core earnings was primarily driven by better personal lines results, along with higher core earnings from each of the other segments with the exception of Talcott. Our core earnings ROE for the past 12 months was 9.3%, up 1.9 points from a year ago and our core earnings ROE excluding Talcott was 11.3%. P&C core earnings ROE was 13.1%, a very strong result despite personal lines results being below our long-term target, while group benefits was 11.2%. Turning to shareholders equity, book value per diluted share was $46.84, down slightly from a year ago. Excluding AOCI, book value per diluted share was up 2% since June 30th, 2016. Before taking questions I wanted to provide a quick update on capital management. During the quarter we repurchased $325 million of stock and through July 25th we purchased about 1.6 million shares for $85 million for third quarter to-date. This leaves approximately $565 million available under the $1.3 billion equity repurchase authorization for 2017. To conclude, this quarter’s results demonstrate continued strong and steady operating results with consistent and disciplined execution in competitive markets. We are pleased with the continued progress in personal auto where our results are clearly improving and commercial lines, group benefits, and mutual fund results remained strong, supported by top line growth. I will now turn the call over to Sabra, so we can begin the Q&A session.
Beth Bombara: No, I’ll just follow up with the comment on the expense ratio. I mean, yes if we do increase as our plan is, our marketing spend in the second half, we would expect to see some uptick in that expense ratio, but again that was contemplated overall when we provided our guidance at the beginning of the year. So as Doug said, overall we see things performing very consistently with our expectations.
Beth Bombara: Sure. So from a cash tax rate, when you are thinking about our earnings, keep in mind that we obviously do benefit from the utilization of net operating losses, but given the amount of preference items that we have, both from a dividends received deduction and the tax exempt interest on municipal bonds, we do find ourselves in a position of paying AMT tax, so actually from a cash tax perspective, if you are looking at our GAAP earnings, we’re probably paying a rate in cash that’s a little bit higher than the statutory rate.
Beth Bombara: Yes, as we look at our forecast going forward and again continuing to utilize net operating losses, but continuing to see ourselves in an AMT position, yes that situation would continue.
Beth Bombara: Yes, Brian, so we planned for $600 million of dividends from Talcott this year, we took $300 million in January. And then, as I said, we anticipate taking $300 million this quarter, so sometime in August or September.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So typically, when we apply for a dividend, it comes out very shortly thereafter. So now we have not put an application in yet. But again, we anticipate doing that sometime in August or September.
Beth Bombara: So, jay, it’s Beth. I mean, so first of all, it gets a little complicated talking about tax impacts on hypothetical transactions. The one thing that I will point out when you think about that is that, the tax basis of Talcott is lower than the GAAP basis. So the tax basis is probably more in line with the statutory book values. I don’t know if that helps you in your thinking, but again, tax and tax impacts are always really based on actual terms and – of a transaction, so it’s kind of hard to comment hypothetically.
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Jay. So first of all, we were very pleased to enter into that transaction, reduced our pension liability. From a GAAP earnings perspective, I would say, in the short-term, it’s probably a little bit of a negative just given the nuances of pension accounting. Again, over the long-term in a volatility that comes from changes in assumption and so forth. We see this as a very favorable transaction for us.
Beth Bombara: So again, the transactions settled as of June 30. So it does take that into consideration what we’ve disclosed in the financial supplement. I will remind you that we are right now we did issue the Glen Meadow hybrid in February and that was from about – that was $500 million, which is there to prefund June 2018 security that we intend to repay. So again, adjusting for that, we would expect that our debt-to-cap ratio would come down.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So, obviously, we’re going to continue on our current path for this year as it relates to the capital actions that we have underway. The – I would not guide you to think that the pension contribution that we have would significantly alter sort of our plans as we think about capital actions in the future. And as we think about capital return from the operating subsidiaries, to the extent that operating income and it continues to perform well. We’ll evaluate all that as we think about what capital we can take out of the subsidiaries next year. But very pleased that we’re seeing improvement there. So if I look at P&C last year, we anticipated taking $800 million out in dividend this year. We’re on track to take out $850 million and we’ll evaluate next year based on our projections of what we think the capital return can be from there.
Beth Bombara: Yes, so a couple of things. So, as we pointed out this quarter and the same with last quarter, we did have favorable partnership returns and in this situation both first quarter and second quarter, that was skewed a little bit more to property causality than to some of the other segments, so that’s part of what was driving that. And then, we do continue to see some non routine income, we talked about this in the past, we don’t budget for that, but as companies tend or debt and so forth sometime we get a little bit of a pickup there, but overall I would say the rate that we’re – the yield that we are earnings is consistent with our outlook.
Beth Bombara: No, actually and we have extensive disclosure in our 10-Qs on the various balances related to A&E, but actually more of our reserves are A then E. And again as said, we will be looking to do that evaluation in the fourth quarter, but I’ll just give you the page number, if you go to Page 100 – Page 84 in our 10-Q, you can see the breakout of both Asbestos and Environmental Reserves and at the end of June on a net basis asbestos was $1.288 million and environmental was $259 million.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So in the quarter, we benefited a little bit less than $50 million from being able to admit more DTA than we could in the previous quarter. It’s really just based on math of just what the rules are relative to what year admitted tax asset can be. We do see that bounce around often and we like to point that out just, because as we’ve talked about before. When we think about surplus generation in Talcott, movement of DTAs from admitted – from non-admitted to admitted, we don’t really think of that as generating potential for future dividends.
Beth Bombara: So that’s a pretty complicated question on me. And so it kind of would depend on, again, how one might use division. So I don’t think I can really give you an easy answer that that would or wouldn’t impact how we utilize DTAs. It’s really going to be based on anything on taxes, it’s going to be based on facts and circumstances.
Doug Elliot: Thanks Kai, this is Doug. As we’ve described in prior calls, our goal in the auto line is to achieve a 96.5 ex-ex auto target, so that is our goal. It isn’t quite at our longer-term profitability targets, but it is certainly our near-term focus and we intend to do everything we can to get there by the end of 2018.
Doug Elliot: And Kai, just in closing, we expect this year on a loss ratio basis in personal auto. We’re expecting two to three points of improvement, so we’re having back to offset, first half of the year was right in line with that and as we play out the second half, we expect to achieve those targets.
Doug Elliot: Kai, I guess the only thing I would add is that, there has been a awful lot of discussion about not only disruption, but clearly the frontend sales quoting and changes that may occur there. I’d also remind you that in addition to those skills required, you know there is still an awful lot behind that is important to the equation, so having world-class server centers, having a terrific claim operation, having dynamic sales professionals, right; having the data and analytics and the science behind the engines, so we’re working on all facets of our small commercial operations. We do see change coming, we see it probably quicker today than we did a year ago, we’re being responsive to that change and we are working hard to take advantage of it as it comes.
Doug Elliot: Let me work each side of the question, so the first piece is that, we’re working equally as hard on homeowners and actually if you extend that over the past three to four we’ve been working diligently at homeowners for a multi-years dealing with cat zones and deductibles etcetera, so that’s the reason why you see the homeowners pricing as is. On the automobile side, on a written basis, I would suggest that as we look out we expect to continue see at least over the next couple of quarters more quarters in the pricing realm written like you’re seeing in June that’s second quarter. The earned pricing is starting to catch up, so as I think about the last four quarters, we’ve moved on an earned auto basis from 6 to 7 to 8 to 9 and that will approach 10 as we move into the third quarter. So, yes, it’s catching up, and at some point if there is a deceleration in our auto written, because our rate adequacy improves. There will be a point where an earned is greater than written, but that’s all math, right, and we’ll see that as it comes.
Doug Elliot: Tom, we’re feeling very good about our workers’ comp book of business, both Small Commercial, which workers’ comps are a big part of our profile and also Middle Market and National Accounts Casualty. So our trends very consistent frequency severity, medical severity, et cetera. So in general, all the signs inside the book are in very good shape. It’s also causing a bit of competition in the marketplace. I think people are seeing good numbers on the worker’s comp side. So competing effectively like where we are if we have a strong value prop in the comp marketplace continue to do so, but also drawing some lines, particularly in Middle Market where we see at times some very aggressive behavior. We’re trying to make good economic choices and I like where we are with our comp decisions.
Doug Elliot: Good question, Brian. Number one, I’d say, we’re pleased with our overall pricing in second quarter, just up slightly from first quarter. So in aggregate sense, pleased with the stability there. I think everybody knows though that auto is a driver. So we’re pleased our progress in auto. My focus is in the casualty lines and what’s happening in property. And there we’re – I’d like to see a little more rate. I think over time, as carriers look at their actual results, we will see adjustments. But over the next couple of quarters, I’m not sure, I see anything in the near-term that says the quarters are going to behave differently. Our Small Commercial results, as we share with you in our supplement, good pricing in Small Commercial, it’s middle, where there’s an awful lot of competition. And so our new business is down and I think there’s a direct correlation between us deciding to walk away and just not seeing enough economic activity that makes sense for us. We’ll gauge that and share with you as we go through the next couple of quarters what the results look like.
Doug Elliot: Jay, very difficult to understand and be able to determine. But I would say this. We watch the fast track signals carefully. They are a quarter in arrears and you can get the data. So we always match our statistics against fast track, and so we’ve looked at first quarter. I do believe, though, that the actions we’ve taken over the past 18 months are clearly driving some of the positive change we see in our book of business. So – and as you look at the overall signals in the marketplace through fast track, you still see some bodily injury pressure that hasn’t totally gone away, it’s still there. We feel it in Commercial and we still see a bit of it in Personal Lines. But in general, I feel like the work we’re doing across our class plans and through our agency plans are having a very positive impact on our Personal Line results and we continue to play this story out.
Doug Elliot: Meyer, that’s a good question. I’m trying to figure out how I want to answer that. I don’t think I want to give you a number. I mean, in general, we’ve got indicators across all our lines of business and in terms of what we expect, given levels of new business. Given our class plan, I would say this. Our signals offer our new business in 2017 are showing that it might be the best new business year from a quality and a loss ratio performance we’ve had in many years. And so as I look at the frequencies and our new what we’re putting on the books today, I look at our class plan work, et cetera. I’m very encouraged by the early signs of this year. So, our new business penalty and what we’re putting on the books could be rather minor. I want to go out on a limb, it’s early. The year hasn’t played out and we obviously want to pick up our pace with growth and we’re targeted around our AARP Direct customer segment. But at the moment, I’m not worried about that. I’m feeling very comfortable with the progress we’ve made, I think, we’re going to have good pricing at adequate terms to be competitive in the marketplace long-term.
Doug Elliot: It was a little bit more, particularly to Small Commercial. So our Middle Market book has really been written under – underwritten over the past three to four years and pretty good shape. It’s just been a matter of trying to keep up with loss trend, which we’ve been trying to do with pricing in Middle Market. In the Small end, we had a little bit of pressure over the past three quarters. And so we have leaned into not only pricing, but also some underwriting actions. We’ve triggered a bit more referral activity to our underwriters to look at a series of actions in our small commercial book. The business is down slightly. It’s causing a little bit of a overhang on our overall growth, probably a point on our overall Small Commercial growth. But I think it’s necessary that line is now starting to behave better or combines or improving. And over the next several quarters, we’ll be in better shape in Small Commercial auto.
Doug Elliot: Ryan, we do feel very good about our balance sheet. And we felt, as we closed 2016, we took the actions that were appropriate, given everything we saw on all of our lines, including commercial auto. Again, one of the biggest challenges in every year as you start out is to anticipate loss trend, and I understand what you think your pricing will be. And so I think about our 2017 accident year. We just tweaked auto a little bit in our national casualty excess book and also in Small Commercial. But I think not far from where we were. And as you know, in our Small Commercial space, auto was our smallest line. It’s essentially 10% of the book, so I just want to get that back closer to where it should be on profitability. But it’s not causing major moments to step back and think otherwise.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I don’t think there’s anything major there. We’re competing well. We had a good new business quarter. Again, we’re working price in our small segment not only in auto, but other lines. Competitive worker’s comp space, but nothing that is out of the ordinary.
Doug Elliot: Good question Elyse, no question that there are a series of compounding positive features that roll into the 2018 year and beyond. So the rate discussion that we’ve had previously and also the underwriting initiatives will continue to earn their way through the second half of this year and then into 2018. So the 96.5 is the XX underlying, I still think it’s achievable, we’re working at it and I don’t, at the moment, think that we’re going to be putting on so much new business that will get in the way of achieving that target, so we’re mindful of the target, our lean back into new business will be geographic driven, it will be territory where we have better rate adequacies and we feel better about our approach, so I would suggest you we’re going to do it in a laser focused way that will not disrupt our path back to 96.5.
Doug Elliot: Generally speaking, they are low-to-mid single digits in the aggregate right, we look across our lines, worker’s comp I described before, frequencies are flat to slightly down a little bit, severities depending upon medical or wage are single digits. There is a debate to be had about general liability because it takes a while to really understand what the accident year loss trends will be, but our view is that they are mid single digit-ish, properties got lower single digits attached, so in general we see a pretty stable loss cost environment, but also one that isn’t stacked on zeros right and we think about the non-worker’s comp. lines. We expect the other lines to have some degree of small loss cost inflation that we’re trying to deal with in our pricing.
Doug Elliot: All right. So that’s a good one to take out, right? So we are obviously assuming a baseline of loss trends. Secondly, much of the activity, the hard work has already happened, right? So we’ve got to earn in the written activity that we now are sharing with you, you can see it through the second quarter. And obviously, there’s still a lot of work state by state to make happen. We’ve got rate change activity in the third quarter and fourth quarter. But when we see through the plan, we’re executing as we expected to, this goes back nine months ago when we built that plan. And if things continue to execute like we think they will, that chart – that target is very achievable. But I wouldn’t say without sweat, right? We’re working our tails off to get 96.5, I feel good about that, but if this were a baseball game, we’re not bringing the relievers in yet, right? This is still in the middle of the game.
Doug Elliot: Yes, it all depends on how quickly we get there and when we do arrive. I mean, our rate adequacies in our business plans are all built dynamically as the next 12 and 18 months kind of play out. So pleased with progress, another six months of progress would close up a very nice turn year for us in 2017, which we expect to happen, and then 2018 is a big year to move closer to the target.
Christopher Swift: Kai, it’s Chris. What I would say is, there is a lot of activity in the fintech space in general. If I understood your question with money and activity and obviously we’re very proud of our leadership in the small commercial space in general. We participate in those activities through our venture group whether it be finding partnerships, doing experiments, allocating capital, the startups, so we have all types of activities in that space. And I said in my prepared comments, we are going to continue to be a leader in this space as things continue to change. So, a lot of our investment dollars are targeted towards a more of a digital business model. And if you think of some of the M&A activity that’s occurring in the space and particular that what we did a little over a year ago acquiring Maxim, Maxim was specifically targeted to a small commercial end of the market, so with our technology, with E&S capabilities with enhancing digital experiences, I feel good about the path that we are on.
Christopher Swift: Thank you. You’re going to be disappointed. I really just feel at this point just speculation on a transaction that the whole theory behind holding, selling just is not helpful at this point in time. I think, we’ve been pretty consistent on saying that, we’ve run Talcott off over the last five years. We’re pretty comfortable continuing to do that. But at some point in time, we’re not the natural owner of it going forward. So why don’t we just leave it as that that Talcott is contributing the way it is. And if anything is done, it will always be based on an economic, conclusion for shareholders. And I think we’ve been pretty consistent in our approach over the last five years as we’ve restructured the operation. But beyond that, Tom, it’s just – now is not the appropriate time to comment.
Christopher Swift: Sure, Jay. I mean, I would say that again the amount of new business we write the volume of our book already speak to the results of investing in this business significantly over really the last 30 years. So you don’t have 1.1 million customers. You don’t have $3.5 billion, $4 billion of premium by accident. And as Doug said, whether it be service centers, whether it be digital experiences, whether it be self-service capabilities. I mean, we’re in the midst of, I’ll call it, the next wave of digital tools that we’re rolling out. I would also say, as Doug mentioned, I mean, there will be always the need for advice in, I think, risk products. No matter what size of a Small Commercial you want to define from the smallest to the largest and it’s incumbent upon carriers and our distribution partners to figure out the best way to get those customers advice. So – but the whole – all aspects of the business model are important from a customer experience side. It’s not just acquiring customers. It’s servicing, its billing, ease of audit. And more importantly, in the moment of truth, when there is a claim, I mean, you have to have a an experience that engenders customers that want to renew with you into the next period. So we’re focused on all parts of the value chain and keep it at a high level, Jay, you would not expect us to give any secret sauce out on the call here today.
Christopher Swift: Yes, Ryan, I would just say, again statistically, Doug is right, but the inference is, we’ve been aggressive with commercial auto rate in middle and small and there might be a knock-on effect for other lines, as it relates to commercial auto. But Doug’s larger point and maybe it was nuance. I mean, the marketplace in general, particularly in Middle is still highly competitive. So as Doug said, we try to anticipate and provided obviously some indicators of where we saw margins going. So halfway through the year, I feel like we made the right call six months ago as far as price pressure. If you think about long-term loss cost trends that you have to price for and reserve for or we are where we are. But equally, it’s also in a pretty good shape too. You continue to grind out all the activities that you have available to you to manage margins. But the simple pressure of price in lost cost trends in Middle is not a surprising results, where margins are going to be under pressure for the coming quarters.
