Susan Spivak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2021 earnings. Yesterday we reported results and posted all of the earnings-related material on our website. For the call today, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford. Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer, and Doug Elliot, President. Following their prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A period.  Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call, investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.  Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures, explanations, and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this call can be produced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartford's website for 1 year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Susan Spivak: gives us the opportunity in 22 to be relatively consistent with 21. So we're not looking to significantly change the timing of what we had already laid out for 21. But again, as Chris said, as we look at underlying business performance and levels of capital at the holding Company, we felt this was the appropriate actions.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Matt. We appreciate you all joining us this morning for the review of the third quarter earnings. As a reminder, our Virtual Investor Conference is on November 16th, from 1:00 to 4:00 PM. And you can register right on our website. Thank you.
Beth Costello: Yes. What I would add is, as we think about the timing of the share repurchases, as you recall, under the 2.5 billion authorization, we had said that we anticipated a billion 5 in '21, with a billion in 2022. So increasing by 500 million
Beth Costello: As I mentioned, the changes that we made this quarter were in  wholesale construction and and really just increase some of the tail factors that we had in that book. And overall, when I think about the navigator’s reserve and even think of the action that we took this quarter, with or without the ADC, relatively small movement when you think about the overall balance sheet and reserves that we have.
Beth Costello: Yeah. Gary, great question. So yes, we do have an aggregate cover that kicks in when losses that get seeing that cover exceeds $700 million and provides $200 million of protection. And so when you look at the cap losses that we've had through September 30th, we probably have about little less than $50 million to go, before we would start to hit that $700 million attachment point.
Doug Elliot: Shirley, let me start, and Beth will fill around the edges for sure. As I mentioned, over 5 points of commercial loss improvement, you've got to adjust for COVID. So COVID is a point and a half of that change year-over-year. But then across our core lines, essentially, all of our lines are earning in positive rate. And so as I think about that, the adjustments and the variables that drive those changes are all coming from that positive current rate change, so I think it's sustainable as we look into the fourth quarter. We had a little bit good news on non-cap weather property primarily in small commercial, but the other lines CompGL, our specialty lines it's basically earn rate driving the improvement.
Doug Elliot: A few pieces to that question. I'd start by saying that the competitor environment as, into quarter 3 into 4 not a lot different than what we saw earlier part of the year. So I think a fairly consistent competitive environment. The comment about the 22 extension towards the end of the year, I think is a fair comment that we see based on the filings that are moving through state regulatory bodies now, do think we're looking towards the end of '22 to see a turn towards that positive sign that people have been expecting now for a couple of years.  I will remind you that our performance in these lines across our businesses, particularly small, excellent, so our workers comp performance continues to perform. And then relative to trends, yes, the long-term trend of frequency, favorable variances, we expect long-term to continue. We had a little bit of a period that will be unlike any other period prior because of pandemic. And yes, medical inflation has been rather tame the last couple of years, but our long-term expectations have not come off, right, which are in that five plus range for medical inflation, we see that long - term and we've not adjusted our fix because of that expectation.
Doug Elliot: Gary, I agree with you, right, so far. Looking at the core of our guaranteed cost non-specialty book, I would describe Q3 as very stable compared to earlier in the year and within our expectations, for the reasons you suggest. We look at property drivers and the weather. We think about the inflation risk, supply chain. I mentioned them in my script. I think that those types of factors will be further drivers to make sure that we, as underwriters, are covering our cost of a risk. And so that would be my commentary around the core-guaranteed cost, non-specialty book.  And then in the Specialty area, where we've seen rather dramatic changes in the pricing, the last couple of  dramatic in the sense of positive. Yes, there's been some moderation, but I think as correlating to improve price adequacy in those books of business in those particular lines. So I think in total, not major surprises, but I do think these threat factors are relative to particularly whether in the property area and supply chain and others will keep prices where they are. We see a steady as you go for a period of time now.
Doug Elliot: I'd start with Global RE, it's really a niche segment for us. It's a small group of very seasoned thoughtful underwriters selective in their portfolio matching. This is a smaller quarter for them, so the 39 you have to put in context, but it's been a successful group. They have added to our risk expertise here within the place. And we're very pleased about their approach and their success. So I see them very much a part of our strategy, but a little bit separate from our primary focus on Global RE.  And then relative to international, our stated mission the first couple of years, was absolutely to regain our contribution to shareholder success, if you are right. We have had a very disappointing couple of years of performance internationally. Not unlike others in the  marketplace. And so we've worked hard at that and now feel much better about our financial performance. And as we look forward, we're exploring and debating amongst ourselves about how we grow that portfolio. So I'm bullish about the future.  Really pleased that we have the past behind us and I think we have a very solid platform to work from. And obviously it is a specialty platform. Not unlike most of our competitors in the Lloyd's marketplace, but we were talking across our product families about what we can do there. And I think an area that we'll talk more to you about over time.
Doug Elliot: Well, I would start by answering your question saying, we have spent a lot of time with our pricing approach state-by-state as we've launched these new products, and probably slightly different answers, bi-state based on where we are and what we see as the opportunities in the given states. So I would not jump to the fact that we see and expect lower loss ratios in the new than we do in our current book. We have a very solid season book that continues to season out. And over time, that has been and will continue to be a significant contributor to our earnings, but we're excited about what we can do with this new product platform. It is much more contemporary; it’s got features as underwriters we like a lot.  And obviously I've talked to you about what we're doing with the auto space, with our Telematics program. So, as I think about the new launch of prevail in time that will continue to be a key driver of our profits. That will be increasing as we roll through the rest of the country in 2022 with rollouts. At the moment, it's rather immature and we're watching the early stage and so I think it's too early to call, but excited about early progress.
Doug Elliot: Mike, that's fair. I would say that we are satisfied with our financial return in that business. Very solid rate adequacies. basically strong across-the-board. But we're not immune from the risks in supply chain and used auto prices, etc., that the industry is facing. So we are active on the pricing front. We are working state-by-state across the country. We have more flexibility as Chris enumerated relative to prevail. But even in our current product construct, I would say it's an active product area upstairs working. What we think are the supply chain issues that we're going to be facing into 2022 as we work through that here. So yes, active on the actuarial front.
Doug Elliot: I can't give you all of our secret sauce away. That would be a good day for other people listening, but I will share this with you. We have a very sophisticated shares of pricing modules across our markets. I think we work -- workers compensation and think about strategy and think about segmentation in deep geographic cells, industry cells, etc. So what we do down in the valves of our business, really strong fundamentals relative to workers
Doug Elliot: compensation. I will share with you and, you know this well that the trends have been rather moderate over the past 5 to 6 years, right? So understanding that, as we talked before, medical severity has been pretty moderate these last 3 to 5 years. Generally, the long-term frequency numbers are in good shape, but our performance has, I would say, exceeded those tailwinds. And when I think about our execution on the frontlines and the combination of our data science, data analytics inside this Company, the use of third-party data. There's just a lot of competitors strength that we think drive our success in workers' comp. And I think those are here for the long term and getting better every quarter.
Doug Elliot: So Tracy, let me start our -- when we think about current actual year picks and maybe just refer you to the supplement because we've got a year-to-date in the supplement. Our numbers underlying on the loss side are really strong. So if you look at nine months of '21 versus nine months of '20, I think they're very healthy and that really does guide back to the thoughts of Beth has shared a bit ago about stronger in pricing as a result of written pricing in 2020 and 2021. So we're encouraged.  The other thing that we have not talked about on the call this morning. There's still a number of actions we're taking relative to segmentation and industry focus, across our businesses that are contributing to that number. So I know in our mill and large commercial book Moore Tucker and his team have a number of initiatives that are also drivers of improving performance. So, a lot is of happening in the core underwriting, but some of those drivers are, in addition to what I would describe, very positive pricing trends.
Doug Elliot: I would agree with that, Chris and maybe just as a closure, in two weeks when we're together on Investor Day, one of the initiatives of that day is to take you inside and to give you a sense of how different our competing engine is today than it was five years ago. And there are a lot of things we've done organically, which we will highlight on the 16th. And there are things that we've been able to do with the addition of some more product on the Specialty side. So it's hard, I know we go quarter-to-quarter with you folks. We're going to attempt to spend some time in the 16th to look back, and give you a sense of why our optimism is as strong as it is, with our Company going forward.
Doug Elliot: Yeah. So the executive date is going to be hard to predict, but let me just start with where we were 15 months ago. One of the things we did not do, was to tinker with our new business pricing in the second quarter of 2020. So when we return money to customers, we did that based on kind of an in-force rate of return and did not change our appetite or our pricing a new going forward. I think that has provided a much more stable, profitable base that is not changed but we obviously, because of driving habits changing radically in the second quarter of 2020, we return money is appropriately given that.  But I'd start with the premise that our book remains intact and feeling very healthy about it. Second point I'd make is that to answer that question, you'd have to talk about and predict the supply chain dynamic. And that is very difficult to do, right? So we suggested, we think some of the Kingston supply, the pressures we're feeling, the labor dynamic, unemployment, etc. are all feeding into this. We think those trends will continue in to '22. I hope they will ease as we get into the middle part of '22, but that is an ongoing component.  And then lastly, really is a state-by-state dynamics. So it's so hard for me to suggest, we look across our states, some states that we're filing in the next 30 days or some states we have filed in the last 100 days that we won't be filing for another 3, 6 months. So it is a very active process and we do think supply chain will ease a bit, but we don't think that will happen in the short-term, so we expect to kind of live on through the current conditions as we see them and as we move into the latter half of '22, we'll get to a better spot.
Doug Elliot: I believe we can, Andrew. We've I think demonstrated that consistently during the year as we have been recovering from COVID. So I think the opportunity, particularly as more people come back into full-time employment or part-time employment, with a little wage inflation that's occurring in most industries. I think that sets up well and as I was trying to say in my commentary that the environment for Group Benefits broadly defined is very healthy. Our highest growing product line is our voluntary product set that we've built over the last five years.  So we are really pleased with all the critical illness hospital SAP products that we have at our disposal now. So that is a deep growth area. And then I would just give you one last point, Andrew. I think people's attitudes, meaning employees attitude to benefits has changed. I think they're more focused on it, given what we're living through. I think they're more thoughtful about thinking about risk and protection they need for themselves or their families. So I think there's a broad awakening of benefit type products and voluntary products that is occurring across America.
Doug Elliot: Jimmy, so I'd start by saying that the overall performance line is pretty solid. And that would be my place to start. Secondly, you now have a COVID year entering its way into most dates its three-year experience period. So actually year 20 is now becoming part of the experience period and actually year 20 has a period of time relative to frequency where people were home and frequency rates were very favorable. So with that entry into the experience period, we're going to see some downward pressure on pricing.  That is why the later in '22 toward the end of the year into '23, we're going to feel those headwinds in workers comp, and I think others have talked about it, but it's just where the market is right now and why I'm so pleased that our performance continues to be strong. And we will make sure that we're working for labors that we have here to be thoughtful about our underwriting and risk taking throughout '22.
Doug Elliot: We're certainly watching that carefully or watching frequency because just as you described, sometimes when you see a pickup in the economy, you'll have less experienced workers on the job that may lead to injuries and injuries obviously are a driver in worker's compensation. So as I reflected both in the second quarter and third quarter are frequencies are in healthy shape, but it is a high watch item for us. And if we see something we will, we will share that with you and deal with that in our numbers. But right now, fairly quiet.
Doug Elliot: Jimmy, the non - COVID mortality has been very bouncy over the last 6 quarters. So I don't see a trend per se just given what we've seen in the data. I think the anecdotal view is during COVID, particularly the early days, there might have been lack of people seeing their health care providers for routine healthcare, whether it be annual physicals, normal checks and screenings. We have seen, particularly in this quarter, when we're with that elevated non - COVID mortality, little bit more heart stroke cancer causes of death that seem to indicate maybe a second order effect with COVID and people not taking care of themselves. But beyond that, it's been very bouncy. That's all I'll say, so I don't think it's trend able at this point.
Doug Elliot: I think about small commercial year-over-year in the quarter. I mentioned we had a pretty good non-cat quarter, weather quarter, so. We have some good news in loss ratio there and then yes to your question on workers comp our experience has been favorable there. We're slightly outperforming our expectations around pricing in small. So that's against our -- where we thought we would be through the third quarter. Obviously, that's in the books right now. But in general I still feel good about our calls.  We've not come off our severity calls, our indemnity calls, and encouraged by what we see in the performance of the line. So I don't think there's a major story there, but it's just another really solid performance by our small commercial Company.
Chris Swift: And again, Doug described it well. I will just add. Again, remember part of the inherent strategy there is to serve AARP members in the 50's, particularly in the 50- to 65-year-old. So our base plans, our base rates in the various states that we do expect a broader population set to underwrite. But again, given the flexibility we have with 6 months policies, no lifetime continuity agreements, meaning they're not guaranteed renewable. Is it does give us I think added flexibility, to experiment in various class -- various states.
Chris Swift: It's direct right AARP dedicated. I mean, you've seen our agency business, it's very small compared to where it was years ago, but this is our direct inter-consumer channel.
Chris Swift: Doug again, I know we talked about it internally. I would just add, Mike, our ability to interface with our agents and brokers in a just a more efficient way these days, given our digital capabilities that we've built. I think does provide a competitive advantage for agents or other forms of distributions to interact with us on an easier basis with great data fast turnaround time. So the competitive advantage that Doug talked about from the analytical side, I think is equally matched with our go-to-market digital capabilities.
Chris Swift: I would add just to Tracy 's comment. There's nothing fundamentally that's changed in our philosophy of how we'd like to be thoughtful, predictable, consistent with loss picks, with anything related to our business. So Tracy, I mean, we have a great deal of pride in being very consistent and predictable. So that's the only color I would add. Yeah.
Chris Swift: Andrew, thanks for the question. Yeah. We've -- I think been pretty consistent of late that -- it's just a low priority, principally because I think our portfolio of capabilities, products, is robust and we want to mature that, grow at organically and focus on the activities more from an organic mindset as opposed to M&A. So I just consistently shared with you and others it’s just a low priority, and that's why, again, where we feel inappropriate to make a repurchase commitment through the end of '22 with that $500 million increase.
Chris Swift: Happy to take your question, David. It's important to get you and Tom some answers. So let me just give you a context on sort of mortality here. How we approach it is, obviously, we have a great deal of data and history in this area that sort of complete our lag studies to make an estimate of sort of incurred but not reported debts during the quarter. Obviously, with the COVID happening, we've overlaid CDC data into our analysis to obviously see their trends both on a COVID and non - COVID factor.  So that's the blending of those two came up in essence with our conclusion for this quarter. At the end of the quarter, I would share with you, July was fairly developed, meaning you could have a higher degree of confidence on the ultimate’s that we see in July. A little less so in August and September is the freshest month and that's the one that's the most challenged to sort of predict the future. When you put it all together, though, for the quarter of the incurred losses that we have, 53% of it is still held in IBNR.
Chris Swift: So if that's the data point you are looking for, I think the other point that you referenced is I would share with you the more desks and under 65-year-old is really driving up our severity. And if you look at severity on a 9-month basis this year compared to 9-month basis last year. Our severity is there up 49%, which tells us, again, younger age cohorts, higher insured value, active lives at work. When we look at sort of regions, in the region that sort of stands out for us is the Southeast. Yeah. They are experiencing the most elevated from historical expectation side. So as you say, the fourth quarter.  Actually it's got some data out there, there's a lot of data out there. I would just share with you and all my years in the life business. It's been most difficult to get our arms around a model that really effectively predicts this. Some models are high, some are low. You've seen our experienced even this year where first quarter we were significantly overestimated on our IBNR. So I'm going to refrain from making any predictions both on frequency and severity because there's a wide range of outcomes. What I would share though is that we do have some FD friendly events coming up in December and we'll provide our analysts and investors a view of where we see fourth quarter mortality going.  You might even ask, what about 22? '22 is even harder to predict. So when we're back together in February, we'll give you our best thinking, but as we sit here today, I think these next two quarters could still have some lingering quota effects that will emerge in everyone's numbers.
