Susan Spivak: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on third quarter 2023 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings related material on our website.  For the call today, our participants are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer; Jonathan Bennett, Group Benefits; Stephanie Bush, Small Commercial and Personal Lines; and Mo Tooker, Middle & Large Commercial and Global Specialty. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today include non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris. 
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Operator, we will now take our first question.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Abby. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with additional questions, if we didn't get to your question. I am available this afternoon and look forward to speaking with you then. Have a great day.
Mo Tooker: Yeah, Brian, I would say that just to reiterate, we feel really good about the year-to-date growth of the 12% on new. But as you see in the quarters, can be lumpy. And maybe a little bit of context there. We equip our underwriters with tools by product, by specialty area and then they are in the market executing on those. And sometimes, in some quarters we do -- and especially periodically see months where the market is just going further than we would go.  So I feel like our underwriters made really good decisions in the quarter and you especially see those months at the beginning of the quarter when the market really heats up a little bit periodically. But broadly, I think the underwriting team did a nice job. And right now, these months are more of an exception, but we're watching that closely.
Mo Tooker: Yeah, Elyse, I would just say that July was the month we felt it the most. And then it was on the larger end. I won't get into specific areas. I'll just the larger account segment is really where we felt the most competition during the month.
Mo Tooker: Yeah. We just continue to build a talent base. We're attracting people just based on how we're going about going after property. The tool set continues to improve. And we're talking retail and wholesale here. We continue to see an opportunity, rates generally hanging in there. Terms and conditions are hanging in their deductibles are improving. So I think broadly, we feel really optimistic about our ability to continue to chase the market.
Mo Tooker: Yeah. No, I would say that the reinsurance market feels fairly stable, fairly predictable. So I think that's getting priced in ahead of renewal dates. I would say, second, the rate environment is still pretty conducive. We think it's constructive and we think that will continue.  And then third, again, I talked before about we have months periodically where we just think the market is competitive. It just is lumpy that way. And oddly right now, October is feeling really good. And so just things bounce around a little bit, and that's just -- we're going to be really disciplined about it, but we're looking to grow in a really responsible fashion.
Chris Swift: Yeah. Happy to sort of comment on that, but there's a -- not going to be anything new I'm going to share with you. I think again in the context that our workers' comp is a highly profitable line of business. We haven't made any changes in frequency or medical assumptions since we set them at the beginning of this year. So things are actually running almost exactly as we predicted.  Medical severity, as we've talked about it, what we price for and collect and put up on the balance sheet is 5%. Actually, what's emerging for the first nine months is slightly less than that in the 2% to 3% range. I would say though that if I look at trends last year, nine months, this year, nine months, medical severity is probably up a little bit, say, a point. But I don't think there's any trend to call out other than just sort of maybe normal volatility.  We watch all our components of price, whether it be hospital stays, whether it be physicians, whether it pharmaceuticals. And generally, things are behaving as we expect. So I don't know what to tell you other than it's steady as she goes from our perspective as we sit here today. I think the impact on the longer term is still to play out. But as we've talked about before, Brian, I mean, our claims team is world-class. We have fee schedules in place, networks in place that sort of provide a buffer. And if long-term, things continue to be elevated, the reaction function within our system, I think, will allow us to raise prices and deal with it appropriately.  So I don't think we're going to get surprised in any way, shape or form on medical severity running away from us.
Chris Swift: Yeah. Clearly, we've got a lot of capabilities embedded in claims, embedded in our Engineering Group, so yes. And again, being the second largest rider, you would expect us to have those capabilities.
Chris Swift: Mike, thanks for the question. As I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we're trending towards $2.5 billion of commercial property premium across our businesses, which would be about a 25% increase from prior year. And we feel very good about how we're executing both from a growth and pricing side.  I'll give you just a couple of numbers for the third quarter here. In our Spectrum property component. Our growth was 13%, and pricing 11.5%, up. In our general property in Middle Market, growth was 13% and pricing was up 12.9%. Large property grew 16% with pricing up 16% also. So I think, in total, we're executing very well. We grew property 12% this quarter with pricing up 14%.  And as I said before, I mean, this isn't a CAT strategy. I mean, we'll obviously take on a little CAT, but we're looking at other perils, particularly the fire, to build a national book of more property exposure. And I think we're getting paid for that incremental volatility from quarter-to-quarter. I would say the story line this quarter, particularly with non-CAT commercial property losses were, in total, at expectations and about a point better than prior year with elevated losses in small commercial, offset by lower losses expected in Middle & Large. So I think our strategy as well.  And Mo, I don't know if you would add anything as far as the execution or any color from the marketplace, please.
Chris Swift: Alex, I hate to disappoint you but we're not going to talk about next year at this point. We'll talk about next year once we finish this year and what we see. But you're right, I mean, there is going to be continued pressure coming from pricing. But I think the setup is going to be very similar to this year.  As much as there's pricing pressure, frequencies will, I believe, continue to improve. We'll pick our same medical severity most likely in that 5% range but knowing that it's performing better. We've been able to out-execute on our rate plan this year, which is providing a modest benefit. So there's always the opportunities to outperform a rate plan in spite of what the NCC is putting out.  And again, you still put all the math and the mechanics together, it's still going to be a profitable line of business for us in the industry. And I think it's very manageable from our point of view, at least heading into 2024.
Chris Swift: I think you got it right. We've said about our franchise, we're becoming more consistent, more predictable in all our businesses, whether it be Property & Casualty, whether it be group benefits. Personal Lines is going through a tough slog, but we do see a return to profitability in 2025 there. So yeah, the range is the range. We've added the word consistently to that range. It's not a limit. We'll try to overachieve and outperform that. But I think that is -- that 15 is particularly a good anchor point, plus or minus. And we're going to always try hard to outperform and do our very best.  We are sensitive just to a little bit of rate fatigue that may or may not be happening in the marketplace with customers and agents and brokers. I think we've educated people well enough over the years, Alex, at least from our perspective, on the components of loss cost trends and why we need to continue to be disciplined with rate, whether it be commercial auto, whether it be property, whether it be GL, with all the factors that have been discussed by many over a long period of time. So I think that still puts the industry in a conducive place, particularly as we head into 2024 with particularly a rising yield environment and investment returns coming through the portfolio.  So yeah, you put it all together, and I still think that's a good range, but it's not a limit for us to try to outperform.
Chris Swift: Tracy, I would add some commentary and then ask Stephanie. But my commentary is going to be more on commercial just so you have that. It's somewhat unique in Personal Lines auto, home. Home, we talk about the rate that we're achieving both includes pure rate and ITV, which we think works in tandem. But I think we disclosed -- I know I talked about it in my prepared remarks, ex comp, our renewal written pricing was 8% in the quarter, up four tenth.  And I would say the component of exposure that acts like rate there, yes, I think you could think of it as basically 2.5 points, 2.6 points to be precise for one third exposure and then two third sort of net rate.  That's on commercial. And I would ask Stephanie to explain to you the auto.
Chris Swift: I mean, we price for a reversion. Obviously, we hope it's somewhat different given just the economic conditions. But I don't know when the realized reversion to the mean will actually happen, but we got to be prepared for it.
Chris Swift: I'm going to disappoint you. I don't have those numbers in front of me and I'm not going to try to guess. So we'll just work through Susan to get you that number if that's important to you.
Beth Costello: Yeah, Elyse, it's Beth. Nothing in particular I'd call out. A couple of large losses that we saw on umbrella and one large national account that's spread over several years. So again, as you pointed out, relatively small impact in the quarter and nothing that's indicative of a new trend or anything like that.
Beth Costello: Yeah. So I'll take that, and this is Beth. In Personal Lines and if we break it out between auto and home, in auto we'd expect fourth quarter to be higher than what we've seen year-to-date and probably in that sort of 6 to 8 point range. Where it comes out will really be impacted by just where loss trend goes.  On the other hand, home, typically, fourth quarter is more favorable than the year-to-date usually by 5 to 6 points. And we'd be expecting that again this quarter.
Beth Costello: Yeah. So I'll start. So first of all, in Q3, as we said in our remarks, we did not make any adjustments to prior accident years for the auto line, for auto liability or auto physical damage. If you -- I'll remind you, if you go back to the first half of the year, in the first quarter, we did record about $20 million related to physical damage for the 2022 year. And also, in the first quarter and second quarter, we increased our estimates for auto liability for the 2022 year, but those were offset by releases for years '21 and prior. So that's why that development on a net basis is not showing up in that table.  So we were experiencing some of the same trends that others were seeing. We reacted to them. As I said, we are very pleased that in the third quarter, our loss picks for prior accident years as well as the first half of the year did remain unchanged.  And the last thing that I'll just point out on that, because I know some have looked at sort of our year-over-year results in auto. And I'll just remind you that because we have booked prior year development for the '22 year in '23, when you look at that third quarter reported underlying loss ratio for auto, it would probably be about 4 to 5 points higher reflecting some of that PYD we've seen. So hopefully, that helps some people who are looking at sort of that year-over-year comparison in the underlying auto ratio.
Beth Costello: Yeah. I mean, as it relates to the quarter, as I said, with a very small amount of relative increases. I think if you go back and look at over the last several quarters, you've seen us take some increases in GL lines. And I'd say a lot of that has been in those years that you are indicating. And we take that experience into consideration as we think about our loss picks and pricing for those lines going forward. So I don't really have much more color to add to that, Yaron, unless there's something else specific you were looking at.
Beth Costello: Yeah. I mean, there can be some back and forth. I wouldn't call out anything significant on that. I mean, on our more current years, especially on lines like GL, we do tend to hold our loss picks longer. We definitely through several quarters had seen some improvement that we recognized on the 2020 year. But again, nothing that significant that I would call out.
Stephanie Bush: Yeah. I think you framed it well from the Spectrum perspective, is that we experienced some volatility. But as you referenced, we've taken rate not just recently, over many years, to stay at or ahead of loss trend for the property portion of our above [ph] product.  And as Chris stated, it's double digits in terms of what we accomplished in the third quarter, which is higher than our longer-term property trends. And I will remind everybody that we did have our 13th quarter in a row with an underlying combined in the under 90%. From an E&S perspective, E&S binding, which continues to be a growing and profitable portion of our book of business, strong risk selection, achievement of 30 points of property rate in the quarter and growing. So all in, really proud of how -- the team's execution.
Stephanie Bush: No, I think you framed it really well, Chris. When you think about really where our focus, Josh, is, it's responding to the loss trend environment. You see that materializing in our rate actions. We're also deploying our Prevail products, 39 states and market as of today. About 50% of our new written premium is on the Prevail product but that is a very small portion of our in force. So just to go back to underscore, Chris' comment on the overall in-force, and share of that does have the lifetime continuation endorsement and then the preponderance of our in-force book being 12-month policies takes time for that rate to earn in. But wholly focused on bringing this book back to profitability.
Stephanie Bush: Yeah, absolutely. What I would share with you is that on the in-force book, you see the written rate. The rate has to earn in. But as we've shared in previous calls, we also look at new business rate adequacy. So when -- what is the rate level of new business? And we expect, based on all of our actions that more than half of our states by this year, by year-end, will be new business rate adequate. And that makes up about 65% of our new business volume. And so again, that gives us a degree of confidence in terms of continuing to market to drive in new.  So you have to think about new business being rate adequate given all of our rate actions. And then on the in-force, that book is going to earn in that rate overtime.
Stephanie Bush: Hi, Tracy. I think about personal auto is largely the rate, and I appreciate your comments. Really, our results that we were able to realize, and from a rate perspective, is largely driven by the loss results are evident and they're fully supportable in our filings. We have strong relationships with the regulators and then it was just truly outstanding execution by the team.  But if I take you over to homeowners, how Chris described it that is a combination of both rate and then what we're seeing in terms of the inflationary factors. And you bring those two together, and that gave us the 14.1.
Jonathan Bennett: That is a terrific overview, Chris. So a lot of agreement with all of that. I think, Greg, you asked a bit about some of the economic drivers, and that often gets ascribed to the LTD line linked with employment levels. Obviously, right now, unemployment at very low levels. Certainly, that is contributing, we think, to some of the performance of the business. The outlook right now around unemployment, not something that we see as being a real negative drag into the future. Even if levels were to increase, there's always a bit of a delay between when we see that and if there is going to be any effect on LTD. But even that effect, we would say, is pretty loose in terms of its linkage. It's not a hard connection. And we think that even if unemployment levels were to increase moderately, we're probably still operating at attractive levels. So things seem to be in good shape on the LTD side. Your other point about in the third quarter, as Chris outlined, solid net investment income, pleased with that result. The mortality is probably one of the more notable things for us. We've had sequential improvement over the last four quarters, that's been terrific on mortality. But this quarter, we got down to a level that we think of as being more in line with endemic state post pandemic. And so we're pleased to see that. We'll watch that one again in the fourth quarter, but that bodes well for the business moving forward. And then on the disability side LTD, again, incidence levels pretty attractive at this moment and our claims team is doing a phenomenal job around recovery. So we think our expertise there is really coming through. One of the things about The Hartford is we understand medical management whether that's comp or LTD, and we think that comes through in our execution on both sides of the organization. So really pleased with that outcome. Where that trends in the future, I think we'll continue to monitor and obviously adapt ourselves quickly as necessary, but we're pretty pleased with the performance of the business year-to-date.
Jonathan Bennett: I would agree with that, Chris. I think that's the outlook that we bring to the market. We can talk about when we look forward into 2024, we find the market to be competitive all the time. I don't feel as though there's any particular change in the nature of competition in the market. And for us, a fair portion of our book is upmarket, larger accounts, and there's credibility in the data often by account there. And so we're looking at those trends on an account-specific basis and have been doing that, continue to do that. That's the way we compete in the marketplace. And so I think that we factor all of this insight into those selections.  So I don't think there's any particular change. And if the underlying question is, is this a moment of drop pricing and to grow aggressively? That's not the outlook The Hartford brings really in any of its lines of business. So the discipline is there. It remains there. And our efforts are to continue to grow the book profitably and to make sure that we take care of our clients in a world-class fashion.
Jonathan Bennett: Yeah. I think that's a fair summary, Chris. And our pricing methodology includes a multiyear view of trend. And I think in that, Chris, as we're thinking about it, we see that incidence levels are likely to be increasing overtime. But I think that horizon is always something that we're working on and debating here ourselves and thinking about the right way to position ourselves in the market from a pricing standpoint.
