Doug Elliot: So on the Foremost piece, Jay, mid-17s would include some shock loss from our normal run rate retention in small. So we’re anticipating that. We won’t -- we’ll not run as strong as we run our normal retention, very excited about that. And as we talk about early third quarter just so you're all aware, we're quoting 90 days out in advance. So we're actually right now in market quoting July actively, but the premium won’t hit the books for a couple months. On the Maxum side, very strategic opportunity for us. We didn't have E&S talent in this organization, we didn't have relationships on the distribution side. And we clearly wanted to challenge ourselves with a product breadth opportunity in the small commercial and middle market arena. So just getting started many of you know that we now have expanded our product capability in small, including an E&S opportunity on our ICON quoting platform very excited about the early days but we’ll be talking more about it over time. I think it bodes well and it has a bigger opportunity for us to be a broader deeper player in small commercial over time.
Doug Elliot: A few things start with very pleased with the way the first quarter pricing trends ended. So Brian, a bit disappointed in our January performance on pricing, made some adjustments, looked at our book harder and feel really good about progress we made in February and March. And I expect that progress to continue into the second quarter. Secondly, I would always ask you to continue to think about small commercial versus middle over our other markets, so different dynamics, different pricing issues across those and different mixes for us in those areas. And then obviously there is a workers’ comp versus the non-workers’ comp. So we’re pleased with our February-March pricing and see some lift in property, GL, continued in auto and I expect that to continue. I expect that to continue over the next three quarters, particularly as I shared in my script, in middle market we need right net book. Our non-specialty middle book needs more rate and we intend to go after and chase it and do the right things. Relative to comp, our numbers across our markets but especially in small commercial and workers comp, are very good, very good. And they are also very good across industry in general. So this is leading to the pressure on your rates. It’s leading to experience factors for insurers that are looking more favorable. And because of that, I think we have a more competitive marketplace. The other thing just in closing we are watching loss trends very carefully, and they have been consistently in a very good spot for an extended period with workers comp. Little bit of frequency uptick back to more zero range in last couple quarters. And clearly, there are inflationary pressures around that we are watching medical carefully. So when I put them together, yes, I think there are some things that probably will cause some compression in workers’ comp line. But relative to where we are, I feel like we are working our leverage being thoughtful about our territories and doing everything we can to understand the dynamics of the line and make good choices going forward.
Doug Elliot: Super sales quarter for us, and I would first comment that both the Hartford and Aetna had very strong sales quarter. So on a standalone basis would have had a terrific start to the year, but also Aetna likewise, particularly in the phase of what they're going through last year, had a good sales quarter. So you put the two together and we really start 2018 strong. Secondly, our pipeline has never been stronger. So we are active in working on proposals now. Obviously, there is a lot of activity around the latter half of ’18 effective and ’19 deal date. So Chris and I participate in many of them but our team upstairs is fully engaged; number one, on the sales side and new sales; and secondly, I think there was a piece of the end of your question about retention. So we're also working on our renewal strategy. And we were out in market with several renewal quotes on our 1119 national account jumbo deals as well. So we feel very good about it. I will be with the team in Colorado in a few weeks at EBLF engaging locally, I love what our sales and support teams are doing. We have lot of work in front of us but we feel really good about the last hundred days of progress.
Doug Elliot: There was a word at the end of one of my sentences in the script that I want to make sure, I highlight here. We’re very pleased with our growing momentum in voluntary products. So we've worked hard to build out our voluntary suite and in 1119 had terrific success. And if you look in our stuff, you can you look at the other sales growth below disability and Group Lines, and see a little bit of that momentum. Now, it’s small so we’re just starting against $5 plus billion base, it's not something that is going to be huge any time soon. But the interest in that product, our ability to launch and service, the generation of new demand, we’re very excited about. And I think it will be an opportunity across both books of business, including Aetna’s.
Doug Elliot: Our non-cat weather pretty consistent with prior trend, so we didn’t have the same dynamic maybe others as spoken to, but there was clearly a lot of weather in the month of March and we looked across our footprint, we feel good about our cat calls but nothing that I would call out extraordinary right now.
Doug Elliot: Largely it’s a mix issue, Meyer, because our national account book is in that segment. The duration on our liabilities on our workers’ comp excess product are in the 12 to 15 category. So that book is going to tend to run at very different combined rations than our normal middle and small. So it’s all about mix. Our national account book is performing well, strong ROEs. I just think you have to keep in mind what's in the segment very different than the other markets.
Doug Elliot: Again, when we think about it and look at it, we think in terms of gross, because then we think of our own reinsurance strategies and appetite, Jay.
Beth Bombara: So when we think about cost and again stranded cost, we think about as costs that were allocated to Talcott overhead cost and obviously would not go with the transaction. And on an annualized basis, we see that in the $35 million to $40 million range, and that’s pretty even across the quarters. And our expectation is over the next 12 months to 18 months, we’ll see those costs reduce. Again, we will be providing some transition services to Talcott over that period as well and being reimbursed for some of those costs as they continue to use some of our infrastructure. So we’ll have a slight offset to that but it’s in that range.
Beth Bombara: And I think Doug the only thing I’d add to that is you always start with the fact that overall we see workers compensation as a very profitable line for us. So even with some of that pressure, we’re still very comfortable writing business in that line and growing in comp.
Beth Bombara: I’ll take the first question and then I’ll leave the second question for Chris. But yes, the language that is in our 10-Q was an intentional change. And as Chris said, share repurchases can be an effective use of excess capital, sustain the fact that we do not have an authorization in place today, does lead open the possibility that we could have on authorization in place at some point in 2018.
Beth Bombara: Jay, couple of things, when you look at holding company resources I think end of the quarter and we’ve got about billion on resources there. I’ll remind you we are planning on paying down $500 million of hybrids in June. We then have the net proceeds that will come in from the Talcott sale, which is about $1.7 billion as I said in my remarks, and that’s in the short term. Again, when we did the acquisition of Aetna last year, we had talked about the fact that we expected lower dividends this year from our operating subsidiaries, so no dividends from the group business. So, really as we go into 2019, we'd expect to see dividends increasing again both from P&C and from Hartford Life & Accident, which is the group business. And then the other things you keep in mind is that we will be generating cash flows at the holding company as it relates to monetizing our tax assets. And we'll start to see some of that in ’19 as we get refunds our AMT credits and then utilize those NOLs. So those are the sources that I think about over time if that’s helpful.
Beth Bombara: So as it relates to our target as a holding company, we typically look to 1 to 1.5 times interest and dividend requirements. But we also want to maintain flexibility, so as we have in the past, we’ve used our excess capital ratably over a period. So those are parameters that we think about. But again, as Chris said, we do want to make sure that we maintain a strong balance sheet and any capital that we would deploy, we would look at doing that over a period of time.
Beth Bombara: As we said before as we think about our comp book and the long tailed nature of that, we’re very thoughtful about some of the trends that we build into reserves, specifically around severity and medical cost severity. So we have seen, over the last few years, very favorable trend there but we really think about it more for the long-term. And so as we evaluate our reserves each quarter, we look at how things are developing and take action accordingly. But we’re not prepared to take down our long-term view of those trends or those factors that affect the reserves.
Chris Swift: We are feeling good about the progress we’re making in personal lines auto. And yes, you see the impact of some of our leaning and on the marketing side, because our expense ratios are up in the quarter. So our loss improvement is greater than the aggregate, the sum total of the change in the line of auto. So feeling very good about that, still more work to be done, and we think we will improve our close ratios over the latter half of the year as our pricing moderates, because our rate adequacies are getting better and better by the month. So we finished 2017 with roughly two-thirds of our book in a very solid position relative to rate adequacy. And as we move to the next four quarters, we’ll complete that journey and are going to feel very good. So you’ll see more moderate rated rates in our pricing profile with Personal Lines auto and as such, I expect our new business levels to grow accordingly.
Chris Swift: I hope we have enough time to talk through it. But what I would share with you is as I said in my commentary, capital management is important you know our priorities as far as organic growth, M&A and then returning the deployable capital to shareholders. But as it relates to M&A, I would share with you couple of themes that we've talked about in the past. We tend to think in terms of more bolt-on activities or extensions into adjacent markets. We talked about premium levels in the billion dollars, maybe even up to $2 billion of premium that a target we would have. We have a good team. We have models that watch market activity. So I can tell you as we sit here today, we don't think about using stock in a transaction, because generally a lot of the things that we think about that could be actionable at some point in time in the future are probably less than the $4 billion range. So that tends to be our sweet spot. And as I said, we're patient about exploring opportunities. We’re thoughtful about exploring opportunities. There is a lot of things that we see that -- just the numbers don't work the math can't work based on expectations of value. So all I could tell you is that we’ll continue to be thoughtful and disciplined about deploying capital to create shareholder value.
Chris Swift: Elyse, as we shared last quarter, we largely see tax reform working its way through the P&L in ’18. But over time we and others I'm sure are adjusting inside our pricing models for the new tax rates. And as such, as we go through filings, we’ll appropriately make sure that we have the right tax rates in our filings as well. I look at the last three to four years of comp experience and I think of how favorable, basically the aggregate environment, has been for comp as a line. And I think that's the real fuel driving this loss cost trend that is dropping through these filings. So we have worked and continue to work hard on our claim confidences, our underwriting profile, understanding our segments, et cetera. But I wouldn’t sit here today and suggest to you that there isn’t downward pressure on pricing and workers comp, there is. I would say to you that when I think about it relative to our markets, we have a bit more flexibility at the risk level in middle. And so based on the characteristics of the risk, there is a bit more underwriter judgment involved. Clearly, our small commercial world is a bit more spot-rated. So there are a number of competing dynamics across, but the line in total had a good first quarter for us. We’re watching our trends. But it wouldn’t surprise me if there is some compression in the line over the next latter half for the year into '19.
Chris Swift: I would say again here, as we sit here today, we are focusing on the bolt-on category. I can’t predict what may or may not develop in the future. So as long as there is understanding about the strategic and the financial hurdles and discipline that we have with our shareholders, if we flex up in size in any way just know that we’ll continue to have high bars for performance, high bars for our alignment on strategy. I can't for shadow a scenario right now where we would do something in that major transformational area. It’s just there is not that much that's actionable.
Chris Swift: Randy, just a simple fact is again we have 20 million customers in the book of business now. So what we’ve talked about and as Doug referred to what we've been building patiently voluntary products additional A&H products, other services that we can bring to that product set, including lease management on a more integrated basis. All of that has been on our vision and we're really beginning to execute to it that I think will really accelerate our growth and our profitability.
Chris Swift: Jay, I would decouple some things in terms that there's no bright line or date on the calendar to say, these are what we're trying to make decisions on. Some of it obviously as it relates to M&A is the fluidity of the marketplace and the dynamics there. We want to be able to react to opportunities that make strategic and financial sense. But we also realized that we’re not going to be able to and should not hold excess capital forever. So I think what Beth was describing is that we are going to build a healthy position of deployable capital. We’ll continue to be aware of marketplace opportunities. But at some point in time, we would have to begin a return program in the form of either increase dividends or buybacks.
Chris Swift: Yaron, I don't feel that. I feel two factors relative to the core of your question. One is that we've been rather aggressive on our auto re-pricing and re-underwriting. And so our auto retentions are down significantly and that's definitely causing a bit of a drag on our overall top line and small. And then the second thing is that although we’re positive on the pricing side for comp, we’re slightly positive. And so we’re not getting any significant lift on a good segment of our small commercial book and our comp pricing. So all in, I am more focused around the auto book that we’ve taken action that we think we needed to take to correct that. I see the progress in our loss ratios that’s why we're continuing to post terrific numbers there. I don’t feel a lot difference in the marketplace yet.
Chris Swift: Both disability books, Yaron, and our exhibiting solid behavior. So we feel good on both disability sides.
Chris Swift: I don’t think so. I mean, think in terms of strategies first and alignment of businesses you want to be, and then the finance and the math has to work, but the pre and post tax reform, we wouldn’t have had a different view.
Chris Swift: And we have made some slight adjustments, Beth, but we’ve reacted candidly more to the frequency side over the last couple of years, because we now feel like we’ve got a pretty solid look at those last couple of action years, particularly '15 and '16. So Amit, thanks for the question.
