Richard Costello: Thank you, Tierra. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday and the slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee; and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift, will provide prepared remarks this morning, and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Doug Elliot, President of Commercial Markets; Andy Pinkes, who served as President of Commercial Markets through last month; Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer, Liz Zlatkus, Chief Risk Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to Slide 2 of the presentation. Please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2011, our 2010 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date. Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the first quarter of 2011 and in the press release we issued yesterday, both of which can be found on The Hartford's website. Now I will hand the call over to The Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Richard Costello: This is Rick Costello. We don't want to run too long given that we've got another industry call beginning at the top of the hour. So I'd ask that we take one more question and then we'll conclude.
Richard Costello: Thank you. And if there are no further questions at this time, it is 10:06. This concludes The Hartford's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Thank you so much, all, for your participation and we do look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Andrew Pinkes: It's Andy Pinkes. Let me start with Group Benefits. As you noted, it is a competitive environment in the benefits space right now and we are being rigorous with regard to our approach to pricing, managing our portfolio's profitability in total. As we've talked about in the past, really, price for us is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. We really use our pricing and scoring models to segment our book and really look at our book across the portfolio, to look at where we really need price and where can we give up price in terms of how we behave in the market. So it's not a one price, one increase across the portfolio. So we're being very disciplined in that approach. We're being competitive, but it's no doubt, competitive out there. You saw our sales come off about 18% in the first quarter. We are willing to walk away from newer renewal business that does not meet our expectations. That said, we're taking it one month, one quarter at a time. We're confident that we're making sound pricing decisions and we're going to continue to be thoughtful in our approach. I think as you know as well, really, only a portion of the book, really renews annually since our pricing actions were initiated in the middle of 2010, those rate increases are going to earn in over the contract periods, which in some cases will be multiple years. Turning to the P&C...
Andrew Pinkes: In our guidance, we are keeping our guidance. We believe that as the economy improves and as price earns in, we will continue to see some improvement. And over time, we'll see that ratio come down.
Andrew Pinkes: Yes. I think, quite honestly, it is so segmented, that to give a number would not be useful. The reality is we're taking a segment that encroach across our book. So on the P&C point, what I would say to there is that, we are, first, very strong execution by our team in that market. Lots of focus on profitability and price in keeping with our market. I think in terms of what we're seeing, we've had a consistent track record of using, again, our pricing and scoring capability in the Small Commercial space to continue to appropriately take price in that market. The Middle Market space is certainly a more challenged space and has, what I can say, gone positive really for the first time in some time in terms of price. And so we're very encouraged by that. In some of the specialty businesses, there continues to be challenge and still some negative pricing there. But that's a transactional business, it's a lumpier business. But we're continuing to compete there and feel good about that business.
Andrew Pinkes: Chris, Andy Pinkes. Let me start with prior year development. So, really, the way I think about that is our reserve position remains strong. I think as you know, our carried reserves continue to be greater than our actuarial indications. We have a very robust reserve process and our reserving actuaries are reviewing the P&C Commercial reserves, monthly and quarterly, using the most current claim data and taking actions where appropriate. So really that's the baseline I would say that we head into any particular period with. That said, there's no doubt the last couple of quarters and as you noted this quarter, have had smaller releases. I would say that the pace of it all, of those prior year releases, will really be determined throughout the year as a result of that reserving process as we move forward. And yes, we are in the midst of our ground-up annual asbestos review. That's a second quarter operation. And so we're in the middle of it and we'll report out to you at the end of the second quarter.
Christopher Swift: Yes, exactly, Andrew. I mean, we still have the 200% overall goal, and all we've done is adjusted the starting point. So 200% remains the same. We have 100% to go roughly.
Christopher Swift: Ed, thanks for the question. I would say what we put on that slide is a combination of statutory and other non-statutory income related items. If you look at purely a blue book and see statutory net income, you'll see something higher in the $400 million to $500 million range, offset then by things that don't go through, income on the statutory blanks. So I wouldn't say the $100 million is an appropriate run rate for statutory net income for the Life company.
Christopher Swift: I would be happy to try to help you. But I think it's also important to say that we don't, really, our current tentative plan is not to take any money out of the Life company this year. I mean, we continue to build capital and surplus and we feel good about that. We don't have that much dividend-able capacity. I think we've disclosed in our 10-Q. So whatever the normalized, I'll call it, operating income, and I would put it roughly around $600 million to $800 million of, I'll call it, blue book statutory income. But just know the dividend limitations we have there.
Christopher Swift: It's just really the unrealized hedge impacts, mark-to-market that go through the direct charge to surplus as opposed to P&L. And just to be clear, I think I said $600 million to $800 million of normal Life company statutory earnings, that's down from prior years, primarily due to Group Benefits business, that's still in Life's legal entity, having lower statutory surplus generation.
Christopher Swift: Mark, it's Chris. Happy to try to respond. Yes, I would say that we have a good framework, a good strategy, a good, I'll call it, definition of what we're trying to accomplish from a number of different points of view. But at least, which is unimportant is sort of the deductible or the amount of risk that we still want to retain versus what we're going to ship off to the market. So what I -- we just can't share with you right now, because we just don't physically know, just as we build positions, what's the impact on, completely on statutory surplus and capital and DAC. Obviously, from baking those into the EGP streams. I think one point of clarification, I would like to point out to you, all these hedging instruments will be in U.S. legal entities, not on the Japan illegal entities. I think you and I have talked with others that we have about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion of statutory capital in Japan, that's sort of unaffected by this. So all the hedging instruments, at least initially, will be put into the U.S. legal entities. And then over time, we might build out a more direct hedging program in Japan, too. But I think we'll know more as we build the positions here during the second and third quarter and we'll keep you posted on the impacts on statutory and GAAP.
Christopher Swift: John, I think I understand what you're trying to calculate. I think the simple answer is it just really depends, right? I think it would be unfair to put out any sort of with and without type of calculations right now, because there's a lot of moving parts in our balance sheet that we just need to go through, with some accounting changes that we'll have to implement. So it's really just very imprecise to even do it with and without calculations. I just prefer not to speculate at this time.
Christopher Swift: What I would just characterize, the incremental cost, directionally, and Liz Zlatkus is here too and she can give you more details of the final warrants on the program. But I think what we're targeting is, you think in terms of about 1/3 more protection that we'll build over a period of time here. As we build it, and again, depending on the form, the nature, price levels, we will incrementally include those in our EGP streams going forward. So I would say that the programs' cost, at least from our normal core earnings reflection will be reflected in EGPs over a longer period of time. The mark-to-market and positions will still be below the line, consistent with our current practice and I think, John, you see all the pieces and then you could put it together and make your own determination.
Christopher Swift: Tom, it's Chris. I would say precisely. Again, we've always said we're balancing the economics. We're running the plays on the economic basis that will balance GAAP capital, statutory implications, and that's exactly the design that Liz and the team have come up with based on our framework.
Christopher Swift: Great point. And like as Liam said, we're early in those discussions and those are important dialogues that will begin to happen.
Christopher Swift: I would just point you to -- it's a little lower this quarter just because net income is a little lower. Nothing's really changed from an, I'll call it, an actual calculation side or the amount of preference items we have, Tom. So think in terms of 22% to 24% effective tax rate going forward.
Christopher Swift: Two, we could go on to a lot of detail offline on this, but I'd like you to think about, remember, it's Japan risk that is seated into the U.S. entity. So we have some basis risk there. It's not all of it. It's not all the income that's coming into the U.S. It's really the application of AG43 and VA CARVM and all that. There's a lot of technicalities that will create some initial, I'll call it, capital consumption that you'll have to assume and consume when we put in these positions, and then there is just volatility in how you run your AG43 models here going forward. Remember, we have an onshore program. We don't see this as offshore captives and we have actual surplus in our White River Re entities, back all these programs. So our U.S. program is just subject to a little bit more volatility the way we approach it.
Andy Napoli: Hi, this is Andy. Yes, we feel really good about our progress here. I think, when you go from a Q4, fourth quarter to first quarter comparison, we have to note upfront that there's a significant amount of seasonality. The fourth quarter tends to be much higher than any other quarter in the year. So probably the more relevant comparison point is from Q1 of last year to Q1 here, where we observed a pretty significant improvement there of about 2.6 points. So, really, the big driver there was earned pricing, continue to earn its way into the book as expected and we expect that to continue. Bodily injuries severity was less than expected, offset a little bit by increasing physical damage frequency, particularly in glass and towing. One might expect gas price increases to put some degree of downward pressure on frequency, but we'll see how that plays out.
Andy Napoli: Jimmy, yes, I mean, for auto, we expect baseline frequency will increase as the economy improves and miles driven increases. But I think what we have going for us is a pretty significant mix shift to a more preferred mix of business will largely offset that impact. In terms of severity, we expect that to increase moderately in '11, maybe a little bit below the long-term historical average. So you blend that together into a loss cost pic, we expect loss cost for us to be somewhat flat for the year.
Andy Napoli: This is Andy. Good question. As the year progresses, especially in auto, we expect our recent price increases to moderate. And homeowners, I think, there's going to be continued upward pressure on homeowners pricing. But auto is obviously a big driver here. As the pricing moderates throughout the year, we expect new business growth to turn positive in the second half of the year and retention to start increasing moderately by the end of the year.
Liam McGee: Well, Chris, this is Liam. As it relates to Dodd-Frank, I think, generally the outcome so far, understanding and acknowledging there's a lot more to be done and to be defined, have been generally constructive for the industry. There's more to go and I'm not sure we can make a definitive statement until we kind of get through the entire process.
Liam McGee: Well, a couple of general comments, Jimmy. Thanks for the question first. The 11% target, if you will, is really, was always meant to be an indication that this management team is very serious about managing a capital and using our capital as efficiently as possible. Secondly, we're very intent upon getting the relationship between our average cost of capital and our returns in the right position. Today, they're not. And so we took the first action, the dividend as you know last quarter. As we suggested then, Jimmy, we will now begin or have begun to consider a variety of potential actions. As you recall, last quarter I talked about, it could be for the dividend actions, it could be share or warrant repurchases, it could be risk mitigation and it could be a variety of other things. All I would say at this point in time is that we are in conversations and beginning some conversation with other constituencies around a variety of things we may consider. I'm not really prepared to give you a timing right now, but I can -- rest assure, as we make those decisions we will let the market know immediately.
Liam McGee: John, thanks for the question. Let's take a couple of steps back away. As I said to Jimmy, this team is very focused on managing and utilizing our capital as efficiently as possible. That's what the 11% target is all about, as well as lowering our average cost of capital and getting ROEs to exceed them. If you recall, the 11% target, if you will, is really for the tail end of 2012 to be at that rate. So we do have some time to get there. I'll reiterate what I said, and I think Chris has said consistently as well, is that it is -- it is through a combination of both the high single-digit earnings that we're targeting, which includes that efficiency improvement that Chris just discussed, and we're very confident we will achieve, as well as we believe we will have a variety of levers to pull either individually or collectively around capital management. So as we make those decisions and as I made clear in my remarks and we've been consistent on this, we're considering all those things. We're in conversations or beginning conversations with some constituencies around potential actions, and we'll let the market know that. Chris, I'll turn it to you in terms of John's other questions about the calculation.
Liam McGee: That's a great point and that's what we've alluded to and foreshadowed in our prepared remarks, is that given that the liabilities for Japan aren't mark-to-market, we have the one-sided mark gains or losses on the asset side that would be flowing through the, I'll call it, the U.S. books on statutory GAAP basis flowing through consolidated. So you're right, but that's just the nature of the accounting model, Darin.
Liam McGee: Tom, I would also just add, again, with the discussions we have with Liz. Remember, the most important part of the exposure period is until annuitization also. So that a lot of the design in the hedging instruments x interest rates, which is a longer-term matter, is really FX and equity in the short term prior to people's election on annuitization is the primary focus of the program, also.
