Liam E. McGee: Thanks for the question. As we said, and I think Chris's comments were pretty complete in addition to the slide, there are significant challenges to making a split possible. We're not unaware of some of the potential benefits if it was possible in terms of greater focus, but it's, in our view, the challenges are fairly significant at the present time.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Jay, let's go back to -- thanks again for the follow-up. Let's go back to our December investor conference, and as you recall, in my remarks, I did break the company down into a portfolio businesses, I think, at a fairly granular fashion, then I made comments on each of the businesses in terms of, first of all, where it stood relative to its current returns and our growth, or profit maximization, strategies. And as you recall, in the top right quadrant, there were a number of businesses that have actually very current attractive returns, and we're trying to grow those because we can do so profitably. And then some of them, in the middle to bottom left, that have below optimal returns today, and we're really working hard to maximize the profitability. Since we met with you in December, I would say this team is working on that very thoroughly, very rigorously, and we have a sense of urgency about doing that. Because first of all, we're not -- we don't believe the current stock price reflects the value of the company. We're evaluating these businesses individually by their ROE, their capital generation and their future capital requirements or capital consumption, their risk profile and their growth potential. And what I'll say is we're being objective, rigorous and thorough about the types of actions that might enable us to achieve the goal of increasing shareholder value, and I think we'll keep you informed as we make those decisions.
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, Chris, for the question. I think I commented pretty extensively in the prior question about the process we're going through. I'd add a couple of other things. First of all, in this environment, this management team is very focused on managing the levers that we can control. I think the progress we've made on making the company more efficient in '11 and will continue to do so in '12 and '13 are appropriate and necessary in view of the current low interest rate environment and the market volatility. The balance sheet is much stronger today, starting with the investment portfolio. The progress that we've made there over the last 2 years, number one. Secondly, the transparency we gave you in October around our balance sheet. Japan, our overall VA book, our ability to withstand stress scenarios. I think our risk management, enterprise risk management, is much stronger and enables us to manage the company better. And we are seeing benefits as a result of our 3 customer-aligned businesses. Just to reiterate, the management team does not believe that the current share price reflects the value of the company. I think we've -- to your point Chris, we've heard that from shareholders, and we've heard it from some other observers, and I think that's why we're communicating very clearly that we are -- we will be objective and pragmatic about the types of actions that may best enable our goal -- to achieve our goal of realizing greater value for shareholders.
Liam E. McGee: Well said, Chris and I think it's not only from a flexibility perspective, John, but also just a carrying cost perspective on some of the components of our debt that you're well aware of. So I think the management team is very focused. We're proud of the strengthening we've done on the balance sheet in the first couple of years, but your question is a very appropriate one that Chris and I and the management team are factoring in, things like share repurchase, potential warrant repurchases, etc.
Liam E. McGee: So Randy, you can see that Dave is managing this business very closely, and I think that reflects the fact that we need to see meaningful, profitable sales progress in the near future, and I think he's doing all the right things to make that happen.
Liam E. McGee: I think you completely misinterpreted the nature of our discussion. So again, I don't think we said that. We did not say that. I think we commented very specifically and very precisely on questions that we've been asked by shareholders about a potential tax resplit of the P&C company. I think to your -- thank you for recognizing our candor. And I would just go back to what I've said a couple of times, which is as we -- and I, more specifically, went through and then the business leaders went in greater detail, we are managing our company as a portfolio of businesses. We intend to maximize the value of each of those businesses because we do not believe our share price accurately reflects the value of the company and of the enterprise and that we're evaluating strategy and business portfolio for opportunities as a result of that philosophy to deliver greater value for shareholders, and we'll be objective and pragmatic and thorough and rigorous about the best ways to achieve this goal. I just want to be sure that you heard me correctly.
Liam E. McGee: Thanks, John, for the question. First of all, the analysis and the intent of the comments was to acknowledge that the challenges are significant, not to say that they could not be overcome. Second of all, our analysis, including the frictional costs, if you will, that are in the third category, would suggest that a split would not create the kind of shareholder value that, that particular report suggested. And third, in addition, I think the -- your sense of urgency about realizing greater value for shareholders is shared by me and by this team. And so I hope I answered your questions succinctly and correctly.
Liam E. McGee: Thank you, John. And I -- that is our mindset. Our purpose in the slide was to identify the hurdles. You can -- if you heard our language, we did not say they were not surmountable, number one. We said there were significant costs to surmount them in a number of areas, so we felt we owed shareholders that disclosure. Number two, we do not believe that splitting them in the current environment for the reasons that we cited will create shareholder value. And third, again I'll reiterate, we have an incredible sense of urgency on looking at all ideas to create a shareholder value.
Christopher John Swift: No, I think that's well said, particularly on the businesses. I think the only other point on allocating 1/3 of the debt to the holding company. Chris, I think you remember that we believe statutory earnings and capital generation, particularly in the near-term '12, is limited. So allocating almost 2/3 of the holding company debt is probably even aggressive on the surface. But Liam, I think your points are good as far as the impacts of other business if those decisions are taken.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, John, it's Chris. Thanks for the question, and -- the debt restructuring is a priority for us. I think given how we've defined deployable capital in the past, roughly about $500 million, we've targeted the share buyback as a higher priority, the most accretive to shareholders. But the debt restructuring and its associated impact on earnings and leverage is high on the list, and it's something that we think about very aggressively.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, John, it's Chris again. I'd say thanks for noticing the decent recovery in VA. I would also just point out that as we closed out year end, particularly in the life insurance business, so we updated our cash flow testing analysis, and that created a little bit of a headwind for us. But when you put it all together, we wouldn't estimate that our main company is -- RBC is between $415 million and $420 million. Our capital at White River Re is well in excess of $125-basis-point target, and we have approximately $400 million of actual tangible surplus there. In Champlain, we did make a capital contribution to Champlain. $80 million of that was funded by the Life company. So we sent a dividend up to the holding company of $80 million contributed back to Champlain with another $20 million of holding company resources. So Champlain is above our targets and it actually has $265 million of stated surplus, and then you saw the $1.3 billion of surplus in Japan. If you put it all together, we actually feel pretty good about our statutory resources in the various entities.
Christopher John Swift: Mark, it's Chris, thanks. I would say to just this context, the U.S. equity markets were up nicely. I mean, but the other markets where we are participate in with our Japanese annuity blocks, I would say, were mixed to down. I mean, if you look at interest rates, if you look at Europe, if you look at Japan, the Nikkei was substantially down. So I think the positive impacts on VA carbon reserves in the Life book were offset by the net negatives around the world. That said, I think you're really trying to -- and we've talked about it before, is measured sort of the inflection point of where things start to turn positive from a capital generation side. And I'll just go back to our comments that we do see substantial capital generation in '13 and beyond, obviously, as market levels improve. I don't think there's a precise number I'd give you, but when you're north of 13,070 and approaching those types of levels, I mean, it really does take a lot of pressure off the VA CARVM reserves. As you know, we've talked about somewhat -- those being on a lag. But there's not a precise thing. It's just, I'll call it, continued healing, but there's also, I would say, a lot of continued pressure in the low interest rate environment also. So you could have a medium impact of just looking at one equity market index, and you really got to consider all our indices that go into liability calculation.
Christopher John Swift: Andrew, it's Chris. Thanks for the comments. I think your comments are right. Again, we finished fourth quarter in decent shape, particularly at the Life company. I would say one point of clarification that we planned to take out $800 million of dividends out of the P&C company, but we do expect the P&C company to generate slightly more in statutory earnings and that the Life group, we're still calling, right now, for flat to slightly down. But a lot of that is path dependence on markets, hedging performance. But directionally, it's still -- I'd like you to take away, it's still a constrained model for 2012. So as we said and as Liam said and I said, we are going to complete the program in early second quarter. At that time, we will evaluate, call it, our deployable capital levels, our capital needs for different initiatives and then determine our future actions and communicate them at that point in time. But as we've said, we see capital and surplus increasing in 2013 at the Life company, so that gives us hope and optimism that we will continue to have flexibility in '13 and beyond, particularly.
Christopher John Swift: Possibly. Again, Hard to predict. We'd like to finish what we started, do the evaluation, compare, obviously, a lot of different options for our deployable capital and then come up with the best solution at that time.
David N. Levenson: So Mark, this is Dave Levenson. Thanks for the question. So as it relates to the new product filing, which is what you're referring to, we are always looking to make improvements in products as part of the normal course of business. So what you saw was clearly a filing for the Annuity business, but as we're in a quiet period with the SEC, I really don't want to comment too much as it relates to the details. Our absolute focus right now is really on growing the business with the product portfolio that we have today. As it relates to your question around profitability and risk, I would say we pay very close attention to this, as you heard Liam say in his comments, with a focus on profitability. The ROE and the product we have today is what I would say, on a fully hedged basis, very close to the cost of capital at scale. And from a risk perspective, we're -- we think the product that we sell today is more than acceptable. So 3 things to add to that. First, we hedged the product fully; second, the NAR of the business that we put on the books is less than 1% of our total sales; and third, the personal protection portfolios, which is a core part of the product, had a volatility last year that was about 1/3 of the level of the S&P. So the issue for us is really a scale issue.
David N. Levenson: Randy, it's Dave again. Thanks for the question. So we recognize that the $258 million that we did in the quarter does not get us to our guidance. I'd say that said, we really only had a competitive product in the marketplace for the last 6 months. So we've been essentially out of the market since 2009 and back in since June. The PDF fund, which again is the secret sauce underlying the product, it's very innovative and, frankly, it needed some proof of concept, which I think took a little bit longer than we expected. But with 6 months behind our belt, I feel very good about where that is right now. As it relates to the fourth quarter specifically, as was mentioned earlier in the remarks, 2008 was the first time that we saw our sequential increase in sales, and when you start looking inter-quarter, our story gets a little bit more interesting where December was the best month we had in the year and was up 45% over October. So let me address your question about 2012 and whether or not I still feel like we can achieve it. The answer is yes. Clearly, as Liam mentioned, the market is rationalizing, competitors are raising fees, they're reducing benefits, they're getting out of the business. We think this is all good for us. Our biggest distributor in Wealth Management, added the product just recently, it was the end of October. We are in very good discussions right now to add the product to shelves at 2 of the top 20 firms. The only top 2 -- the only 2 of the 20 firms in the industry that don't carry this product today. We changed our national sales manager in September, and we have much greater discipline, focus and accountability. And as importantly, we're attracting some of the top wholesalers from many of our competitors. But with that backdrop, I think the punchline is that we really know what we have to do with respect to showing sales and sales momentum, and the management team is confident and committed to getting there.
David N. Levenson: So Randy, the FIA product that we launched in '11 was really a table sticks product. It's really going to be the offering that we bring out in the summertime that we think is very innovative combined with WealthVest, which as you know, is our third-party focused distributor on this. So I would say it will contribute, but if it -- it will contribute, but it will be more in the second half of the year where it contributes.
Douglas G. Elliot: It is not. This is Doug Elliot. It is not impacting our retentions across other lines. It is impacting some of the workers' comp retentions. But at the moment, we are more than pleased with the trade-off we're seeing in that book of business and very encouraged as we finish the year with really strong pricing momentum across those workers' compensation line. Very pleased about the last 3 months. And as Chris noted, incremental progress between October to November to December as we head off into 2012.
Douglas G. Elliot: Andrew, this is Doug. We talked about that at the December 8 day in quite some detail, and those discussions continue as we close 2011 and head into 2012. So we had quite a bit of success, greater than $125 million of sales working across our group and P&C space in 2011. We have challenging goals for '12. As I travel -- and 2 weeks ago, I was in Orlando. I spent several hours in the morning with our comp and group people together to talk about issues, to make sure that we're firing on all cylinders and we're looking for opportunities in the marketplace. So absolutely, on a day-to-day basis, those opportunities continue to be chased, and we're looking for more to leverage the breadth of product that we have here at The Hartford.
Douglas G. Elliot: The dynamics of the sales process themselves is much more related to our need for margin improvement in group than our margin improvement needs across Middle Market. So when I think about top line, given the scale of those businesses, we're clearly driving rate change at those 2 businesses. As you looked at the bubble chart that Liam took you through in December, we have several businesses that need significant rate, and we are doing everything we can on a day-to-day basis to get that done. And that's more driver relative to top line than this other dynamic.
