Richard Costello: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for The Hartford's fourth quarter 2010 conference call. The earnings release and financial supplement were issued yesterday, and the slide presentation for today's call is available on the company's website. Chief Executive Officer, Liam McGee and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Swift will provide prepared remarks this morning, and we will finish with Q&A. Also participating on today's call are Dave Levenson, President of Wealth Management; Andy Napoli, President of Consumer Markets; Andy Pinkes, Acting Head of Commercial Markets; Greg McGreevey, Chief Investment Officer; and Alan Kreczko, General Counsel. Turning to Slide 2 of the presentation, please note that we will make certain statements during the call that should be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements about The Hartford's future results of operations. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. Investors should consider the important risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ, including those discussed in our press release issued yesterday, our 2010 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our 2009 annual report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update this presentation, which speaks as of today's date.  Today's discussion of The Hartford's financial performance also includes financial measures that are not derived from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Information regarding these non-GAAP and other financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, is provided in the Investor Financial Supplement for the fourth quarter of 2010 and in the press release we issued yesterday, both of which can be found on The Hartford's website. Now I will hand the call over to the Hartford's Chairman, President and CEO, Liam McGee.
Richard Costello: Thank you, Chris. Before we begin the Q&A session, I would ask callers to limit themselves to two questions. Operator, you may now open the call to questions.
Richard Costello: Thank you. Operator, this concludes the call. We appreciate all of your participation, and we look forward to seeing all of you soon. That concludes the call.
Liam McGee: Jimmy, this is Liam, I'll take the first question, and then I'll ask Dave Levenson to take the question on the variable annuity new product. Jimmy, first of all, we think that the dividend doubling is a significant milestone for The Hartford and an important first step, as I said in my prepared remarks. I'd also say the context for us looking at any capital management activities is really prudent balance sheet management and prudent capital management action. We're obviously just having implemented the dividend increase. We're in the very early stages of our thinking about prospective next steps. I gave you a fairly complete list of things we might consider, but quite frankly, it's too early for us to kind of get into next steps.
Liam McGee: As I said, Jimmy, we're in the very early stages of our thinking, and I think I gave you a sense that both management and the board will continue to evaluate that. And I gave you a sense of the prospective actions we might consider. I really am not prepared to say any more at this time.
Liam McGee: I'm going to pass it off to Chris here in a second to give you a little detail on what we may be thinking about. But I do want to bring the context that, that was just a list of possible things we would consider, not necessarily anything we have decided. And I'd reiterate what I said in my response to Jimmy's question that we are -- having made the dividend decision, we're in the very early stages of our thinking about prospective next steps. So with that context, I'll turn it over to Chris to comment a little bit more specifically, if he wants.
Liam McGee: Darin, this is Liam. I would just add a little bit to what Chris said. We feel more confident today about hitting the 200 basis point efficiency improvement by the end of 2012 than we did when we announced that target in April of last year. I totally agree with Chris' description that we're just in timing differences in the fourth quarter. But we've got a lot of great work going on, and you'll see the fruits of that in our run rate toward the latter part of '12.
Liam McGee: Our core business owners policy is the core and heart of that franchise, and we are seeing rate increases there -- that is clearly what's driving rate for us both today and we see it going into next year, as well.
Liam McGee: Let me give you a little context on the 2010 accident year. Really, our 2010 plan included, in hindsight, a more aggressive Middle Market pricing than the market would bear. We were a little ahead of our skis on that one. And so to be clear it's really about pricing, and loss costs have remained relatively benign. We've not seen any unfavorable claim emergence there. So that's really what's going on with the current accident year.
Liam McGee: Larry, the only comment I'd add is that's why we feel so good about the small-business franchise we have. It has very unique, very competitive capabilities, which enable us, as Andy suggested, to get rate when others who are more focused on Middle Market in that market quite simply can't.
David Levenson: Jimmy, this is Dave Levenson. On the annuity question, I would say that we're in the middle of our regulatory filings. So I can't really provide a lot of comments as far as what that product will look like. I will tell you that we are on track for a second quarter launch. So as far as when this product will start contributing, it should start contributing to our sales in the second half of 2011. And as we said multiple times, this is just one of several products that we will have in our lineup as we kind of construct a portfolio of rational products by 2012.
David Levenson: Just given where the demographics are and what our research tells us, this product will be complementary to our PRM product, which we are still going to sell. It's just going to go after a different segment. So I think the fact that it's going to be complementary going after a different segment makes us feel good that we can achieve the sales levels that we have talked about in the past.
David Levenson: This is Dave Levenson. We are always looking at alternative ways that we can distribute product. But I would say that PRM, at least for the short term, is going to be sold through our traditional distribution. And remember, one of the things that we said in the past is this product actually shows well when interest rates are much higher. So in that type of economic scenario, I'd expect that our PRM sales will be significantly higher.
David Levenson: It's Dave Levenson again. I would say this is really a function of our dynamic lapse modeling. And as we've seen the market snap up a little bit, actually quite a lot in the fourth quarter, we have seen an uptick in the lapses. So that's really what's causing it.
David Levenson: So as we see the market essentially move up, there's more people that tend to surrender their policies.
Christopher Swift: I think the point of clarity is that the equity in protection, I think in terms of $50 million pretax per quarter in '11 and that the FX portion, given that we moved a substantial portion of it to futures, I didn't really give you a cost. But there is, I'll call it, data out there that we provided in the Q, sort of the percentage move for market activities. I think you might be able to calculate that on yourself for each percentage yen move.
Christopher Swift: I don't think you're missing anything. I mean we would sort of expect it to be fairly correlated. I think the only, I'll call it, economic thing that we've talked about in the past is you might have some differences on interest rates, but generally, things are fairly well correlated right now.
Christopher Swift: Yes, I would say the captive. As I said in my comments is that, at 180, that's above our targets of 125.
Christopher Swift: Particularly, I think I heard the question on related to de-risking. I think what we would say, Mark, is that to de-risk, to continue some of our actions will require a certain outlay of capital and earnings over a period of time. So when we speak about having the earnings and capital to do that, it's just a function of how much and when are we going to start to significantly de-risk.
Christopher Swift: Darin, this is Chris. I would just say it's just fourth quarter seasonality. Again, the data we see, there isn't anything unusual except for the year-end accruals and true-ups. So I think we should still feel very confident that we'll achieve that 200 basis point improvement.
Christopher Swift: Sure. We have good and active conversations with the rating agencies throughout the year. I think as Liam really context the capital management actions, we're early in our thinking. So there really hasn't been any substantive discussions about our specific facts and potential actions. And we'll approach that when it is necessary with them. And we also said that we did consult with them on the dividend and, obviously, we took the actions we did.
Christopher Swift: Yes. We call it our macro equity protection that we put into place and extended in April through the end of 2011.
Christopher Swift: I think it's a good important point. There is economic cost to this, we know that. And again sort of the risk return profile in the short term as we continue to work on our larger, as I said, dynamic solution. We just view this was the most effective at this point in time. But we do know, there is economic cost as markets move around and maybe economic benefits if there's more yen strength.
Christopher Swift: Randy, it's Chris. I don't think there is a tipping point and sort of go-or-no-go point. We've continued to obviously account for and put up reserves and capital associated with the business. So there's not a tipping point in my mind.
Christopher Swift: That is the options-based program. Again, to be sort of complete, we still have some futures-based equity protection of roughly $1.6 billion notional that we put on during this year. And obviously, we have our futures positioned for FX. So you put them all together, and I know you're listening to Tom's question, we will continue this on a short-term basis. We know the economics are there. And we still feel comfortable with this short-term approach.
Christopher Swift: I think you said it well. John, the only thing I'd add is we can talk about your numbers and tweak them a little bit at the margin, but we do know there is a significant amount of capital to manage here. And as Liam mentioned, we're at the early stages of that. And we're going to be very, very thoughtful and prudent about it.
Andy Napoli: This is Andy Napoli talking. Before I address that, I'd like to provide some context around what's brought us to this point consistent with the April strategy. We are deliberately and very intentionally narrowing our focus in Consumer Markets in a way to deliver consistent profitable growth. We'd have to take some pretty tough actions. We've imposed significant underwriting restrictions in agency and taken rate where needed to get on top of loss trends. And when you go in into that, that our top line would be sort of impacted by that. So all difficult things to do but necessary. So from a profitability perspective, 2010, we talked about the written rate earning in throughout 2011. And we view that as the single most, the largest driver of hitting our profit target. To add to that, the profitability will also benefit from a fairly dramatic mixed shift to more preferred segments with lower frequency profiles. So that, coupled with the rate increases, gets us to our profit target.
Andy Napoli: AARP is certainly core, right, so that's $3 billion right there. And then with an agency, the way we talk about it is 80% of our business that we're writing today is hitting that segment. So still some cleaning up to do there. [ph] (01:01:51)
Andy Napoli: Andrew, this is Andy Napoli with Consumer. So when you look at the rate increases that are implemented across the board and communicated by all the carriers and you start -- we decompose those, and so that's more of a consistent view of what's happening with price. Our conclusion is that we're more in line with our competitors than that. How these are implemented vary greatly from state to state, segment to segment. So I think we're more in line than you think.
Andy Napoli: I would not say it's double digits. And remember, it's not peanut butter. There's a rate that goes into our target, but then it's based on our renewal, how those particular pieces account by account are performing and what we need to achieve target rate. So we have a pretty disciplined approach there, and we are, frankly, enhancing our discipline as we operate in this challenging market.
Andy Napoli: That's right, that's right. Just to be clear, with regard to loss costs, they have remained within our expectations and have remained benign. And that we, in our plan, had more pricing than we had achieved.
Andy Napoli: We're hopeful that it's going to be more accommodating for sure. But the driver here for us is small business and our capabilities there. And we've got some very exciting products and capabilities that are just being launched and some more will be launched midyear. And so we have a good feeling about being able to achieve another point or so than we achieved last year.
Andy Napoli: There's optimism, but I would say it's still competitive out there. I think that it's still very tough sledding, particularly the more you go head up [ph] (01:23:32) market in the Middle Market space and north of that. It's still very competitive out there.
Andrew Pinkes: This is Andy Pinkes. Here’s really how I think about that. Really our reserve position overall remains very strong. Our carried reserves continue to be greater than our actuarial indications. Our carried reserves versus actuarial indications, if you look at our Ks ([ph] (01:02:45) or if you look at the IFS, have really remained very steady over the last several years. So we feel very good about that strength of our reserve position. And to also add to that, we have a very robust reserve review process, and so we've got actuary certainly in the reserving sectors, but also in our pricing and claim areas who are getting really quick and accurate current claim data and trend, so we can take appropriate action. So really that's our baseline in terms of how we think about it. And then as we go into the year, the pace, if at all, of prior-year reserve development will be determined as a result of our reserving process as we proceed through the year.
Andrew Pinkes: Andy Pinkes on Commercial. So the way I think about it is for standard commercial, we are plus-one for price. We frankly view there's some real strong execution by us in the market as we've been disciplined in our underwriting in our approach. In addition, there's no doubt that our Small Commercial business, which is an incredible franchise, has performed very well. We have very sophisticated pricing analytic tools there, which we use. And playing into that segment of the market has been very successful for us in terms of profitability as well as growth.
Andrew Pinkes: We've spent a lot of time, as you would imagine, unpacking what's going on with incidence. As we talked about in the third quarter, what we've seen has really not changed. It's pretty widespread. We view it as an industry phenomena. It's really not in any particular plan size or business or industry or geography or issue year. We're seeing it fairly widespread. So as you know, we are taking rate, but we're going to be smart about that. We have tools, and we'll look at our portfolio to make sure that we're putting in rate in the right places and meeting our expectations. And with regard to 2011, we have taken into consideration, as you look at our 2011 guidance what we experienced in 2010. So that gives you the basis. You can see that in our guidance.
