Susan Spivak: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast on second quarter 2024 earnings. Yesterday, we reported results and posted all the earnings-related materials on our website. Now I'd like to introduce our speakers. To start, we have Chris Swift, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Beth Costello, our Chief Financial Officer. After their prepared remarks, we will begin taking your questions. Also to assist us with your questions are several members of our management team. Just a few comments before Chris begins, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings. Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We now will take your questions. Operator, can you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Susan Spivak: Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, please reach out with any additional questions. Have a great day.
Chris Swift: Thank you for the question, Elyse. I would say in general, we're very pleased with our pricing as we quoted 6.6%, up 30 basis points, 9.5%, up to about 20 basis points, even with some moderating property pricing, which you could talk about, but property still remains double-digit, but it's moderating. So, that leaves obviously the liability lines, which again, I'm very proud of our team and their ability to execute and get the needed rate to keep up with, and in most cases, stay ahead of our loss cost trends. So, that's a very important mission guidance that we talk to the team about monthly and quarterly. And I'm looking at Mo, I don't know if you would add anything special, Mo, but your team is doing a great job getting the needed rate, given the environment.
Chris Swift: Andrew, thank you for joining us today. I would say our specialty business is quite diversified, but if I look at its biggest component, it's wholesale, E&S wholesale, which again uses the full range of our liability and property products. So, feel good about what we're doing there. Rates are strong. We've been increasing the rate that we're seeking on various aspects of that book particularly the liability books. So, again, new distribution relationships, we're expanding the wholesale distribution relationships. And as I said, it culminated in the first time ever going above $1 billion in rent premium. So, we feel really good about that. I'll make a comment on reinsurance and then ask Mo, if he wants to add anything. But our reinsurance business, I would say on a global basis is growing about 18%. I would say 45% of that global reinsurance business is about is property, which is growing at 24%. And then, our non-property casualty lines is growing at 12%. I think I've characterized this before, Andrew, this is going to be a run rate business for us of about $850 million this year. So, it's something that we're proud of. It's a niche. It's being very disciplined and taking advantage of dislocation in the marketplace and producing outstanding superior risk adjusted returns.
Chris Swift: Yes, Brian, it's Chris. I would say, first, what did they pass? They passed the law that sort of effective January 1 of 2025. So, it does have some applicability for the back book. So, we think that's relatively modest for us. But as you said, it's really physician services across a broad range of services that they're getting basically a pay increase and a pay rate. So, I don't think it really moves the needle on anything materially in Florida. What we then need to do is obviously work with the rating bureaus to make sure that these loss estimates are getting into their guidance and obviously then making the appropriate rate filings and getting paid for that. So, it's a little bit of a lag, but I wouldn't say it's going to change anything from an underwriting appetite or execution. We just need to sort of make sure it gets into filings that the bureaus approve into our pricing, and we'll be off to the races.
Chris Swift: No, I would say it's loss cost driven, impacted by the rate environment. So, when we said we're expecting some margin compression, our loss trends, which are generally consistent, are impacting, have the rate effect of pricing. So, when pricing continues to be sort of less than positive, and is not covering your cost of goods sold on an assumption basis, you're going to have some slight margin compression, and that's what we're feeling.
Chris Swift: Well, you're smart. You'll figure it out. But again, from the pure comp line, I would say it's steady.
Chris Swift: Now, again, those are very detailed conversations by product line. But I would characterize at least our views of where we're at and how we're executing. My view is I think we have appropriate and compelling loss trends baked into our picks going back five years. And our ability to execute on a rate side consistently and in those strong double digits, particularly in the liability lines, over an extended period of time puts us in a good place because I always comment every quarter that I think we're staying ahead of trend, loss trend, with our pricing. So, I'll look at Beth and/or Mo if they want to add anything additional.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think we said it pretty clearly, Yaron. I don't know what to say other than our 5% long-term medical inflation trend, or below that. We've said in the past that maybe medical trend is ticked up just a little bit from two-ish to maybe three-ish, which I think still applies. We never talked about frequency trends just because we don't. So, sorry to disappoint you, but I think we've given you enough.
Chris Swift: Yes, I would share with you, Peter. Obviously, it depends on your view of loss picks. But generally, property is going to have a lower loss ratio, combined ratio than comp given its long tail duration. So, that's just the obvious. If you mix more of that in the overall portfolio of underlying combined ratio particularly will go down. I think we've talked about it in the past that we are willing to grow in property principally because we've made so many investments that allow us to compete thoughtfully and earn good returns with good risk management tools, with a diversified portfolio that doesn't have outsized CAT to it. So, again, it's just not just because we want to grow. I mean, we have to have the capabilities to. And we have worked really, really hard and invested a lot of time and energy over the last five years to put ourselves in a position to compete today to earn good risk adjusted returns. So, I think that's an important component. I think the other component I'll just give you is, I think we're on track to come close to $3 billion of written premium this year, which would be up from $2 billion couple of years back and growing nicely in sort of that 20% range, I think I said in my prepared remarks. So, you put it all together, and we're competing well in an environment where there's a lot of disruption and a lot of complexity, but we're able to navigate it because of the investments and skills and talented people we have in the building today.
Morris Tooker: No, I would echo that, Chris. The only additional data point I would give you Elyse is that our excess and umbrella rates were up 160 basis points quarter-over-quarter, so second quarter over the first quarter. So, we continue to work really hard at getting enough rate into the book to respond to the trends that we're seeing. So, Elyse, I don't think the environment is going to let up. So, you should expect us to continue to be disciplined in risk selection and disciplined in pushing for rate in the book. And whether that's at an increasing or a consistent pace, I'm not going to quibble with you, but we're going to be disciplined.
Morris Tooker: Andrew, maybe I'll just add a little bit more on the wholesale in Global Specialty. I mean, I think overall, flow continues to be really strong in every product line. We continue to invest in the teams. The teams are executing really well. We are known for our construction casualty prowess. We are underweight in the other parts of wholesale and we're pushing into certainly property on a wider spread, marine. So, just know that we said there's more upside there.
Morris Tooker: Yes. What we typically comment upon if there's a question is, we call it the exposure that access rate. I would say, of the 9.5 is about 2.2% this quarter, fairly consistent with prior quarters.
Morris Tooker: Probably, I would just say we don't have a lot that we do in the shared and layered space. But in -- we have a little bit in our Middle and Large Commercial book of shared and layered and a little bit in our Wholesale Property and in Global Specialty. And that's the place we are seeing the most competition, where we rate a 100% in kind of middle market ratings, it's hanging in really well.
Morris Tooker: Yes, Peter, it's Mo. The national accounts business, which is really our large casualty business with deductibles, I think the quarter-over-quarter compares to the sequential quarter is a hard compare because the renewal date is really different. That business has chunky renewal dates. So, I would think the year-over-year quarter compares a better one. But overall, we feel incredibly good about the national accounts book. That is a disciplined underwriting process. The teams are doing well. We want to grow it. We did win some new business in the second quarter, but I think the best compare is the second quarter of last year.
Beth Costello: Yes, I would say it's really across our businesses. As we said, the fact that the authorization was increased from the previous authorization really is reflective of just the strong earnings generation. As you know dividends quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year can fluctuate a bit as we manage the various legal entities that we have. But we feel very good about the capital generation that we're seeing and we would expect to see our dividends reflect that.
Beth Costello: Yes. Well, I agree overall with your comments, Chris, as it relates specifically to the reserve increases that we took in commercial auto really related to a couple of accounts and feel really good that we've already taken action on those accounts. So, as you know, we look at our reserves in detail by sub line and where we think we see the need to make an adjustment, we will. But again, I'll echo Chris' comments. When we step back and look at it in total, we do feel very good about where we are.
Beth Costello: Yes, I agree with everything that you said, Chris. One thing that I would point out when you look at the sequential underlying combined ratio in auto is just keep in mind that first quarter is typically our lowest loss ratio quarter. And we typically see a couple of points every quarter as we go through the year. So, when you put that into the mix combined with what Chris said about the little maybe less than 1 point of expense increase because turning marketing on, I think that shows you that we are making progress relative to that trend. You just have to take in the seasonality into consideration.
Beth Costello: Yes, again, Chris, I agree with how you characterized it. And what I would say, Josh, is we take into consideration this is a long-tailed line. So, when we make our picks relative to loss trend, we take that into consideration. We obviously look at what's happening in the near term. But one of the areas I know we've talked about in the past is medical inflation. We still are holding that 5% trend in our reserves and our pricing. We've seen some, continue to see some frequency benefit, and we build some of that in as well. But we, our philosophy is we just need to be steady as we think about those loss trends. And then, obviously, we've been talking about what we're seeing on the rate side. So, that's why we're feeling a little bit of that compression. But we, again, understand this is a long-tailed line, and we want to be very thoughtful with our loss picks.
Beth Costello: Yes, I'll add a couple points. So, again, on the liability lines, as Chris has said, we feel very good about the loss trend that we've been building into our picks. And pricing has been above that, as well as the fact that we've been taking underwriting actions for a number of years, which also has the effect of sort of stabilizing those loss picks, so, all that feels very good. And then, the one area that we called out relative to performing slightly better than our expectations this quarter was in the non-cap property line, primarily in Small Commercial. And that line quarter-to-quarter, you can see some just normal volatility in that. But overall, I would say when you look at all of our loss picks and what we anticipated at the beginning of the year, things are in line with that.
