Liam McGee: Andrew, this is Liam. I'll have one answer to the first question and then Greg will take the second question.
Liam McGee: Jimmy, John is going to take the Group Benefits question since that business reported to him this past quarter.
Liam McGee: Well, at high level, Darin -- this is Liam. At a high level as we've talked about in our investor conference, we're well aware that we could conceivably have capital flexibility in the future. Obviously, we think 30 days after showing you our stress scenario, it's too early to anticipate that. And it's also too early, if it were to occur, to speculate on what actions we might take. We think today and particularly in view of what happened in the markets around Greece this week, that we have the appropriate amount of capital for any reasonable stress scenario. If the scenarios you describe occur, obviously, we're running the firm to maximize shareholder value. We'll evaluate our options at that time.
Liam McGee: This is Liam, and then John may certainly have some detail. I think it's important to emphasize two things. First of all, because it's a new product and a new concept, it has taken longer than we expected to get it approved in states and with the large distributors, as John indicated. However, to your point of relevance and out of sight, out of mind, as John can elaborate, the distributors themselves are very excited about the product. It's a different concept. And it reminds you that we said, we are aiming to generate about $5 billion in annuity sales by the year 2012. We're going to run our Annuity business against those three principles that we've been consistent in communicating. We want it to be a lower-cost product for the customer. We want it to be a simpler product, and we want it to be focused on guaranteed income. So because it's different in concept, it is taking longer. But that should not take from the fact that the distributors are actually quite excited about it. So a slower startup, but I actually think it will be quite relevant.
Liam McGee: Well, Scott, as you know, it's not just a Hartford issue, it's an industry issue, number one. Number two, that is a work in flux and in change, and there's just not enough specificity for us to even speculate on that. Now I can assure you that our teammates are engaged and involved with that process, but I think it's too early to tell.
Liam McGee: Well, Randy, as you know, I have to repeat what I said just a few seconds ago that we're well aware of the three primarily categories that you described that could impact our industry. But there's just not enough specificity yet for me to comment on what impacted, if any, it might have on us.
Liam McGee: As there are no more questions, thank you for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in The Hartford. Thank you.
Juan Andrade: Andrew, this is Juan. If I understood your question correctly, I think your asking us if in order for us to generate targeted ROEs in our range, whether we need to be within the combined ratio guidance range that we have provided. The answer is the combined ratio guidance we have actually will produce better ROEs than that. It would complement with the profitability that we're currently generating.
Juan Andrade: These are from Property-Casualty standpoint. I think you do have some flexibility in going outside of that range. Now we clearly don't discuss the party of combined ratios per segment, but you can actually have some flexibility with that range.
Juan Andrade: So let me address first the question on prior-year reserve development. So we continue to have a very strong reserve position. For the quarter, we had releases before tax of $90 million. Those were primarily in the liability lines, including middle market umbrellas, specialty casualty, general liability and also professional liability, directors and officers. With specific question regarding the accident years that they came from, it really depends on the line of business. So for example, if we look at the financial lines, those were primarily accident years 2001 to 2006. If you look at the umbrella prior-year development, those were accident years 2004, 2008. And also, if you look at our personal lines, you're looking at also essentially 2005, 2006. So essentially, that provides you a context for the accident years.
Christopher Swift: Andrew, it's Chris. That is guidance and the objective and the goals Liam and I sent out in April, an overall 11% ROE for the organization in 2012. So we have some flexibility within the loss ratio. The guidance also, for the remainder of the year, does not include any other, I'll call, a favorable development. So we're not predicting at it at this point in time. We do have our other operations guidance that we continue to give. But again, I think your overall question is, what is the overall Hartford enterprise target? It is 11%.
Christopher Swift: John, it's Chris. It's really a function of our actual first quarter results that we've printed, and then, I'll call it, the remaining three quarters, plus the favorable tailwinds that we feel in the market and the general improvements that we're experiencing.
Christopher Swift: John, as we sort of get up to speed here, it's a good point. I can tell you honestly, we don't contemplate any changes at this point in time. We're fully aware of the economics and manage it that way. But from a reporting side, we haven't concluded if we're going to make any changes at this point in time.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. Again I think, generally, you could think in terms of things that are consistent. I think the one major change that we could talk about is that we extended our macro equity protection into 2011 within the last two weeks, again, which we think is prudent, given that we took advantage of the market levels and some lower volatility and put on a little currency protection, again as the yen particularly weakened. We took some opportunities to put some protection on there just to cover some tail risk. So I would say, generally, as we've thought about or if you've thought about the program in the past, it's relatively consistent with another year of protection on a macro equity basis.
Christopher Swift: Yes, it's a good point. Again I would call it out-of-the-money puts on the equity side. And again, given the market levels, I think you should maybe begin to think about it as $60 million a quarter as far as the cost of the new program in 2011.
Christopher Swift: I would describe it as, again, generally that way. I think in terms of our reinsurance costs, obviously sort of net fees in there. And so yes, I think you're correct.
Christopher Swift: It's Chris. I mean the DAC policy, I mean we've capitalized costs at sort of very width [ph] (1:06:10) and are directly related to the production of new business. So from a fixed cost side, I'm not aware meaningfully -- we're capitalizing it at this point in time.
Christopher Swift: Scott, it caused the increase through exchange-traded activities. If the Life industry does not get an exemption, we would have to record those costs, both on statutory and GAAP income statements.
Gregory Mcgreevey: Yes. So anyway, just on the alternative side, our alternative performance, it improved significantly, as you pointed out in the first quarter compared to prior quarters over the past year. And let me give you just a couple of pieces of information. We didn't have very strong returns in private equity funds, and to a lesser extent, hedge funds, which were offset by additional price declines in our real estate funds. So we're encouraged by these results, clearly, but we do want to see longer-term stabilization of results before changing any projections of returns, especially as it relates to the real estate market. Overtime, we do anticipate, as I think I mentioned on the last call, getting back to average historical returns in this asset class, somewhere in the 7% to 8% range.
Gregory Mcgreevey: I guess two parts to it. We have sold or in the process of selling $1 billion down in capital structure financials. Then when we look at that, we will take a small loss on those sales, but at the same time, we will get some capital impact from the investments that we're going to be taking that cash and reinvest it into. As we've talked about before, we're continuing to reinvest assets and high-quality corporate bonds primarily and driving towards our long-term model portfolio. So when you kind of think of this on a capital basis, we really think that the trades that we're doing are going to be capital-neutral over time, and we'll have little impact to ongoing and future income. So it would probably be capital-neutral, I guess, is the easiest way to think about it from a capital standpoint.
Gregory Mcgreevey: We've been part of the working group discussions with the NAIC and have been monitoring that very closely. Clearly, it's our understanding that the NAIC proposal is open to further comment. That comment is being considered by proposal by the ACLI [American Council of Life Insurers]. It's really too early to tell right now because the proposal is still open to interpretation. I think the important thing for you to realize is if the NAIC draft of new proposal was adopted as written, we expect it would have a very insignificant impact on our capital base somewhere around $100 million or so.
Gregory Mcgreevey: On RBC, and that's on a levered RBC. So we think that if the proposal is adopted as is, that on a levered basis, the total impact from an RBC standpoint would be $100 million dollars or less on our portfolio.
John Walters: Jimmy, on the Group Benefits side, I think we've been saying for some time that we expected sales in the first quarter to be slower because of the disruption that we had last year. This is our longest sales cycle business that is in the Life Company. So we expected it to be the longest to see the downturn, and therefore, the upturn should occur during 2010, culminating in the first quarter of 2011, which when we get all of our national account sales. So the biggest clients that we have, which is about 60% of our business, are generally one-on-one clients for when the sales occur. And that's what you're seeing in the first quarter here. We do see positive trends developing now, although the market continues to be very competitive from a pricing standpoint. And there is somewhat less activity in the market as people are effectively defending their existing positions.
John Walters: We're seeing some normal volatility in disability claims experience. We're seeing some minor uptick in things that we would say are more economically sensitive, but not enough yet to call that a conclusion as to really affecting our disability claims experienced. It's something we're watching closely and carefully managing but we can't say yet that that's really a driver of it.
John Walters: We're very excited about how the Mutual Fund business is going today. We have very strong performance across a broad array of different asset classes, and you can see that in the sales number from the first quarter. The strongest part of our sales in the first quarter was in the Institutional space, where, for sometime, we've had an Institutional team that is out there trying to build that business. I would say, we're getting increased traction. We have reorganized that team to align better with the rest of our Mutual Fund business over the last six months. It used to be in our Institutional segment. We've aligned it with the Mutual Fund segment to give a better opportunity there. But we're also expanding into more of the Registered Investment Advisors space with that team, which is a group of independent advisors that can move large dollars in that business and where we think we've got the right product line to be successful. And so that's very early. But we expect to see improving trends there over time. It will be somewhat lumpy. So when you look quarter-to-quarter, you may see strong quarters and weaker quarters because they can be very large deposits. But we think that the trend overall will be positive.
John Walters: In the mean time, in the states where we're not yet approved with the new product, we are continuing to sell our existing product. So we're not out of those states in the meantime. I think that's very important to understand. We have an outstanding sales organization that is continuing to actively engage with all of our historical producers and new producers, and to lay the groundwork for the new product as it comes out. We will be launching one of our key distributors in the month of May, which is a big next move for us. There's only one other major distributor that we're preparing to bring on. And then as we've said, we had got a couple of key states that are pending, and we're optimistic that those will get approved either in the second or early third quarters.
John Walters: No, we really haven't. We made the decision almost six months ago now to streamline our sales force. We think we retained the very best talent, and we have put programs in place to make sure that we continue to retain them. Their enthusiasm for the new product is quite high, and so is the question of executing on it and getting the sales momentum to build, which they are very focused on at this point.
John Walters: The sales cannot create a big DAC write-off for us. So regardless of what the sales number is, that won't create a big DAC write-off. We are operating today at a sales level that is below what we would like to operate to fully cover all of our distribution costs. We expect to build back into that overtime. That's a conscious decision that we've made to protect the franchise as we get back into this business.
John Walters: This is John Walters, Randy. We think that this product will work well in all of our different channels. As you know, we had very broad distribution through banks, through independent financial advisers, through major Wall Street firms. The independent channel is where we can get the quickest traction because it's the easiest place to gain entry for a new product from a operational standpoint and approval standpoint. But we are launching it at all of our major distributors, and we expect to get traction in each of those channels. I think overtime, we'll find that some channels have greater success with it than others, but it's too early to call that at this point. We're after all of them aggressively.
