Doug Elliot: Elyse, let me tackle that question. The first point relative to the three points, roughly two-thirds of that is coming through the loss area, so yes there’s Hartford Next benefit in there - it’s about 0.8 points. Second component is that primarily the loss improvement is coming from middle market and global specialty, so our businesses that have been leveraged by the portfolio re-shaping and the heavy pricing are driving disproportionate amounts of that increase year-over-year.  Small commercial is still very, very profitable, but they will feel a challenging workers’ comp environment again in ’21, and we’ve balanced that as we’ve put the complete plan together.
Doug Elliot: That’s correct, yes. It was a pretty good property non-cat year for us, and I would say that some of the compares had higher levels of that non-cat weather activity in 2019, so that drives some of the quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year change, Elyse.
Doug Elliot: Well, it’s a big question, Brian. First off on the pricing side, as I mentioned in my script, we expect the 2021 year to look largely consistent with 2020 from a pricing perspective. Yes, we’re seeing a bottoming of the workers’ comp curve, but I still expect some downward pressure minus pressure in small commercial and middle market flat to maybe up a point or two, so that’s the pricing side of it. The loss trend piece is very complicated, and we’re not going to go through a roll forward for everybody today; but essentially the 2020 year looks so unlike any year we’ve ever had before because of the pandemic, so as we complete 2020, obviously frequency has been in very good shape and you’ve seen that come through our adjustments, but the flipside is we’re watching carefully severity, and so we’re watching durations, we’re watching medical treatment, we’re watching the extended impacts of what may or may not happen with COVID victims, so we’re being careful with severity.  We’ve moved our picks up a little bit in the 2020 accident year, we’ve kept them there for ’21, but again when we look through workers’ comp, we look through these two years, we’re still on our long term picks. We think over time this aligns, it should run at five on the severity side and flattish for frequency, based on everything we see in the next few years. 
Doug Elliot: Yes, heavy first half. It depends on vaccines and rollouts, but yes I think we expect first quarter to look similar to probably fourth quarter, and then our hopes and optimism are shared across the country that second quarter and third quarter improve mightily. 
Doug Elliot: I would separate the markets. As I think about small commercial, largely a file with little deviation, and we’re seeing flat to negative pricing. I think the file trends across the bureau state next year are off four to five points, so I think that environment will continue to exist as it has in the last couple years, although slightly improved negative, right? We were probably eight or nine off two and three years ago, and now we’re half off, so that’s encouraging. In the middle market space, we see a very competitive marketplace. It’s remained competitive over the last 12, 15 months, and I think we’ll continue to battle it out account by account. We’re thoughtful about accounts. We think about our tools. We look at the accounts straight up and we make decisions, so I don’t see a lot of change in that middle market workers’ comp environment going forward, at least in the next year.
Doug Elliot: Yes, I would just add that on the Spectrum question, we launched a terrific, very contemporary product right at the end of 2019. We’re feeling terrific about the prospects of that, and we barely get in market and COVID hits in March, so you’ve really got to take that five or six month period out where we know that sales were off quite substantially in second quarter.  I am deeply encouraged by what happened the last four months of the year. I think it’s a terrific product, I think the ease of use, the reaction from CSRs and customers around the country is exactly what we wanted, and I think that holds prospects for growth going forward. Again, in light of the economy turning back on, that will be a big condition for us in small, but I’m confident that we’re headed in a really good direction.  Lastly, relative to global specialty and middle and large commercial, we had some significant activities on the underwriting side that needed to happen this year to get back where we wanted to be, a profit turnaround if you will, and I feel really good about those actions that were taken. As I pivot into ’21, I think largely many of those actions are behind us, not all but many, the large block of that, and so I’m encouraged that there’s opportunity for growth and I feel really good about our verticals. I love what the Navigator breadth has meant to our franchise, and we’re just beginning to explore, I think, the full dynamic of that, so I’m bullish about what we’re going to do heading forward. 
Doug Elliot: Let’s start with what we’ve said in the past, which is with the exception of workers’ compensation, all of the rest of our lines in commercial are exceeding our loss cost trends. I think that still holds, and as such the work and the pricing activity on a written basis that we achieved this year, plus what we expect next year, leads us to believe on an earned basis, we’re going to see earned improvement in our loss ratios across commercial for all lines, ex-workers’ comp. I expect some margin compression in small just as we battle through in 2020, but the aggregate of what we’ve been able to achieve in global specialty and middle market pricing leads me to feel confident that the driver of loss ratio change in those two businesses will carry the incremental improvement that we express in our guidance for ’21. Personal lines is a different story, right? We had a very positive low-driving mile year period - nine months, if you will, and we expect those driving miles to return back more to normal, so the personal lines margin and loss ratio will come back toward a more normal level, and that’s why you see the pick that we’ve selected here for ’21. If you put personal and commercial together, overall we’re still encouraged and feel improvement, but there are mix stories inside that you just have to be aware of.
Doug Elliot: Tracy, certainly in our specialty businesses, as demonstrated by the numbers, terrific progress - you know, near 20 on the quarter, and across certain lines excellent progress. I do think when I look at property, I’m very pleased about property. We have been working on our property book on a bi-parallel [ph] pricing basis now for a couple of years, but I’m encouraged that our ENS property book was in the low 20s, our large property book, which is not included in the calc in the supplement, was in the low 20s. Our core middle market, smaller property book, high-high single digits, so I’m very encouraged by the progress we’re making line by line and feel like that sets up for an improving story in ’21, which we share with you in our optimistic guidance. 
Doug Elliot: Meyer, our portfolio appetite now extends across the segments, right, so we obviously have a strong position in small, growing strength in middle with verticals, a really solid national account franchise primarily around workers’ compensation, and an assortment of specialty products that Vince and his team attack both large accounts, middle market accounts, etc., terrific wholesale distribution - that is an added element of the Navigators acquisition, so I feel like we’re coming at the market in all phases, all products, all segments, all geographies, and I really like that approach. As I suggested in my remarks, we’ve had some nice early wins that I think will just be the beginning of how we mature this broad product breadth into our family of what we bring to market. 
Beth Costello: Yes, I would agree with that. I think to have you think about it being half and half between the two years is a reasonable expectation. Again, it’s dependent on a lot of factors and market conditions but going into how we think about executing a plan like that, that’s how I’d have you think about it.
Beth Costello: A couple things. Obviously one of the things that’s included in the group benefits margin guidance is a more normal or more normal planning assumption for limited partnerships, and obviously this year we were well above that. If you think about the portfolio ex-partnerships and you look at where we were Q4 with a portfolio yield of about 3.2% overall, I see probably 10 points of pressure on that as we look forward into 2021. 
Beth Costello: Yes, so I’ll take it in two pieces. As it relates to the Talcott investment overall, kind of on an ex-AOCI basis, it’s about $185 million on our balance sheet, and again it’s an investment so like all of our investments, they’re part of our capital base. I wouldn’t have you think about this as creating excess capital capacity - there’s obviously some risk charges that would go away, but it’s all part of our capital base.  Then as it relates to DTAs and AMT tax credits, we have monetized all of those through 2020, so we are really in a position now where we’re a normal taxpayer and very pleased to have been able to recoup all of those balances.
Beth Costello: Great question. Again, I think you now our philosophy is to be in a position where we’re taking steady dividends out of the subsidiaries. You’re right - if you look at 2018, but if you also look back to 2016 and 2017, the amount of dividends that we were taking out were far exceeding our statutory earnings, so on balance I think where we are, 900 is very comfortable. I think to the extent that we continue to generate earnings at the level that we’re at, that there’s opportunity for that to increase, but we tend to be pretty steady as we think about our dividends out of our subsidiaries. 
Beth Costello: As we invest in these partnerships, we do obviously still have outstanding commitments that are there, and we see this as an asset class that we want to continue to participate in. We’ve been very pleased with the overall returns there and how our investment team has managed that, so I wouldn’t have you think about us trying to cash out. In many instances, you’re pretty limited in your ability to do that based on how these partnerships are structured. 
Beth Costello: Our expectation over time is that we think that the yields that we outlook to is what one would see - starting to see outsized returns on some of the more seasoned portfolios, and then as we’re investing in new funds, those would tend to draw in a lower yield originally. You kind of think about the balance of the two, but again you can look at our results over time, our partnerships have performed very strongly, but we typically look at them over the long term, at that sort of 6% level. 
Chris Swift: Brian, I tried to say that in my prepared remarks, maybe it wasn’t clear, but yes. Of the $160 million of life COVID losses, I’d say 75% would be a good number for first quarter.
Chris Swift: Jimmy, what I would say is, as we talked about in the past, sexual molestation claims, reviver statutes, they all go together here, particularly in this quarter, as Beth mentioned, related to Boy Scouts. They’re in bankruptcy, trying to reorganize, and the amount of additional claims that were reported to us this past November far exceeded our initial expectations. Now, we’re really sympathetic to the real victims here, but there are some serious questions about the validity of all the claims that were reported. Nevertheless, we felt it prudent, again just given the magnitude, to increase our reserve position, and we did.
Chris Swift: Yes, I would say in the U.S. first, you heard my prepared remarks - you know, we’re debating and fighting out in the courts and litigating, so nothing fundamentally has changed our views on BI exposures. We have not put up any reserves other than for our policies that did not have direct physical loss requirement. Our expense reserves remain the same - I mean, we’re spending money to defend ourselves, which is why we’ve put it up. I would say the U.K. judgment doesn’t affect us at all here in the U.S., as you know, and does not impact us in any way in our Lloyd’s syndicate, which is--we didn’t participate in those types of policies.
Chris Swift: Yes, I can’t speak to the 25% for the rest of the industry. Obviously that’s our statistics, but I think anecdotally you could tell many of the judgments coming out of federal and state court are aligned with the industry’s position on interpreting the language of direct physical loss or damage. As we sit here today, I feel pretty good about where all the judgments are coming out, so that’s what I would share, Mike. 
Chris Swift: Yes David, I’ll start and then Doug will provide his color. I think the first starting point is just the macro, that we’re still living in a pandemic, right, and we’ve only vaccinated, what, 10% of our population, so the first half of ’21 and the second half of ’21 could look, I would say dramatically different.  Second point is I think you’ve always heard us talk that we’re a fairly employment-centric firm with our large comp book and our large disability book, so as employment levels rise, and we were encouraged to see the employment numbers this morning obviously come down, we’ll have to digest really what that means from an absolute number of workers, but again heading in the right direction to sort of rebuild payrolls, which obviously then provides a lift from there.  Third, I would say--again, hopefully you could feel it through Doug and myself that we are optimistic about what we can achieve in the marketplace with our expanded product capabilities, our new industry verticals in an environment where rates are going to continue, I think, at the pace they are, at least for the next 12 to 18 months. You put all that together, and I’m refraining from giving you an exact number so don’t ask for an exact number, but I think it points to an increasing top line, Doug, compared to what we’ve experienced over prior years.
Chris Swift: Meyer, I would say again, like a lot of things we do around here, we’re centered on small, middle market enterprises. That doesn’t mean we don’t service and find opportunities in the larger segment of the market, but I would have you leave with that most of our property capabilities are geared towards middle and upper middle market, and the multi-billion dollar property schedules, we might have opportunities to participate but--again, think in terms of core middle market to upper middle market is where we like to focus and try to win business. 
Chris Swift: Yes, I would share with you, Yaron, that mortality increase is fairly consistent amongst all age cohorts. Obviously the rate of mortality is different by age cohort, but the increase is fairly consistent. I would also share with you about 6% or 7% of our insured population is 60 and older, so we don’t have a big concentration in, I’ll call it the mature segment of the marketplace, so the direct to indirect effect of COVID is pretty spread across all cohorts, all regions of the country. We’re not seeing any particular trend at this point in time other than the indirect cause, as we try to analyze it, we just think it’s people deferring and not taking care of themselves during the pandemic, and we see heart disease, stroke and cancer deaths up - again, not directly related to COVID but indirectly related. 
Chris Swift: Yes, again I’d just go back to what we’ve said before. Glad we purchased it, it was part of our strategy as we thought about financing the overall Navigators transaction. Obviously it slowed down this quarter, but you know in this business, you can never predict with certainty what’s going to happen in the future with some of these claims. But the excess level that we have or ht sufficiency remaining in it gives me a great deal of confidence that it’s not going to go through the top, bottom line. 
