Douglas Elliot: David, on our casualty lines, we essentially did not move our pics in the quarter, the year is still very immature. We did share with you in our workers' comp COVID charts that we had a variable frequency that we did recognize. So, I'd asked you to make sure you've made that adjustment in your ex-cat numbers. But essentially, it was our ongoing loss trends. We still feel like the loss trends that we had talked to you about expected for 2020 are essentially right where we see them today ex-COVID. And so no, no material changes.
Douglas Elliot: Think that's a bit premature. And now you're out into a 2021, 2022 conversation, which we're not prepared to have right now. We've talked about the 2020 year, our small commercial book is experiencing some compression and workers' comp margins. That's, that's where we are relative to those prices being negative. So we will continue to update you, but I think it's a little premature to talk about improve margins and workers' comp today.
Douglas Elliot: Mike, let's parse that apart. I would say, in general, the presumption by state new guidelines are targeted at COVID. And most of them have sunset clauses on the backside. So we are paying a lot of attention to the particular state by state. I think as of June 30, there were 14 states, and several of them were very important big states for us. So think about it in the context of COVID and we're working with trades and our teams here to make sure we understand all the nuances. And it's an ongoing matter because there are certainly ongoing discussions in various states today that continue to be important as we think about our workers' compensation line.
Douglas Elliot: Yeah, Mike, I think I've seen your report on that. I don't know if I agree with it completely. Just given how I think things you might have been counting, but I'm not going to comment upon any specific litigation. But I wouldn't draw any conclusion to us being picked on by counsel, I think. it's fair game for everyone. I think there's a lot of equal opportunity to get sued in these areas these days with some of our peers. But bottom line, as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, we are highly confident in our policy language terms conditions and are going to have to defend it over an extended period of time.
Douglas Elliot: So we'll start with auto liability. Our 2019, 2018, I'm sorry, 2018 tech was just a little light. So we felt like we had to top that up, Brian. Commercial auto liability has been a frustrating area for us over the last five to seven years. We have, I think, done a lot of underwriting work. We have priced aggressively. Obviously, we haven't caught all the trends. I think we're on top of it. As I mentioned in my script, our pricing now is in the teens in our middle market book and even stronger in our global specialty book. So if we understand it, I think we're in a better reserved position. And yes, it's been a little bit of a nagging issue that Beth and I just wanted to get on top of. Relative to navigators, I would describe the international DNO as specific situations that we had to make adjustments for in our reserves. There were certain cases that we just felt like our case reserves were not adequate. And then, in the U.S. book, I talk about general liability, we just strengthen our tail factors on the backside of some of our curves. So those are the two areas that in NAV, I think we made the appropriate adjustments with. Again, we understand that book more deeply today than we certainly did the day we purchased it, and I feel good about where we are.
Douglas Elliot: Brian just had one other comment, just on the overall feel. I continue to be really pleased with the overall performance of the acquisition, the team, the talent that we talked about. Modestly, I think our timing was really, really good, didn't know that we're going to go through a hard market, but we'll take a little tail wind at our side. And again, if you really remember when we announced this transaction, we purchased an ADC cover because we knew their reserves were short. We were willing to absorb obviously call it a loss layer of that the first 100 million, but then we did transact with a third-party to transfer all that risk from there. So we knew they were short. That's why we did the ADC. Honestly, it's not surprising to see where they're at right now. But that's the context of how we're thinking about the deal, and specifically the ADC.
Douglas Elliot: So I think about small commercial, and I'm assuming you're looking at margin and xx. Essentially, when you adjust our quarterly underlying for COVID, you get an 871, which is, I think, a really competitive, terrific answer for their business. I have commented that we were impacted by COVID-19, relative to production, commented we expected that in the quarter, we watched that I'll also will share with you that our on the glass underwriting tool early March, when we saw this thing coming, we made adjustments on the glass for referrals to underwriters and certain classes that we just wanted extra sets of eyes and I'm sure that influenced a bit of the flow during the first 60 days. So, there are a lot of subtle factors that go into how we run that business, but I feel very good about our underlying margin, the adjustments we've made, and our go forward prospects. With all that said, we have to understand that we were watching carefully the reopening across the country. And we can't do this all on ourselves, we have to participate in the economy in large.
Douglas Elliot: Well, there's a little bit of good news on the expense side. And I would say largely on the loss side, we didn't adjust many of the other picks. So we commented on the workers' comp news relative to COVID and quite a bit of that would be small commercial. But I don't think Yaron there's much else to talk about this one. We're talking about tense as opposed to significant points.
Christopher Swift: Yeah, David, it's Chris. Thank you for joining us in the question. Though, it's a combination, right, as we outlined, we are looking to extract $500 million of what we would consider fixed cost savings in 2022. But we're also cognizant of the fact that premium volumes may fluctuate up or down, from where we closed out in 2019, which is the measurement base. So, as we go through, I'll call it the next couple years, we'll have to make any appropriate adjustments, because at the end of the day, we want to get closer to all in expense ratio that is least in commercial as close to that 30% mark. And if premiums are greater, that means, we'll have a lower ratio in for the premiums are less we'll look to other fixed and other variables cost to take out to achieve our result.
Christopher Swift: Sure. But I think the genesis questions is, if you look back over the last five years, I mean, we've been investing in the platform, I think, you know, quite significantly and appropriately, whether it be in product, whether it be in underwriting, whether it be in IT platforms, digital, our data and analytics, capabilities, robotics, and how we could continue to just be more productive. So, I think it's just a culmination of those years of investing and stepping back and saying, we probably need to harvest more gains and then we have to date in rally you know, everyone and this is a company wide effort. Everyone's involved all businesses all shared services. And, you know, we want to we want to harvest the gains. I think our initial point of view right now is to drop the majority to the, the bottom line. But I do want to think about, growth, organic growth, particularly in what we might be able to do in either new areas or existing areas, or potentially, you know, to capture more share, but initial thinking right now is, is more, you know, dropping to the bottom line. And I would say the timing of all this was fortuitous. And at least in my judgment, we had a small team thinking about this in the fourth quarter, doing our benchmarking, and then really, you know, first and second quarters, I would say, Beth and Beth could add her color. And we develop the, the specific action plans, and I'm really, really detailed basis. So that we felt comfortable, obviously announcing it, you know, here today with the appropriate investments that are needed. And when I, when you look at the cost, think of in essence that the separation cost is separate. But there are also, investments that we're still going to make in our platform primarily in the technology side to bring out structural savings over the long term. So that's what I would share with you, Brian, and Beth, I don't know if you would add anything.
Christopher Swift: Ryan. It's very encompassing. I mean, we were very thoughtful about it, you know, working in conjunction with our legal team, our general counsel, recognizing that this isn't going to go away overnight. I mean, this is going to be an extended period of time where there's going to be litigation disputes, and it's a multi-year view of what we think we are going to spend to vigorously defend our policy terms and conditions.
Christopher Swift: Elyse, it's just a couple of points to respond to that. First thing is, some of that variance was expense related. So we had a good quarter on the expense side. And you see that in our printed numbers. I'd also remind you that you know that's in addition to the allowance for doubtful account charge, we also took on the quarter sheet out -- you could adjust the quarterly number for what we gave you in terms of the $30 million bad debt change. Secondly, we did talk about inland marine losses being better in middle commercial in the quarter. So, there is some good news on the property side in metal. But essentially, yeah, I think you have it, well laid out.
Christopher Swift: Yeah, I think it's -- well said Doug. I just looked at some aggregate numbers, maybe at various states, California, New York, we were approaching 100% combined ratio today. So the pressure is only going to get more intense, particularly as you said, as far as, you know, interest rates, although frequencies continue to behave in a very well, at least in our point of view, but I think it all points to, you could foreshadow four to six quarters out, that there really is a beginning of an inflection point.
Christopher Swift: Jimmy, it's clearly you know, watch area. As you know, historically, one, unemployment rises, disability claims tend to go up. I would tell you that, our data both on the short term and long term side does not show any pressure. But remember long term disability usually has 180 day elimination period. So it does take some time before you would see new incidences, then that could translate into two more claims over a longer period of time. So our insurance trends in 20 year continue to be, again at very low levels all time low levels, although there might be some modest hiccups in certain segments. So it's clearly, a watch item, but it's not emerging in our data yet. But as we make three year rate guarantees, particularly we're in the one 121 season right now, we're taking this all into consideration to provide ourselves an additional margin or additional buffer for potentially more incidences, and obviously a lower interest rate environment.
Christopher Swift: I would add just again, my comments were geared more at accident year results not calendar year. So I'm not sure what your comment was geared at but mine were clearly accident airbase.
Christopher Swift: And I would just close, Brian on the liability pieces, we've talked about this publicly. We wanted more general liability, liability expertise in our portfolio. It was an area that we were working on organically. And so as we acquire the navigator, which is a core fundamental throughout their product family, we do that in a time of increased loss trend we understand that, and we've had to make some adjustments along the way. So I think that all sets up what happened in Q2 and over the last couple of quarters.
Christopher Swift: Yeah, it's a great point, Brian, I think it would add only to the impact of social inflation that we're experiencing today that everyone's talking about. So, yeah, I would say it's bad now and it could get worse going forward, if there isn't -- as I said temporary relief, right. I mean, we want people to try to go back to work and reopen the economy. And as long as there isn't called gross negligence or just bad behavior in players, I think vast majority would know better, but there's still needs to be a level of protection. I don't know what's feasible as far as litigation going forward, I hear more and more litigation each day that has happened as people think about returning to work and/or wrongful death claims this morning. I think really what it means is particularly in all our policies and we take a proactive stance in looking at policy terms and conditions and appropriate communicable disease exclusions are already in a lot of our general liability policies. But we'll continue to just be thoughtful and take necessary action we're appropriate with policy terms and conditions.
Christopher Swift: Yaron, it's Chris. So what I would share with you on I'll call it the 99%. It's basically to sort of reinforce that business interruption is standard in most policies, but it does have a physical loss requirement. The second point that we were -- we have been making to people that we will listen is that, besides the direct physical loss requirement, we also have broad pollutants and contamination exclusions in again 99% of the policies, and those exclusions really bar coverage for any material that threatens human health or welfare. And then the third layer is like we said, virus, the virus exclusion which is the vast majority of our policies and that's how we think about sort of how policies are constructed. And sort of the terms and conditions and how it really works. And I almost think it as a waterfall. So you don't even get the virus, if you don't have a direct physical loss. And that's why I sort of put it last in the waterfall.
Christopher Swift: As far as it 100 million and the 1 million any additional detail at that point in time as far as policy limits and things like that, I'm just not going to comment upon. I mean, we looked at it in aggregate. We know what the policy limits are. We know what claims are coming in for you. We did exposure analysis on future claim activity that might come in and that's our number, and that's all I'm going to say.
Beth Costello: Yes. Thanks, Chris. The only thing I'd add, just to pick up on a comment that that Chris made is. We have been working on the efforts for planning for this over the course of the first and second quarter. So we have very detailed plans that we are tracking to that will achieve these benefits over the next couple of years. Well over you know, 600 individual initiatives, and as Chris said, is across all aspects of the business, but we really are now in execution mode. This is as if we're planning to determine how to reduce our costs, we have detailed plans, and we will be executing to them. And as I said, we'll update you on our progress as we go
Beth Costello: Yeah. So, the expenses that are considered core, those would run through the business segments really the restructuring costs, would run in the corporate segments.
Beth Costello: Yes. You did hear that correctly, Jimmy, when we look at it, we don't expect it to be as large of a loss as we had in Q2. But, you know, again, the valuations are not just based on equity markets, some of them are also based on forward look of earnings and so forth. So again, given some of the items that I referenced, we would expect potentially to see still a little bit of a loss there as we go into Q3.
Beth Costello: And I just would add that to your other questions Ryan, it does not change our view of our current accident year picks, we feel very good about how that book is performing, feel very good with the progress that we're making on improving the profitability associated with that. So from that standpoint, no change there.
