Doug Elliot: And as I mentioned, we obviously are seeing a very solid, profitable run through our loss ratio. So we’re feeling a little expense pressure in our supplementals because we’ve got a three year trigger for loss ratios with many of our agents and brokers.
Doug Elliot: Yeah, I would say that. And clearly, as we replace ‘12 with ‘15 - ‘15 starts out in a good spot from a loss ratio standpoint. The three year run with ‘15 will be ‘13, ‘14, ‘15, which will be three good years. ‘15 clearly is in a better place than ‘12 would have been. So I think now we get to a normalized level as we approach ‘15.
Doug Elliot: We’re looking at every component of that. And we do feel like there are some things happening here that we need to kind of lean into and we have some work programs around. We’re clearly looking at vehicle year and making sure that our new open road product is appropriately pricing those. In the quarter, it looked like our subrogation was a little light. So we’re leaning into subrogation. And as you understand that, that’s something we can catch back up with. So we’ve got a number of things that we’re looking at internally, but we understand there’s probably been a little bit of physical damage pressure across the industry as well.
Doug Elliot: Yeah, I would start by saying the pressure we’re feeling today in commercial auto is very different than some of the programs and captives we had several years back. So those are in our history, and I feel good about the way we’ve moved away from those programs. This is more organic middle market and to a lesser extent, small pressure just across severity. We’re seeing severity trends in those books of business. We’re pricing for them. We’re looking at vehicle weights against our price per pound. We're looking at driver experience. I would say that we’re leaning probably a little bit more aggressively into driver experience this year than we had in the past. So we’re working across that auto book. We're going to get this book performing much better as soon as possible. And I would say right now, we’re leaving no stone unturned.
Doug Elliot: Vince, this is Doug again. We are looking at year of vehicle. So obviously, the newer vehicles will have more technology in the bumpers on both sides. So that’s something that’s got our full attention. We obviously feel great about our claim process, but we’re going back. As you know, we have a new claim system that is rolling out as we speak. So we’re looking at the work streams that now revolve around that new system, and looking at similar type and year to make sure we’re on top of all those trends.
Doug Elliot: A general up-shift, but not dramatically, we've watched this carefully over the last 10 months, 12 months and so not that I think this is inside our patterns relative to loss at the moment.
Doug Elliot: I think you probably have a great sense of the marketplace. In general, there’s been a downward pressure across the filings in workers' comp. So some of the major states are looking at moves in the pricing realm that now are flat to down. I would say, across the middle market, I don't see major swings from the geographic standpoint. I think we’re competing well, I think the tools are in place; the books are very adequately priced. So the improvements we’ve made over the last three years, I think do position a bit more competition, which is what we’re seeing. But we’re going to keep our discipline, and I’m very comfortable that we’re going to be thoughtful as we play this out.
Doug Elliot: John, I would say that we still feel like that range is achievable. A couple of thoughts. One is, I do think the first quarter on the expense side is a tough compare, because of the one-timers that were achieved last year. But we’re conscious of that, and as Chris said before, we’re driving efficiencies inside this operation. So although we’re driving some of the dollars back inside the invest part of our business, we are looking to become a more streamlined efficient company over time. And I do think, obviously, we’ve got to wait and see how weather plays out second and third quarter. But I look at this as a solid start to the year ,and those targets definitely achievable.
Doug Elliot: What we’ve done in the ad campaign is, we’ve adjusted slightly to be a little bit more value-based, tied in with the AARP membership. So as we’ve made some tweaks over the past 90 days, our response rate has risen positively. And our close rate on those responses also has seen some favorable reactions. So more to come as we work out the rest of 2015, but very encouraged by the early start.
Doug Elliot: Ryan, let me just follow up on Tom and - I appreciate your reconciliation and trying to pinpoint it. But I think Beth said it well, is that we will get into the second half of ‘15, go through our regular forward-looking planning process, and see the - and just make some final decisions. I think, from my perspective, I take great comfort in the fact that the agencies have seen the improvements that we’re making. We are sitting on excess capital that we intend to deploy in accretive ways. You’ve heard our penchant to keeping things in balance between debt and equity, so I don't think there is anything really changed. And if you could just continue to be just a little patient with us in that we want to be a regular company, and sort of look at these things in a normal cycle and rhythm, and we’ll communicate our views to you at the appropriate time. But thank you for your interest.
Doug Elliot: As we start the year, loss trend is certainly eating into our pricing equation. We hope that that will change. We have got a number of work streams to try to bring incremental margin back inside that book. I would remind you that overall, our auto book is in actually pretty reasonable shape. And clearly, on the AARP side, very solid shape. We have some work to do in the agency channel and we’ve chatted about that in the past. So I hope that we can turn that pricing into a benefit inside the ratio. That’s the goal.
Doug Elliot: I’ll try to cover a few of those items in the question, which was a good one. Very pleased with the quarter, obviously, a strong sales quarter - our strongest sales quarter in several years. Although I would remind you that we’ve had quarters like that in the past, when this business was really running well for us back in the late 2000s and even into 2010, so pleased with our start to 2015. You can also see that a bit more success has been on the life side. So as we look at the long-term duration contracts in LTD, strong start, but not as strong, probably, as we had seen on the life contract side, so just something in terms of marketplace. Yes, we’re excited about the new product development over the past several years, and we’ve got two new voluntary products in market, including a new disability flex product. We have sold several of those deals. I will also tell you that we‘re looking to populate them with employees of the contracts that we’ve written them on, but I think off to a good start. They're recognized by many of our policyholders, and I think we’re going to begin to see that success play out in 2015. So very pleased with our group benefit start.
Doug Elliot: I would say it’s a relatively consistent environment, so we see competition there. Maybe a bit more on the LTD side than what we had experienced in the past. And again, what’s so interesting about the group benefit world is that, particularly in the national accounts, we’re working six months, nine months in advance. So some of the successes we had in the first quarter were really the result of actions and proposals that went on last summer. But we’re feeling good about our ability to be successful in the middle market. That will be an increasingly important part of our group benefit strategy. But I do think rational competition really across in a consistent manner.
Doug Elliot: I think you can see in the sup that, yes, we had some adverse auto liability actions taken on our reserve position, for sure. Mostly middle market, I might comment. And then the financial product good news essentially did offset that. Just a thought about the financial product, D&O, E&O, book. We were heavier in the financial institution block back during the recessionary period, so we made appropriate reserve position judgments back in that period. We've watched them play out as the last five or six years have played out. This quarter, we came to the decision that we had - it was time to make some of those adjustments. So the netting of those two is what’s playing out in our reserve position on the prior, and I think it is well laid out in the sup for you.
Doug Elliot: I’ll start and take the first half and then we’ll flip to Beth. I would say that with Ray's leadership - and he and I now have been engaged heavily with the group over the past nine months - it’s a great chance for us to do a refresh. We’ve mentioned that we are rolling out a new auto class plan that always encourages tuning, as these things roll into market. So I would consider what we’re doing in the marketplace kind of normal for a competitive product adjustment strategy that we will continue to evolve as we move forward. Yes, it’s a competitive channel, but I think our returns are really in very solid shape. We would like them to be a bit better, but I’m satisfied with where we are and I think we will continue to do tuning as we move forward.
Doug Elliot: First, I am pleased that you are encouraged. We are encouraged by our book profile over the past few years. Not only on the pricing side, but really very pleased about the mix changes and how they've played out inside our earnings and reserve profile. So I think 2013 and 2014 are still early to call, but we are very pleased as to how they look and we hope they continue to look as solid as they are today. But you know, we call them as we see them. We feel good about progress, but these are long tail lines that take awhile to mature.
Doug Elliot: Ian, I think you ask very solid questions. As Chris had suggested, we are totally committed to this space. This is been a real solid complement to not only our personal lines agency franchise, but also to the commercial as well. But we have been challenged and we have got to get those hit challenges head on from a financial standpoint. We are doing so as we speak today. I am optimistic about what the next couple years will bring, but I also know that challenge in the channel, based on how competition competes and the comparative rates, etcetera. So I think we will be talking about this as time plays out. And know it has our full attention. And we are on it and we are pulling levers to drive a better financial outcome.
Christopher Swift: Mike, I would just add on the expense side, we are harvesting gains today. So you should not think that we’re not trying to be efficient today and improve our existing processes, particularly as we spend money on new technology, which will continue. We do capitalize some of those investments that will be amortized over a five to seven year period, depending on the project. But we ultimately expect the payback through increased - I'll call it productivity, reduced unit cost and ultimately, faster growth. So that’s how Doug and I have been thinking about it.
Christopher Swift: I would say from the industry side, no change that we can tell. We have made some adjustments in our own strategy, really around classes in vehicles and geographies, just normal tuning that goes on day-to-day. And so the combined actions of competitive pressures on our own actions contributed to the quarter.
Christopher Swift: Let me just add just a perspective, too, because I called it out, particularly in my prepared remarks, that we are - I mean, personal lines is an important strategy for The Hartford and complementary, obviously, with our strong commercial capabilities. So that’s why we appointed one of our seasoned leaders, Ray Sprague, to really lead this and help us continue to improve it, because we have a wonderful 30-plus year relationship with AARP that we want to continue to leverage and serve their customers. Specifically on your ad question, if you haven't seen them, I’ll get Sabra sent to send you a clip. But they’re really powerful connections - emotional connections, Doug, I would say. They’re strong testimonial-based, hearing directly from AARP members themselves and explaining the value proposition that we offer. As opposed to just competing on price and just a minimum, I'll call it, features and capabilities in the products. So we offer a rich product that we’re proud of from a coverage side. And I think we're going to try to do a better job in explaining why those coverages are needed to insure for the unforeseen. So those are just a couple thoughts I just share with you.
Christopher Swift: I would just add a couple of themes that Doug explained. One, if you look at sales, the life TI piece is interesting, so shorter duration versus longer duration. We’re having a little bit more success, particularly in the lower stream environment. Two, it’s obviously a heavy national account season, the 1-1. But equally, there’s a lot of good contribution that Doug and the team have been focused on in middle market in the small side. So our balance of sales is spread amongst the different segments. And then thirdly, the channel, I would say exchanges are beginning to contribute in a way that we anticipated, but is a positive development, too. So we rely on our existing agents and brokers. But there are a number of exchanges that we’re participating in that are contributing nicely to our increase in sales.
Christopher Swift: I think it’s too early for us to comment on that. We have a well-balanced book of business across sector, geography, etcetera. But I think it would be early for me to make a call on ‘14 or ‘13.
Christopher Swift: Ian, I think Doug said it well. But I think when you think about it also strategically, we still believe in advice that the independent agents provide, provided that we have a good competitive home and auto product. So I think when you speak of auto, don't forget about home in making sure that we have a total solution for our independent agents and our customers. So as Doug said it and he said it well. We are committed to figuring this out and how we can continue to add value in this segment.
Beth Bombara: Thanks, Mike. So obviously we're very pleased with the actions that both S&P and Moody's have taken. Obviously, over the last several years, we’ve been working with them closely to share with them our plans, and we plan to continue to work for continued improvement. So I don't see it changing our views relative to our capital management plans. Again, it’s nice to get the recognition for the improvements that we have made.
Beth Bombara: Yeah. That’s exactly what drove the out performance for the quarter. So when we look at just normalizing the run rate for investment income, it gets back down within the range that we previously gave.
Beth Bombara: Yes, absolutely. So we do focus on the last line that you see on that schedule, which is the rating agency adjusted debt to capitalization. So ended the quarter at 27.3%. When we look forward to the year and anticipate the debt reduction that I covered in my remarks, all things else being equal, we’d expect that 27.3% to be on a slightly under 25%. And we stated all along, our goal has been marching down to the low 20%s.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So as we look forward and we think about capital management actions in the future, debt reduction was something we’ll always consider. As we said in the past, we don't need to get to that target immediately. So we intend to continue to be balanced in how we approach that. But obviously, as you do equity repurchases, that also puts pressure on the ratio. So we’re really just looking to balance all of that. And I would call it a steady march down to the low 20%s.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So I will remind you, John, we had a program in place in 2014 that increased that surrender rate, our ISV program. So that obviously impacted those surrender rates that we saw in ‘14 and then going into ‘15. And as I said in my remarks, we will continue to look at ways that we can target specific portions of the book, as we have in the past. And obviously, that can make the surrender rates sort of ebb and flow.
Beth Bombara: Yes. It does tend to bounce around a bit, too. But I think on average, I would say that that would make sense. But quarter-to-quarter, depending on just where various contracts stand relative to choices that they have to make, you can sometimes see the numbers bounce. But on average, I think that’s a good place to be.
Beth Bombara: Sure. So as we’ve talked about in the past, when we think about holding company cash and levels that we'd feel comfortable at, we typically target around 1.5 times interest and dividend requirements. And when you look at where we are with interest and dividends, you can think about that as being in like the $650 million range.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So the way I would have you think about that, Tom, if you recall, back in February, we provided you with an update on our projections of holding company cash and where we expected the holding company to end the year at. And that was at about $1.8 billion, and that remains unchanged. That took into consideration all the dividends that we just talked about. So when I was answering John's question on the holding company requirements, and if you think about $650 millionish being the annual interest and dividends that the holding company pays, and our target to hold 1.5 times that, I think that gives you a little bit of map as how we think about yearend ‘15. And then again, as we said, going into ‘16, we have the additional $500 million dividend that we anticipate taking out of Talcott as well as just our normal dividends that we would take out of the other businesses.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So Tom, I don't really want to get into a specific number. As we said, we are going to look to update our plans in the second half, once we’re going to see how the first half of ‘15 goes and our views of the remainder of ‘15 going into ‘16. There’s nothing hidden in the math that I’m giving you - so you can draw your own conclusion. But again, when we talk about updating our plans, it would be ‘15 through ‘16.
Beth Bombara: And Jimmy, on the question on interest rates, I don't have an exact sensitivity that I can give you - a basis point change and what that might mean. What I would tell you is that when we look at the overall book in Talcott, we feel very good about the cash flow generation that we see coming from the VA book. And as we get closer to the end of the year, low rates could just put pressure on that previous range that we gave. But overall, still feel very good about the balance sheet strength and feel very comfortable with the dividend plans that we've put out there. And as we get to the end of ‘15, we will evaluate surplus levels to determine what, if any, additional dividends we would see in 2016, besides what we have already announced.
Beth Bombara: I don't have a specific target in mind. Over time obviously, we focus on RBC ratios. We look at the overall surplus, especially in stress situations and then also balancing liquidity. So again, the plan that we have announced and the dividends that we expect to take out put us well within all of those thresholds that we monitor. And again, as the book gets smaller, we will evaluate absolute surplus levels.
Beth Bombara: For Moody's , it is 25% and for S&P, 100%. The way I think about it, we looked at our debt stack in total in trying to manage to the targets that I said. So those obviously weigh into that as we look at really focusing on the rating agency adjusted targets. So right now, they fit very nicely. And as we continue to manage the debt stack, we really are looking at it more from the perspective of managing to those targets.
Beth Bombara: Right now, yes, they are attractive. They do help us achieve the targets that we have. Over time, that could change, but for where we sit today, we do see them as attractive.
