Liam E. McGee: Jay, first of all, the sales process is proceeding as we expected. As you recall, Jay, when we announced our decision to sell the 3 businesses in March, we also indicated we were prepared. We have done all of our actuarial studies, and so the offering memorandum were in the marketplace approximately a month after our announcement. I would say that, as I said earlier, the process is proceeding as we expected. These are attractive businesses, and it's been a competitive process. In terms of the capital plan, we want to get the agreement signed. As I mentioned in my remarks, work with our constituencies. And I think the convergence of those things says that we'll give you a final capital plan in early 2013. So I would describe everything proceeding as we had expected when we announced things in March.
Liam E. McGee: That's an accurate statement, John, so let me reiterate. I want to be crystal clear on this point. The sales processes are proceeding as we expected. These -- we're pleased to have announced the Woodbury transaction on Tuesday. The Life and Retirement Plan process is proceeding. It -- these are attractive businesses, and it's been a competitive process. The -- we want to present to you and investors an updated, more final capital plan, which will include prospective capital management actions. So I think we're right on schedule.
Liam E. McGee: Well, Randy, I'm going to ask Chris to give a little more detail on that, but let me just be very clear in the comments that I made. Our -- under Beth's leadership, our goal is to reduce both the liabilities and the risk of the annuity book. And if opportunities present themselves, to potentially isolate or separate it. In terms of the -- and we do think, over time, there will be a capital that will be freed up as a result of that. In terms of your question on DAC and everything, I'm going to turn to Chris.
Liam E. McGee: Randy, we are laser-focused on all possible ways to accelerate reducing the liabilities and the risk.
Liam E. McGee: No. Let me adjust your thinking just a bit. First point I'd make is, although it looks relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, 7% versus 7%, actually, there was an increase in the second quarter. We rounded up the first quarter. It was 6.6%, and the second quarter came in roughly at 7.4%. So there is positive movement in the second quarter that we feel good about, and actually, that positive movement really runs across our lines, including comp, which we spoke to. The new business environment really sits outside of the pricing disclosures that we've shared with you. So I would separate those 2. And we can talk about them separately, but they're really 2 different topics.
Liam E. McGee: I think the 10% was a Middle Market pricing, and the 7% was the combination of our Small and our Middle together.
Liam E. McGee: We see a relatively stable environment. I would look at the last 60 days and think about May and June and be encouraged by the improving signals. But overall, we see a relatively stable environment that we expect will move into the third quarter.
Liam E. McGee: At or slightly exceeding would be my answer in the Small Commercial space. It's a very strong line for us. You can see our returns, as noted in the supplement. And our mid single-digit pricing increases are essentially right on our trends.
Liam E. McGee: Sure. Our view of the comp book really hasn't changed in the last 90 days. We did some tuning in the second quarter. I'd characterize out of the $43 million, roughly, $25 million of that was in accident year 2011. We're watching carefully those trends. We had some medical losses that moved to med and indemnity, but nothing that I would say would be significant or out of pattern. As you know, we call our reserves straight up as we see them in the quarter. So we did do some adjusting in the quarter, but I feel like we're all over the issues, we're watching them carefully. As we've mentioned in the past, we feel positive about the improving claim incidence trends inside our book of business. So we're very bullish about an improving go-forward comp book and the fact that we've got our arms around our prior books.
Liam E. McGee: Chris, if I might add, I totally concur with what Chris Swift just said. And as the environment evolves, and we expect that it will, we fully understand the potentially positive effect on shareholder value, if there are transactions that make sense to get some of these block-off off of our book. And we have a mindset consistent with that sentiment.
Liam E. McGee: Tom, going back to the remarks I made, the formal remarks, we do intend to pay down some debt, as you would understand, to manage our leverage and debt service coverage ratios, to protect our ratings and take shareholder accretive actions. I think either one of those, whether that would be share buybacks or transactions that would economically and appropriately get the -- some part of the annuity book, a block off of our books would both be shareholder-accretive. If there's not -- I can't speculate on what's going to be happening at a particular given time, but it is clear to say that among the most accretive things we could do today at the share price self-evident, where it is would be to buy back shares. But we're going to be -- our measure is what is the most accretive thing for shareholders.
Christopher John Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I wouldn't say there's anything other than normal, I'll call it expense, mortality, interest rate-type assumptions, policyholder behaviors. So I wouldn't say there's any boundaries. It's just our normal annual update that we'll go through.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, happy to, John. And low interest rates, as you know, just are a headwind for everyone in financial services. But our specific, either way I think about it from a momentum side, the assets that we have on the books, so the maturing cash flows and the new cash flows, if we look at the impacts in '13 and '14, I'd call it, roughly the $25 million to $30 million in '13. And you can roughly double it from there in '14 if rates stay low at today's level.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, it is the incremental impact to sort of the momentum that we will give up in the run rate earnings.
Christopher John Swift: Again, John, I think the attribution, we could work with you off-line, if that's really important to you. But I think the big thing is just, generally, keep in mind, we're not 100% hedged on the economics. So there's always going to be a basis difference. You're always going to have, I'll call it a Japanese impact because most of our Japanese hedges are in the U.S. legal entity. So I would describe it mostly basis difference from my perspective.
Christopher John Swift: Randy, a couple of points. One, I agree with Liam. And I think what we've been trying to communicate clearly is that as the block runs off, capital will be freed up, not necessarily literally, probably, generally, just take more time. And of the $7.6 billion of, I'll call it, statutory surplus, we have in all the legal entities. I mean, that's our -- our objective is to maximize that value and trading off maybe potential transactions or other types of things. So we're focused in on statutory. Your point on DAC, obviously, DAC is a GAAP concept, so that doesn't affect statutory results. And a lot of our DAC assumptions, as I said, are updated quarterly, and we still make money on these blocks of business. I mean, they're still earning fees, so we are still following our historic, I'll call it, U.S. GAAP accounting conventions is how we amortize DAC in.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I hate to speculate on types of separations, what would be involved and things like that. But any, I'll call it, separation transferred to a third party of any liabilities, we'd have to account for that in proceeds and have a gain or loss that's reflective of total proceeds. So in a transaction setting, correct.
Christopher John Swift: Yes. What we're trying to say is that all surrenders, all reductions of account value, are beneficial over the long-term, and that's our goal. And just to give you the perspective, surrenders in '11 ran about 14%, '10, they were about 11%. So they're going to settle in somewhere between 14% and 16% in my judgment going forward. And the block will run off, and we'll look for opportunistic transactions to help accelerate that runoff if they are in a marketplace that we find accretive to shareholders. That's the real strategy, simply, Randy.
Christopher John Swift: I generally think it's rounding. I mean, it's people more than anything. So it will be -- the compensation will be tied to sales and things like that, but it's pretty de minimis, Vince.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I think your question really was an appetite in VA transactions. I would say, right now, it's very early, Chris. I don't think there is much appetite at all in the marketplace right now, so we would continue to explore, continue to have discussions and thinking. But as far as real appetite, it's just not there yet.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I would say so. I mean, I think what we're trying to say, hopefully, as clearly as possible, that the opportunities are probably more short-term based on the fixed block businesses, and that will take longer time on the VA. So I think there is good interest. We've seen transactions, you've seen transactions in fixed annuity space, our fixed annuities' structured settlements, terminal funding. Those are all blocks of business that we're exploring, what is the most economic to do for the long-term.
Christopher John Swift: Tom, it's Chris. The challenge, I'll call it succinctly, is, I mean, if you look at the balance sheet, we have about $165 billion of liabilities that are in runoff in the Life group. So one, it's obvious, just the sheer size and scale. There's not going to be, I'll call it, 1 solution, 1 silver bullet. So the way we're thinking about it right now, I mean, this will be a series of moves over a longer period of time to eventually transfer runoffs, isolate, separate these liabilities. So there isn't going to just be 1 thing. I think I've always said, Tom, and particularly, I know you know, I mean, if you really look at the fundamentals of the U.S. and Japan, they're different. The U.S. block from a relative risk perspective or relative size and its components are fixed and variable, actually, it's a balanced portfolio liabilities. Japan, on the other hand, I think from a shareholder value perspective, is the greatest opportunity we have to manage that in the most accretive way long term. So whether that be a short-term transaction or that would be long-term, just managing the cash flows as effectively as possible, those are the things that we're thinking about and modeling and working very diligently on.
Christopher John Swift: No. I don't think the reinsurance structure has anything to do with capital movements and release. And as you know, we have 2 captives: one that manages our XXX program that will be dealt with in the sales process; and then White River, which is our Vermont-based captive. So is there -- I mean, it is -- just view it as a way to manage RBC and risk-based capital between the 2 organizations. So they go hand-in-hand, but there are no structural limitations, just to be clear, on how and when we would release capital because of that structure.
Christopher John Swift: Bob, I know you know the answer. I mean, low interest rates over a longer period of time won't be good, and I think we've discussed in prior quarters managing cash flow testing, C3 Phase 1 implication. So all that would come into the mix, Bob. And you never want to be, I'll call it, totally predictive and judgmental, but those would be issues everyone in the industry would have to face, including The Hartford, in the amount of additional reserves and capital we would have to put up for interest rates if we're 5 years out.
Christopher John Swift: Well, again, I'm not going to try to predict the precise number, so it's hard. All I could say though from a current point of view, I mean, we do have cash flow testing reserves up for blocks that see compression of spreads out 5, 6 years right now. So we're dealing with it right now. I think you're ultimately asking about the pace of that, and I'm not going to be in a position to predict that right now.
Christopher John Swift: I think from a pure financial side, we have a lot of flexibility. I think the calculus that Liam referred to is -- will it create shareholder value, and that's the math and calculus we'll go through, when and if we're presented with transactions.
Christopher John Swift: Yes, I think what you have to think about, Bob, is on 1 individual transaction, what does it mean for the rest of the block, the rest of the liability? So I mean, it is, I'll call it, a complex equation because, again, it's not just 1 transaction. So if for say you wanted to take a hit, what does that do for the other liabilities? What does that do to your stress scenario? So those are all the things that we would consider.
Douglas G. Elliot: Brian, this is Doug. I don't think the marketplace was really any different in the second quarter. We are continuing our march to improve our margins. As you know, workers' comp is a priority for us. And so as I reflect on our chief pricing increases and the trade-off on retention, I'm very satisfied with what happened in the second quarter and expect to see more of that moving ahead.
Douglas G. Elliot: I at least think third quarter. We're very pleased with the pricing increases, and as you can tell, our margins are improving. So we feel good about that progress. And at the moment, the trade-off between rate and retention, I think, is a good one for us, and we're going to stay right there.
Douglas G. Elliot: This is Doug again. As Chris mentioned, our run rate for the year still looks like it's going to be flat with 2011, which is in that 80, 85 range. As I think about the quarter, clearly, it was $5 million to $6 million of favorable Life and AD&D experience, and there's some good things on the expense side that were kind of one-timers. So when I look at the quarter and think about Chris' comment about overall 2012 performance, I think we're right on pretty solid run rate.
Douglas G. Elliot: So let me take that in 2 pieces. Clearly, we feel like we're out in front of trends and improving our margins across our comp lines, for sure. When we look at the change in the yield, I would say, across our Middle comp lines, the pressure for more rate is roughly in the 4 to 5 range over time that we need to get to make up what I'll call 200 -- 150- to 200-basis-point change over the last 6 quarters.
