Susan Spivak: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for our call and webcast to discuss second quarter 2019 earnings. We reported our results yesterday afternoon and posted all the earnings-related materials, including the 10-Q on our website. Please note that we reported results a bit later than usual due to the financial reporting integration related to the closing of the Navigators acquisition in May.Before we begin today’s presentation, I want to highlight a couple of upcoming days. First, Beth Costello will be participating in a fireside chat on September 9, at the Barclays Conference in New York City. Second, the tentative date for our third quarter earnings release is November 4. For today’s call, our speakers are Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Costello, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we’ll have a Q&A period.Just a few final comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different.We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on the call. Investors should also consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings.Our commentary today includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings, as well as in the news release and financial supplement.Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcast in any form without The Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on The Hartford's website for one year.I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, Beth. We have about 30 minutes for questions. Carmen, could you please repeat the instructions for asking a question.
Susan Spivak: Thank you, operator. In conclusion, we just appreciate all of you joining us this morning and we apologize for the technical difficulties and the sound interference during Beth’s note. Please note that there will be a transcript available and we’re happy to talk after this call to clarify anything that wasn’t clear during our prepared remarks. Thank you, and look forward to next quarter.
Chris Swift: Sure. Thanks for joining us Brian. As we said, both Doug and I invest in our prepared comments. I mean, we’re confident about both the financial and strategic aspects here. I think on the longer-term basis, we’ll still see the ability to generate 200 million of core earnings ex-amortization of intangibles over the next 4 to 5 years. I think there is support levers that remain the same that we’ve talked about. What’s going to contribute to that? One would be expenses, two would be NII, three would be – and you heard from Doug that actions that were beginning to take on the in-force management to improve the margins on the existing book, and then fourth, a contributor but not a large one, you know the cross-sell revenue.So, I would say those are the components. The waiting might be a little different Brian then we first thought 6 months to 9 months ago, particularly with lower interest rates, but I would say that we didn’t expect this level of pricing firming as rapidly as it has been. So, we’ve taken the adjustments, so we think we needed to particularly on the 19, accident year loss picks, which is generally in-line with our pricing models and our deal models, maybe slightly little higher, but equally I think there is more rate environment, more rate to capture.So, we see all those pieces fitting together to generate that $200 million of core earnings and you remain really, really confident and pleased with how the teams have been interacting and behaving particularly in the marketplace.
Chris Swift: Sure. I guess there is one other point I would just mention as it relates to the integration activities. I mean, we did guide on our prior call to 110 million to 145 million of core earnings in 2020 Brian. I would say that’s still a valid range, but I would anchor a little bit more on the lower-end, particularly given the interest rate environments, we thought we were going to get a little quicker left with interest rates, even after marking the balance sheet to market.So, we still see [110-ish million] in 2020 as far as an accretion potential. As it relates to reviver statutes and activities, I would say, first, we’ve got a long history of managing and dealing with I’ll call it complex claims in area, particularly bodily injury, mass tort – and Jan Kinney, who heads our team and his lawyers and claims professionals, I think do an outstanding job. Whether it’s on a primary basis or excess basis, remember we have a lot of excess claims experienced, particularly coming through our first interstate state operations in Boston.So, I would then say on a social side, I understand the desire to make people, allow people to talk about their injuries and present claims, but on the other, and it’s a slippery slope to sort of open up years of case law and litigation and how contracts are resolved, but I know that’s occurring, but I would also say that for us you would primarily focus in on three major areas. The liability associated with injuries, particularly in commercial auto, obviously the sexual abuse and reviver claims, and then head injury.I'm not going into specifics on any particular aspect other than we’re well aware, we’ve been on top of these trends for a long, long time and as I’ve always said Brian, we’re in the business of paying claims, and we want to pay claims that are legitimate and where people are injured, but equally in some of these areas we're going to be sensitive and that’s a plight word of saying, if there was a contributory actions or inactions that have consequences on our terms and conditions and our policies, we’ll be equally vigilant in asserting our rights because the rest of our policyholders would expect that.And that’s where the social inflation comes into effect that everyone is talking about. It affects everyone and we’ll be thoughtful, we want to be fair, but also make sure that people are living up to the terms and conditions in our contract. So, that’s what I would say at this point-in-time.
Chris Swift: As I tried to say, I mean, we’ve been managing these types of activities for a long, long time. I would say that we have case reserves and IBNR established for known losses and obviously incurred, but not reported losses. We’re going to have to really see sort of the volume of the new activities that really comment. So, as we sit here today, we feel really good about the balance sheet, but not knowing what’s going to come out as in the future from new claims, new activities, new theories, you can never be absolute, but just know we do have provisions that we feel comfortable at right now.
Chris Swift: Josh, it’s Chris. Welcome. Thanks for joining the call after your Rolling Stones concert last night. Second, I would just add a little color again. The allocated – on allocated loss adjustment expense in the reinsurance, it’s similar to other transactions we’ve done with Nico and the handful of claims that I’ve described, I would say relates to pollution exposures that we judged favorably. So, I don't think there is going to be any big surprises that are going to materially change any view on reserve positions and/or the reinsurance transaction in total.
Chris Swift: Paul, again we just closed, what, 75 days ago, really excited, we’ve been focused on, obviously our go to market activities in the U.S. and in London taking the corrective actions that Doug has talked about. We like all the pieces that we see, but we just are going to, let’s continue to learn, that’s why we're keeping the reinsurance programs the same and to learn from The Navigator’s team and adjust accordingly, and I would say the same thing with any major pieces of the business. It all fits together. It works, we like it, but we’ve only owned it for 75 days.
Chris Swift: I think that’s the big distinction Doug, right. We're not big fleet players. I mean, we tend to ensure trucks, vehicles on the small-to-medium size business. We’re not national programs. It’s not, just given the environment, Randy it’s not a growth area as Doug said.
Doug Elliot: Elyse good morning. It’s Doug. I would suggest that the earned trend is going to follow some of this momentum on the revenue side. So, obviously it’s a calculation and as we see slightly upward signals in those pricing indicators, the earned premium will follow at that, number one. Number two, we gave you a comp, ex-comp split, right?So, you know that we’ve got a little bit of negative pressure on pricing, particularly in small commercial that will pay out and the mechanics of that are lost trend at the moment might be slightly ahead of, where the small commercial pricing is, but in middle we’ve done a nice job of achieving flat to just slightly down pricing in comp and so very pleased with what we're seeing in metal.In the non-comp lines, you know, we’re feeling better than we were 90 days ago about signals in the marketplace, and our ability to get a little bit of rate. I know that the changes are not up materially, but they matter to us in several key lines. They’re moving in the right direction. So, we’re on the rate push hard, we’re working harder account by account and I’m encouraged by what I see as we close up the second quarter.
Doug Elliot: The only thing I would ask Beth is that, some of that Navigator combined ratio dynamic is playing into the fact that our new outlook is just slightly up a point or so on the underlying. So, the mixing end of that Navigators book and actually your encounter – your 2019 is causing a little bit of that bump.
Doug Elliot: Josh, this is Doug. I would say, it’s a little premature for us to take you all the way down through that path. We are building those plans. We had original plans, obviously, we’ve been updating over the course of the last two quarters, but there are so many moving pieces and as you know, as Chris commented on, several of their core lines are going through an aggressive degree of firming at the moment. So, we are making decisions and plans around what we see in the current marketplace, around retentions, required retentions, pricing and also new business levels that we think are appropriate for not only the combined ratio as it sits here today, but also what we think the opportunity is in that book moving ahead. So, we’ll provide more of that as we go forward in the next several quarters.
Doug Elliot: Mike, this is Doug. It’s more run rate commission. And so, when I think about quarter-to-quarter point, one point, two points have changed in the expense area, but half of that is coming from commission, much of that is coming from small commercial where we either have special deals happening. We’ve got terrific profitability indicators. So, our contingencies around loss are up a little bit year-to-year and I would just characterize what we see in small as normal, competitive commission adjustments.What we see in the middle, more related to reinsurance, I don’t even think of that in the case of normal brokerage, it’s just we have some seated commissions and reinsurance a little bit different than they were last year. So, that’s why I described the commission piece as really normal operating circumstances.
Doug Elliot: No, I agree with that. I think we’re competing well in this space. The numbers are pretty good shape across the industry. Our numbers are obviously outstanding. Second quarter is not as larger quarter as the first quarter, but our sales were up a bit in the first quarter. We feel good about that, continue to grow our Specialty products, our voluntary products, so you see that in our supplement. Just we’re encouraged. And Chris, our disability trends are in good shape, so a strong quarter for our group business.
Doug Elliot: Paul in the short-term, I would suggest that reinsurance programs are largely going to stay in place. Our teams are working diligently on a combined basis evaluating what programs need to come together over time, what programs will be left stand on it, etc. So, as I think about the rest of 2019 and the early part 2020, largely think of their programs intact and then we’ll adjust over time and share some of that information as it comes.
Doug Elliot: Thank you, Yaron. This is Doug. So, a few comments about our rain book. We did see some adverse experience in the first quarter, which I did comment on first quarter call, a bit more in the second quarter. Again, second quarter leaned a little bit heavier into builders’ risk, you know it’s a policy we offer associated with construction sites were essentially we replace the damaged property on the site. I think there’s quite a bit of volatility in the second quarter. We have pulled the covers back across all those losses. I mentioned water intrusion in my commentary, seen a number of pipes couplings, connections, damaged material values in some of our construction sites.So, we’re on it. We changed the leadership in the underwriting profile that business about 15 months ago. That process is well underway. These projects run several years. We know exactly where inventory is today. Yes, I don't think this is over at the end of June, but I do think this is well managed, well contained, both claim engineering, and also our underwriting teams are working together.And this little volatility and a pretty small line first in the middle. We’ll have little volatility, but it isn’t something right now that’s keeping me up. I think, the line is not just putting pressure here at the Hartford. I think there are others in the business that are feeling that pressure, but as I think about the rest of 2019 and 2020, we’ll get this issue behind us. I don't think it’s a huge deal and we’ll share a little bit about that journey as we go forward.
Doug Elliot: I think it’s really hard for me to compare ourselves to others. There’s so many different nuances of various books. When I talked about severity, I am combining all elements of severity, right. Our collision is up a little bit, our liability, severity is in very good shape, and obviously our frequency numbers are in a very strong shape for the first six months of the year. So, I don't know how to contrast our book with others, you know it is heavily ERP dominated that plus 50 crowd, that matters relative to drive miles, driven, parts of the year et cetera, but I don't think there’s something that sticks out to me right now that’s saying, our severity is causing something that others might not be seeing.
Doug Elliot: I don't think there is any one reason that suggest our book will perform differently than others. We manage aggressively, all of the comp liability and physical damage collision matters for our customers and I think we do a very adequate job. We work with terrific partner on the outside and have dedicated confident team inside. So, I think, we're thoughtful about our work claim process, and I don't have a reason to suggest our numbers or understand why they’re different than others.
Doug Elliot: The builders risk essentially would be equipment materials on the job side. So, I don't think auto there. I think water intrusion causing damage to all kinds of equipment in sheetrock on the walls et cetera. There were earlier in the year a couple of marine losses in transit. When you think in-transit marine that would have involved vehicles, so yes, it was a little commercial auto pressure there, but primarily second quarter, I’m talking about intrusion of water in a four-wall structure.
Doug Elliot: I guess, I’d start by suggesting the make-up of our book is largely small commercial where the middle market fleet as well, and now Navigators brings especially auto component to us. In terms of our core book, we’ve been managing aggressively auto for six, seven years now. Our exposures are down materially over the last five years, you know plus 30% [indiscernible] change in auto. Still not satisfied with our great adequacies today, our combined ratios are still not acceptable across both small and middle, and so there’s still more work to be done.Given where we see pricing today, yes, I think that pricing from our view and our middle and small books is on top of the loss trend, which means we’re now delivering better margins, but we're very careful – with a very careful eye watching 2016, 2017, 2018, some of those years that are closing up and this line has our full attention and will over the next several quarters for sure.
Doug Elliot: Well there is a lot of business in the marketplace. It is on the top of our growth priority. We’re certainly not a major mono line provider and I'm talking about historical Hartford at the moment. We certainly look at it when we're rounding of accounts and we want to protect our accounts. So, no it’s not on the top of our queue list to be facing mono line auto.With our specialty auto deviation now with Navigators, I think a good opportunity they’ve got terrific instincts, they’ve got great data and they’ll be thoughtful about their opportunities, but I would ask you to think about the different pieces of our book, and all told, we’re not an enormous auto player relative to the industry in general.
Doug Elliot: That’s right. With the exception, we have built in a little bit of this pressure on builder risk, both what we experienced first half has set our view. So, we’ve treated our loss ratios in the marine area in the second half of the year. Largely, all the other lines remain on track.
Doug Elliot: Ryan, I would remind you, you know the compare on that, you have to almost go back to 2018 and think about what happened in Q’s 3 and 4. We were doing some adjusting to the workers comp line still in Q3 of last year. I think that’s something that just has to factor in here.
Doug Elliot: Mike, I would say that, if you go back and think about some of the pressure spots and Navigators towards the end of last year and early this year, obviously there has been some pressure in the international book. Some of that marine book internationally and also the D&O book, and they were addressing some of their own and essentially as we looked at the tail factors and we looked at those cases, we just decided that we needed to makes some adjustments.So, that’s how I think about several of those lines. In the U.S., our view of tail and torque came together with their actuaries and we spent a lot of time debating and looking at things. So, I don’t look at what we did over the last quarter. These changes as anything very, very different than our discussions last summer, but they were updated back based on facts and debates as we came together and close to second quarter.
Doug Elliot: Well, our goal is to be turning into growth as we close out 2019 and move into 2020. We’re encouraged because as you can see, our new business numbers look much more positive than they were this point last year. Again, we’re working on retention. The rate change, you know the book has had a pretty solid profit perspective. So, I think the rate change probably won’t move a lot over the next 6 to 9 months. But we think the new business will grow and if we get a lift in retentions, we’ll see those positive numbers move approaching end of year 2019.
Beth Costello: Sure. I’ll start with that and Doug please feel free to add in. So, the lines that we adjusted for the current year, you know, some were consistent, again in the U.S. wholesale casualty area and a little bit in the D&O and E&O of book and as Doug mentioned, kind of in the international casualty area, and when we looked at the – our projections back at the time of the acquisition, we had anticipated needing to increase those accident year picks a bit. I would say, the final adjustments that we made were probably a point or point-and-half higher than that, but relatively speaking, we’re in-line with what we were thinking.So, a lot of the things that Doug talked about as it relates to the book and actions that we’re taking and pricing will obviously help improve those margins going forward. And our views on their underlying margins were included in the overall guidance that we gave for the second half of 2019, and again their book we would expect to run at our higher combined ratio then our historical Hartford book.
Beth Costello: Good question. So, as it relates to the actions that we took in the second quarter for prior years, all of it was applicable to the cover. I’ll remind you that it was probably about $100 million of reserves that we excluded from the cover versus primarily covering things like unallocated loss adjustment expenses. We are obviously taking the exposure on reinsurance collectability and then a handful of specific claims that were not covered. So, as it related to the actions we took, we saw no need to make any increases to those of reserves that were not covered by the reinsurance agreement.
Beth Costello: Yes. And I will just add to that Ryan, just to be clear. So, absent navigators, we probably would be a point down relative to what our original thought was for, first for second half of the year.
Beth Costello: So, obviously, Navigators coming in at a higher loss ratio, combined ratio is kind of in the mix, but we put it altogether. We feel very good about being able to be in that range.
Beth Costello: Yes, so, if you go all the way back to the time, we announced the deal, I would say that the – our views relative to reserve increases have increased from there. We obviously took that into consideration when we started to look at purchasing an adverse development cover. I would say that the actions that we took are relatively consistent with what we would have thought at the time that we entered int to the ADC, so we sort of incorporated those views when we look to purchase protection.And as I said in my remarks feel very good about the fact that there remained $209 million under that cover, and I would say the areas that we’re seeing the increases are relatively consistent, and just, again some of the size of those increases has changed, and we incorporated all of that as we thought about our 2019 accident picks, both what we felt needed to be adjusted from what Navigators had recorded pre-acquisition, as well as incorporating those views into our updated guidance for the second half of this year.
