Sabra Purtill: Good morning and welcome to The Hartford's webcast for fourth quarter 2016 financial results. The news release, investor financial supplement and slides for this quarter were all posted on our website yesterday. Please note that we will file our 10-K on February 24. Our speakers today include Chris Swift, Chairman and CEO of The Hartford; Doug Elliot, President; and Beth Bombara, CFO. Following their prepared remarks, we will have about 30 minutes for Q&A. Just a few comments before Chris begins. Today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could be materially different. We do not assume any obligation to update information or forward-looking statements provided on this call. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from these statements. A detailed description of those risks and uncertainties can be found in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. Our presentation today also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our SEC filings as well as in the news release and financial supplement. Finally, please note that no portion of this conference call may be reproduced or rebroadcasted in any form without the Hartford's prior written consent. Replays of this webcast and an official transcript will be available on the Hartford's website for at least one year. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Beth. Elisa, I’ll ask you to give the instructions for Q&A in just a second, but for in the meantime I just wanted to note that for those of you who are interested in catching up with us in person, Beth will be attending the Credit Suisse Conference in Miami on Tuesday next week and Chris will be in Boston at a lunch hosted by Deutsche Bank on Wednesday February 8th. In addition Chris, Doug and Beth will be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch conference in New York on February 15th, holding a fireside chat as well as some small group meetings. And then finally, I would note that Doug will be on the Commercial Lines panel at [indiscernible] in early March this year. We hope to see all of you, at one or more of those events. Elisa, could you give the directions again.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Lisa, and thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in the Hartford. If you have additional questions, please don't hesitate to follow-up with Investor Relations by email or phone and we’ll get back to as quickly as possible. And as I mentioned we hope to see you all soon at one of the event we’ll be attending. Thank you and we wish you good weekend.
Doug Elliot: Sure, Ryan the first thing I would say is that very pleased about 2016, pleased about the trends that we’ve been to work on with our claim department and our pricing actions, very pleased about middle market as I lean into 2017 don’t expect all those trends to continue. So as I think about what’s in front of us with workers compensation we’re still thinking that our medical trends long-term are in the 6% range and indemnity 3% to 4%. As I look at that line which matters a great deal for our company because we’re slightly overweight in comp with our expertise, it’s a line right now that is feeling some degree of pressure on the pricing side in the marketplace. So that is one of the things I think about, clearly we’re at work on commercial auto and expect progress there and expect to improve results, but we’re feeling a little bit of pressure on the general liability area across the book. And so as we planned into 2017 we try to be prudent with our loss assumptions, fair and thoughtful about what we’re doing with the pricing. I just feel a bit of pressure that yes we were able to withstand in 2016 and hope to do that again. We’d love to repeat that performance in ‘17 I know that’s our goal, but also want to be reasonable in our expectation.
Doug Elliot: Brian the only thing I would add is that clearly last three years major focus on getting our voluntary suite up to par and where it needs to be. Secondly, and Chris I think has talked about this in the past we are leaning into A&H [ph] over the next year or so. We’ve had an A&H product out there, we looked at it. We think it needs some retooling we’re working on that now, and I think more to talk about as we move through 2017.
Doug Elliot: There isn’t anything that sticks out in my mind Jay, obviously when we get to year-end we want to make sure and do our best job in making sure the accident year full year is where it needs to be. In general fourth quarter weather is slightly better non-cat so there is a little bit of a positive bias on our property side both small and middle. And we experienced some of that in the fourth quarter, obviously December is the month that triggers where we have a good property quarter or not in fourth quarter. But there isn’t anything to speak about that I think I would raise that level.
Doug Elliot: Please let me try to tackle the pieces that all add up to obviously our overall performance. So on the pricing side we’ve given you pretty clear inside into the progress we are making and just a few moments ago I also gave you a little bit lens into 2017 and the fact that our written pricing will go up over the next couple of quarter. So as that earns its way into the book we are getting a positive contributor to our progress against targets. At the core of your question relative to loss trends we are expecting from a gross perspective our loss trends in ‘17 to be about where they are in ‘16. So as we think about our data our expectation for the accident year ‘16 is that our loss trend total frequency and severity put together is in that fixed range 5.5 to 6 and that's essentially where we are planning for our gross trend in ‘17. What’s different about ‘17 is now the number of initiatives that we’ve been working and putting into market over the past four to five quarters, we expect some traction and we’re beginning to see that traction. So, we’re expecting several points of improvement against that loss trend and the combination of earned rate working through and a bending of the loss trend curve drives our expectation of improvement in performance both in ‘17 and candidly accelerating into ‘18 as well.
Doug Elliot: The core of our changes in the loss arena, I think our expenses we’ve manage our expenses according I don’t see a lot there in fact two and three and four quarters and I expect to be in a very different rate adequacy spot and we’ve got places around the country where we’re feeling much better today that we are pricing for the norms of the exposures in loss trend and I think you’ll see us begin to be more aggressive and thoughtful in our growth aspect.
Chris Swift: Thanks for not asking about Talcott directly. I think the point in time where we’re at right now John is we’ve done a lot particularly you saw with the legacy P&C liabilities this year, so Talcott contributes as it does today. We talk about managing the risk effectively and returning capital and we’re personally comfortable doing that, but hypothetically how we think about any capital that would be freed up. First we would focus on right sizing debt-to-equity ratios. And then we would think in terms of how do we replace those earnings via growth strategies both those that we can control from an organic side and then acquisition side, so that would be a high priority. I think we’ve been talking about that for at least the last 9 to 12 months as far as the priority of our capital. So yes I would prioritize growth in earnings over just share buybacks at that point.
Chris Swift: Jay it's Chris well I appreciate the call or the question on the call here. So if I look at and we've trying to talk to our key ROE metric is ex- Talcott, I think everyone knows there is a number of trap capital in Talcott. So if I look at where we ended ‘16 at 8.9 on a trailing 12 month basis. I think if we perform to the plan that we outlined and the metrics that we gave you that could be up 200 basis points especially without A&E charge in '17.
Chris Swift: Appreciate the direct question. And look we're not going to speculate on what we may or may not do. I think Beth and I've been consistent in talking in terms of risk is managed well. We have been taking excess capital out and plan to as you saw in '17. And if there are counter parties out there we'll continue to work hard to find parties that are interested in buying two legal entities that have both variable and fixed annuities both deferred and payout in them. And you can't just point to one block of business and exclude the other because just give the legal entity nature. And we're at the point in our cycle right now where simple reinsurance transactions really don't accomplish our mission Tom. So you put all that together and I’ll let you conclude. Rising rates help, robust equity markets growth prospects for the future. So I'm actually bullish on our economic outlook in general which I think bodes well for these types of liability structures going forward.
Chris Swift: Fair question Brian, I would say in the comp area pretty consistent. Our view of go forward versus what we’re experiencing very consistent. Auto, the severity in our commercial auto book we’ve got higher expectations of lost trend in ‘17 than we did in ‘16, absolutely. And in GL, slightly higher as well. So nothing radically different, but we’re feeling a little bit pressure across the liability book. We’re on it, we’re pricing for it, but we also see the market and the competitive dynamics around us. I think we just wanted to pick a prudent path.
Chris Swift: Brian it’s Chris. Generally no, I mean those supplemental products as you said had some strict definitions around of it given ACA. So if ACA gets repealed a little bit you have to watch to see the impact on the supplementary market, but we would not be interested in getting into any I’ll call it mini medical plans or things along those lines. We think the nature of these products the more we market them, more we educate our customer base on them. We’ll fit the needs with or without major ACA refinement.
Chris Swift: No but we are, similarly to first lines we do see this world in terms of the new norm. So we’re expecting some of the pressure that we’re feeling and have felt in 2016 to continue into ‘17 and we’re making those types of choice in our trend assumptions both on personal lines and also on commercial. The difference in personal lines is that as you know we’ve talked about a number of initiatives, we think we can bend the loss trend curve, based on the initiatives that we’ve enumerated and we’re working hard to do that, that’s how we’re going to make progress against that stated goal because we’ve got some work to do to get our auto loss ratio, auto combined ratios into those 96, 96.5 category.
Chris Swift: Yes we take them one-by-one. We’re clearly leaning into auto and our package liability business and you’re seeing that in the marketplace. So we are looking for more rate in Q4 and we’re looking for little bit more rate in Q1 of 2017. So there’s an escalation based on the pressures we’re feeling with loss trend. That’s driving what’s happening in small commercial. And relative to new entrance, fourth quarter was pretty much a normal quarter for us. So, yes there are new names they are coming at small from different directions. I don’t think there is anything different in our results that was impacted by any of those names and we’ll continue to respect and watch and think about our strategy going forward. But I feel very good about where our small commercial business is operating and pleased that we are leaning in relative to building new product and some of tools that we’re rolling out for customers in the coming quarters.
Chris Swift: Jay, it’s Chris, I would say we are taking the corrective actions necessary to improve our profitability and that will obviously require some top-line shrinkage. I think we focus primarily on the older age market, we think we have a niche that we’ve understood for a number of years, our relationship with ARP is deep and very strategic for us and trusted. So, I don’t think scale in it by itself in that market is required if we were ever to think in terms of more of a mass market strategy then I would say scale and how we would think about it differently but we are not thinking about that. So, I think we have the appropriate underwriting skills the appropriate insights into that call a customer segment and I think we have the appropriate claim skills embedded in the organization across the country to effectively manage it. We’re in a rough spot now no doubt, but we are not giving up and it continues to be a strategic niche for us going forward.
Chris Swift: Mark, it’s Chris, the only thing I would add is as you know asbestos language and policy forms changed in 85 for an absolute exclusion. There is some post 85 reserves that we had that we also seeded. So I think in terms of pre and post 85 A&E reserves are part of this cover.
Beth Bombara: Yes so if you look at our results over the last 12 months we have benefited from partnership return sort of an access of our plan and some of these one-time items. So if you adjust for that and take -- think about a 10% reduction in sort of run rate of Talcott. I think you’ll see that you’ll kind of get in that $300 million range for 2017.
Beth Bombara: Yes so currently we transferred cash, but obviously when you think about taking $650 million of cash out of the system that comes with thinking about liquidating other assets. So we provided I believe in our press release when we announced the transaction that we'd expect some decrease in that investment income coming from there to be modest. And that's all contemplated in the guidance that we've given relative to P&C net investment income for next year.
Beth Bombara: Yes I wouldn't think about it at that way. Again to some extent yes there was -- there is assets backing that portfolio. But when we look to manage the portfolio on a P&C side it's a little bit probably more fungible than you probably think of on a life side. And so net-net we took all that into consideration and looking at what we're anticipating for the net investment income for P&C next year including some of the modest declines that we see in overall yield, but I wouldn’t point to that as a significant driver of a decrease in P&C yield.
Beth Bombara: So I’ll take it, it’s Beth. So couple of things one, just to be clear and this will be in our 10-K we intend to do our A&E studies in the fourth quarter going forward just given the transaction that we did. If we don’t anticipate it to be on a significant obviously. As it relates to our exposure that's left as it relates to A&E again this Treaty covers substantially all of the A&E exposure that we have remained once we complete the sale of our UK subsidiary. The one thing though that we did retain as part of the transaction is to the extent that there is any uncollectable reinsurance that comes from our A&E exposures we would still bear that risk. So, that has not been a significant driver of our A&E reserve increases over the last couple of years, but that is one aspect of it that we did retain.
Beth Bombara: So again that's going to be based on facts and circumstances, the charge we will incur once the assessment is made and liquidation again. We think that could be first quarter, but it’s really outside of our control and we can’t -- we won’t book the amount until there has been a declaration.
