Chris Swift: Thank you for joining us this morning. I want to start by saying that I have never been more excited about the future of The Hartford. In the first quarter, there were infrequent items that impacted reported results. However, the underlying performance of our business continues to reflect strong execution on key initiatives and improving margins. I am extremely bullish about the prospects of growth and further margin expansion in the second half of 2021 and in 2022. The current macroeconomic environment and industry outlook favors The Hartford and combined with the strength of our businesses we are positioned to deliver accelerated growth and attractive returns for our shareholders. I'm now going to turn the call over to Doug and Beth, so they can provide some more commentary on the quarter. After their remarks, I will provide more details on our financial targets that we disclosed here today. So, with that, Beth I'll turn the call over to you.
Chris Swift: Sure, Greg, happy to. I think when we built our plan basically in the fourth quarter of 2020 I mean we were still in the midst of I thought the worst of the pandemic. If you look at mortality trends they were increasing. If you look at, sort of, just the macro environment it just was a time to still be a little cautious. But as we got into 2021 and particularly after we completed the first quarter we just felt it was appropriate to rethink the future and disclose what we disclosed today, which I think is very positive news. It's more of a growth story obviously. It's a margin expansion story coming out of a continued P&C pricing environment. It's an efficiency and expense story. And you put it all together particularly with the excess capital that we have it really turns out to be a very robust ROE story. And we wanted to tell investors here in the first quarter. 
Chris Swift: Greg, I would share a couple points with you one regarding Boy Scouts and then the second on BI. I would say Boy Scouts, obviously is just a very unique situation. We've been in lengthy and meaningful discussions and intense negotiations with them for a lengthy period of time that ultimately culminated in providing what I thought was a fair settlement for all parties. And it really sort of puts this behind us. Because when you really looked at the risk of these -- some of these policies going back into the '70s, they were on aggregated risk policies as most of those policies were issued during that time. So if you think in terms of the nature of the industry being sexual molestation it just -- there are not good facts there. Now on the other hand, we felt we had prudent defenses and legal postures to ultimately defend ourselves. But that would have been costly, that would have been lengthy. And as Boy Scouts are trying to emerge from bankruptcy there was an opportunity and we seized it to work with them to develop the settlement that we did. The settlement ultimately still needs to be approved later this year, but we're optimistic it will get the bankruptcy court approval. So what I would share with you I don't see anything else in our portfolio close to resembling what the Boy Scouts exposures are. I feel good about the reserves that we have for any exposures, but particularly the sexual molestation types of reserves that we carry on the books today. On the BI matter, I think why you're not hearing everything is because quite honestly it's going pretty well. I think the vast majority of courts both state and federal are interpreting the policy language as we've anticipated. I think you've heard me say that our policy language is clear unambiguous. The virus does not cause physical damage to the property. Shutdowns were governments-ordered for safety reasons. And I think it will ultimately continue to play out favorably over time. We haven't changed our reserve posture. We continue to carry expense reserves for litigation. But we do not carry any incurred losses for business interruption exposures.
Chris Swift: Yes. Elyse, I'll comment on sort of the why and then Beth could comment on the details. So, as I tried to say in our opening it just -- as we got into this year, just -- we're more encouraged on the economy and the recovery. You could feel our growth orientation. You could see it in really our first quarter results, where topline is really moving from a growth side. And when you put it all together, we looked out over the number of years and we just have greater clarity and certainty that the pandemic is in the rearview mirror. And we upped our share authorization that the Board ultimately supported.
Chris Swift: Yes, Mark. I would say, we have plenty of capital to fund all our growth ambitions. So, it's not a -- I'll call it either-or decision. We have capital to grow. We expect to generate additional capital in the future, and – but I think that, the simple fact is, we have been, I thought wise during the pandemic with our capital and making sure that we can absorb any potential shocks that still might be out there. And then as it relates to M&A, I think I've been pretty consistent. It's just a low priority for us right now. And the reason it's a low priority is, I really believe we have everything as I say colloquially in the building to compete over the long term. It's maturing it, it's making sure our agents and brokers fully understand all our capabilities that we've built, or added over the years, and that's what we're focused on. And I think that's an appropriate strategy for where we are in our development right now.
Chris Swift: Yeah. I would just share with you we're still in a pandemic, so that did not happen. And if you really look at our statements and our messages that, the Board has put out, I mean, it's pretty clear that we had no interest in doing that, because of ultimately the conviction and commitment around executing our business plan. So that's what I would say, Tracy.
Chris Swift: Yeah. I would just generally characterize it as a term and condition that Boy Scouts agreed to that ultimately tried to be equitable with all carriers in their exposures, and not favor one group versus the other. So it works as a most-favored-nations type clause.
Chris Swift: Yeah, you're right. Yeah, Brian, you're right. I'm not going to talk about it, because I think our statements are clear and unambiguous as far as our intentions, our views. We know our fiduciary duties. So that's all I'm going to say, Brian.
Chris Swift: Yes. It's probably the biggest item. So I think you've just got to go back update your models, put everything that we talked about into your models today and I think you will be very pleased. 
Chris Swift: Obviously, we don't project and guide to reserve releases because we make our best estimates every quarter. But I think some analysts as you know do take a view and do their own homework on reserves and potential releases. And I think those that do their homework and really understand the reserving philosophy and how we've set our picks over the last couple years will come to a point of view that is most likely positive. 
Chris Swift: Sure, David. I think, the simple answer is, we've talked about it in the past that the year-over-year improvements and incidences being driven down in recoveries and in favorable developments -- favorable prior year developments, all is going to sort of revert back to a mean. And what that really means is that our current accident year, in essence, accident year loss ratios we established are going to be closer to ultimate than they were five years ago when they were quite a bit higher. So it's still a margin -- a 6% to 7% margin in that business still produces a solid double-digit ROE. IRRs are strong. So it's a healthy margin. But particularly with all the prior year reserve releases, we just don't see that happening going forward, just because our current picks are established a lot lower.
Chris Swift: Yes, I think, you got it right. I mean, it is a good business. It's a growing business. It's creating shareholder value. We get nice returns and dividends. It's a high IRR, ROE business. And we view it as an investment. It's sort of a stand-alone business unit in Pennsylvania, Philadelphia. It doesn't take very much management time. And I think we enjoy the benefits of a business unit that is growing in value creating value. And as long as they remain relevant, we're happy to own it. It shares the Hartford brand name with us. That means something in sort of the independent investment adviser space so -- but I view it as an investment, totally, David.
Chris Swift: Jimmy, I'll start. Again, I'm not going to comment. I think our disclosures on this, again, were crystal clear, as far as what the Board went through and why it decided what it did. And beyond that I'm not going to comment any further, Jimmy.
Beth Costello: Thank you, Chris. Earlier today, we reported first quarter core earnings of $203 million or $0.56 per diluted share. Core earnings were down 58% in the quarter primarily due to the impact of three significant items.
Beth Costello: Yes. Then Elyse, as it relates to funding, the share repurchases for this year it really is a combination of using cash at the holding company, as well as increasing slightly the dividend that we'd expect from the P&C subsidiary. So we had said about $850 million to $900 million. And we're probably going to be more in like the $900 million to $1.1 billion for this year.
Beth Costello: Yes. I would definitely see it in that range to maybe even slightly higher. But yes, that's what we're thinking about.
Beth Costello: So, I'll start and then I'll let Doug follow up. But as we think about those -- that two points I would say it's roughly half and half between loss ratio and expense ratio improvement.
Beth Costello: Yeah. So when we make our projections, we really look at sort of just following the forward curve, and what we would expect to see there. And again, even though rates are going up, just because they're going up in the near term, we'd expect to see some marginal benefit from that. But really that comes out in the outer years, just given the way that our portfolio turns over. And so when I think about investment yield sort of ex limited partnerships over the next two years, I kind of see it, sort of consistent with where we are today.
Beth Costello: The only thing I would add to that is, I do think given the color that we provided on what we expect for underlying margin improvement in commercial lines and I think that's another factor to be looked at. And again, I think we've provided some road map there for folks to absorb. 
Beth Costello: Yeah. So Josh, I think, you're misreading that. We haven't disclosed specifically, what component of the general liability piece was Boy Scouts. But I can tell you it was a significant piece of that. So I wouldn't do a significant read-through, as it relates to more current years for general liability.
Beth Costello: Yeah. No. I think broadly in commercial, I agree. If you back out the general liability piece and you can see that, we continue to have favorable development in workers' compensation and package business. So, yeah, I think the trends are pretty clearly laid out in our investor financial supplement.
Beth Costello: Yeah. So for the workers' compensation piece, it's really more in the 2017 and prior, is where that favorability is coming from, very limited in the current years, because again it takes a little bit for those to season. And I would say the same thing with the package business it's more, 2015 and prior.
Doug Elliot: Thanks Beth. Over the past few years, I've shared a series of priorities providing updates along the way. To summarize we have been increasing the breadth and depth of our product offerings, reshaping our portfolio and investing in new capabilities for the benefit of customers, distribution partners and our underwriters. The success of those efforts supported by a firm ex-workers' compensation pricing environment is producing consistent ex-COVID underlying margin expansion including 4.3 points in quarter 1. The global pandemic certainly interrupted the potential for top line momentum in 2020 creating an important inflection point for 2021. First quarter Property & Casualty written premium grew 2% driven by a strong Commercial Lines result of 4%. I'm pleased with our underlying first quarter results and what it portends for the rest of the year. I'll start with a few headlines before diving deeper into the micro story. The P&C underlying combined ratio of 89.4% was outstanding. Commercial Lines produced a stellar ex COVID underlying combined ratio of 90.1% and Personal Lines contributed with an underlying combined ratio of 83.5%. Small Commercial new business grew 12% during the first three months contributing to our largest premium quarter ever. Spectrum's momentum continued with new written premium growth of 32% a record new business level beating quarter four of 2020. April new business in Small Commercial also look strong and we are encouraged by the tailwinds of increasing new business formations. According to the US Census new business applications were up 62% in the first quarter. Global Specialty written premium increased 13% including new business growth of 10%. With underwriting actions largely behind us, retention has improved across the board. In the quarter the breadth of our growth was very strong led by 18% in wholesale, 13% in US financial lines and 29% in international. Global Re also had an excellent quarter with gross written premium growth of 12%. Across the franchise cross-sell activities have been robust outperforming our original deal expectations. Cross-sell premium between Global Specialty and Middle Market business drove $23 million of new business in the first quarter and $157 million of new business since the Navigators acquisition. This success has been fueled by our now broadened specialty capabilities, as well as deepened relationships with retail brokers. Over the last 18 months we have added nearly 1200 product lines and over 250 accounts for our customers that span both Middle Market and Global Specialty books.
Doug Elliot: Sure. So as, I think, about our markets and I know, you know, this much of the pricing activity that has occurred in a positive way over the last couple years sits in the Middle Market and the specialty franchises. So we'll start with specialty. If you think about some of the products that we deliver to the market, we've seen quite strong pricing now moving into a third renewal. And at some point, as you work your way through those pricing trends, even from points that needed quite a bit of pricing, we feel like we're in a much better state. Loss trends, we're still staying on top of loss trends. But if you think about the specialty lines, we just look across that portfolio given our pricing and re-underwriting actions I think you have to look at them in a combination sense. We feel very good about our selections and just see strong ROE and strong margin performance that has improved over the last couple years. The same is largely true in Middle and Large Commercial. If you go back and look at our trends that we've shared particularly ex workers' comp pricing, a strong run over five or six quarters, coupled with our underwriting actions that book is much more rate-adequate today across sectors, across geographies. And we feel good as we look into the latter half of 2021 into 2022.
Doug Elliot: And Elyse, as we think about pricing, although we did not disclose and will not disclose all the specific details, generally, as we work our way through '21, we expect to see more of what we saw in the first quarter. And as we move into '22, we think pricing probably will come off a little bit, but still in shape to deal with loss cost trend in various lines.
Doug Elliot: Certainly, in 2021 on the written side, it suggests several quarters that look like the first quarter. And then, I think we'll have to see about '22 and '23 as we get there, but generally a stable slightly improving workers' comp pricing environment.
Doug Elliot: I would say it's a multifaceted answer. There's geography, there's class, there's size. There are all different dynamics in it. And what I tried to say in my opening answer to a question is that, generally across our books of business, we are feeling much more rate-adequate today. So that does change our competitive mode in the marketplace. But it is all driven by line, it's driven by account experience and so like it is so hard to just give you one answer that fits everything. There's a different set of priorities we have in global specialty and you can see the progress we've made there.  And then I will offer that the power that the re-underwriting retuning these books of business have transformed themselves over the past 18 months is also very much a part of our loss performance today. So I would never use the words foot off the accelerator. I don't think about it like that. What I care deeply about is our returns by line, our retentions across key customer segments, our segmentation strategies et cetera. And I feel right now when I look across our books very solid about where we are and how we move into the latter half of 2021 as we manage all of those indicators. 
Doug Elliot: On the workers' comp question, Jimmy, I would say this, as we come through the pandemic out the back side of it, we're watching carefully frequency and severity. We've had our eye on severity for the last couple of years, just wondering, might we see a little bit of a surge relative to long haulers on COVID, or other parts of our platform. But we have not come off our long-range assumptions for loss trend in either severity. And, yes, we do expect frequency will return to more normal levels, as we get out into 2021 second half and 2022.
Doug Elliot: Josh, most of those states we have now implemented that activity effective first of the year. It's going to take a little bit of time for that to work its way in. And obviously, it's a big component of our pricing, relative to the new auto product Prevail and our homeowners' product mid-summer. So, we expect in the future, you'll see more impact from, not only that but a number of changes we've made in the product profile going forward.
Doug Elliot: Josh, I would just add this. Maybe this will help a little bit. We were carrying reserves for BSA prior to this quarter, right? So we haven't disclosed all the particulars, but you just need to know that we've been following those activities over the last several quarters, several years et cetera. That just should be part of your analysis.
Doug Elliot: Meyer, we're watching all those signals obviously. And as we've shared this morning we think we have optimism in our top line approach. But clearly we're watching loss trends and liability, relative to courts becoming more open, as dockets fill up and begin to work their way through. We're watching the automobile market. We expect more cars on the highways, et cetera, so we're watching frequency there. We're watching across all our lines. We're watching our specialty lines D&O, management liability, employment practices et cetera. So, yes, we have our eye on the frequency dynamic and the severity component as well. This is an active time. The backside of 2021 will look different, we feel than the first six months of 2020. But we're encouraged and we'll stay vigilant. And we'll adjust pricing and appetite accordingly.
Doug Elliot: …number of employees? Okay. I mean pure wage should be a hedge against loss trend, just pure wage, so, whether it's merit of 2.5%, 3%. Now, if we talk about wages due to number of workers that is a different dynamic that we will manage our way through frequency and severity with.
