Doug Elliot: I guess I would just add, Chris, that I continue to think about our line profitability and our segment profitability, so feel very good about our auto progress but still more work to be done. We posted a 99.7 point of progress this year, but that doesn’t leave a lot of underwriting profit, and we still have more work to do in that line. So we will see how this plays out. A lot of our pricing actions are already determined for 2018, and we’re determined to improve our profitability, particularly in Middle Market and Personal Lines auto. So we will continue to talk about this and share as we go forward. I think it’s still early.
Doug Elliot: Kai, this is Doug. I would start by suggesting that over the next couple of quarters, you’ll see the written pricing come down a little bit. So our earned trends now that we’re achieving improved profitability are going to be slightly less than we’ve had in the past. The other thing is we had very good trends across our frequency and severity in 2017. Hard to suggest they’re going to repeat next year, so I – we try to be thoughtful and conservative in our selections going forward. I think those two combinations still imply that we will see improvement in the auto line underlying going forward. We’d love to see the same rate of change in 2018 that we saw in 2017. But we’ll have to see how that plays out.
Doug Elliot: Sure. Our overall workers’ comp performance has been very strong, and that goes back a number of years. And although we tweaked it a bit in 2017, I still look at the overall performance and feel very good about it, particularly in our Small Commercial world. So that’s just as a starter. As we move forward, I think our sophistication in underwriting and the work we’re doing in claim to work and combat, if you will, trends that we expect to see in medical and in wage, give me confidence that we will be able to continue to produce very solid returns, right? And I – every time I think about my answer on a workers’ comp question, I do ask you to think about Small versus National Accounts versus Middle Market. They compete very differently. The results vary. But in general, we look across our segments. We feel good about the line. Our trends have been very solid. The frequency has been in very good shape for a number of years. We’re watching severity around medical. It’s still better than historical norms, but we are watching the hospitalization end of those costs. And as we go forward, we’ll kind of compete month-by-month and quarter-by-quarter and make sure we’re reflecting that in the pricing accordingly.
Doug Elliot: Kai, let me add one other – as I was answering that question, I was thinking also about your Personal Lines question. I think we’ve shared in the past that we are going to ramp up our marketing spend in Personal Lines. So when you think about the overall combined ratio, expect to see a little bit more cost in the Personal Lines expense component of combined. That's also adding to a part of the answer that I shared with you.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, I would add as well that we're working mix of lines of business as well underneath the broad scenario. So as an example, I did talk about surety. Surety has been a growing – with a solid performance in 2017. Our top line in surety was up 10%. It's one of our outstanding return areas. We're going to do more in surety. And so we're also mixing the book underneath. Auto is showing signs of improvement in Commercial Lines as well as Personal Lines, so that's an improvement story. So we're battling hard to, number one, maintain the strong margins we've achieved, but to see if we can do a little bit better in 2018.
Doug Elliot: Elyse, just – I certainly echo all of Chris' focus comments on growth. The other thing I would just point out, I think I mentioned returning to mid-single digits as opposed to higher single digits. So I expect pricing over the next several quarters to be more in that five range than the higher single digits.
Doug Elliot: Let me try to tackle, Josh, that in a few pieces. Number one, we're certainly ramping up marketing, as I mentioned, so that we get more client contact, we get more inbound activity. And based on our marketing evidence in the last 90 days, that's happening. So we're feeling more flow. Second part is our ability to close, offer competitive prices and then close. And so we're focused on our skills on the phone. We're focused on our fine-tuning of our auto class plan. Again, this is a state-by-state mix dynamic. So there are a lot of dynamics that we are working on, all trying to improve our close ratio on those inbound calls. And again, we're going to continue to move our marketing spend up as we move throughout 2018. So I expect this to be a growing positive story, but we'll have to work our way through the first 90 days, and then we'll share progress as we move throughout the year.
Doug Elliot: Well, certainly, 2017, we've talked about them, right, so we feel very good. Our frequency has essentially been flat. We've had low severities, low single-digit severities. We are looking forward at similar frequency trends for 2018, and I would say small single-digit severity trends in the two to four range. So not a lot different in 2018 than what we think we're experiencing today, what we are expressing today. And that's as much as I want to give on the guidance front.
Doug Elliot: Where we have felt that strong economy certainly is in our Bond business with construction start-ups. We've had a number of nice opportunities in our construction unit, in new projects, shovels in the ground, et cetera. And obviously, we continue to fill in Small Commercial. So the start-ups, the new economy, the small employee groups, under five, where we have a terrific product, and we have a lot of focus in that micro segment of Small. So those areas are clearly signs that we're bullish about. And I think we'll see more of that as we move through 2018. Overall, a solid economy is a good indicator of workers' comp and disability. So we understand that our trends relative to employment are good signals for key lines for us. And we have our fingers crossed that we'll see a very solid economy moving forward that we'll be able to grow from moving into 2018.
Doug Elliot: Jimmy, there are still states that we are working on. So we’ve achieved rate adequacy in a number of states, the large majority of the states, certainly majority. But there’s still a couple of key states that are working. And California is one of those states that made a lot of progress, but we have a little bit more work to do as we move into 2018.
Doug Elliot: And Jimmy, you know how far in advance this book works, right? So we didn’t expect to see much shock lapse in 2018 because much of that had been renewed over the course of the spring and summer months, certainly, the National Account book. We are right in the throes of working hard on the 2019 book. Chris and I are heavily involved in the key account decisions. So literally, I felt like we have information we’re not sharing. We are working over the next 90 to 120 days on key 2019 renewals. And I think we’ve built in some shock, but based on what we’ve seen so far, we feel very good about the way the integration’s going, the sales force coming together, the tools and technology road map. So I’m optimistic about how this is coming together, and I think our plans are well-thought-out.
Beth Bombara: Right. So looking at 2018, we’d expect to pay little to no tax in 2018. As it relates to the AMT credits that we’ll be able to monetize over time, that will really start when we file our 2018 tax return in 2019. So we’ll start to see those cash flows coming through as well. So when we look at both our NOLs and AMT credits and based on our current projections for taxable income, we’d expect to monetize those over the next three to four years.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So Jay, I'll go back to the comments that we made in the fourth quarter when we stopped our share buyback due to the Aetna acquisition. We'll be back to you when we have a new capital management plan. But right now, we're focused on closing Talcott, and then we'll evaluate what the best use of that capital is and the timing, but not prepared to talk today about expectations for 2018.
Beth Bombara: Yes. So we estimate that when we look at the costs that aren’t transferring with the transaction, it’s probably $35 million to $40 million annually, and we expect to eliminate those stranded costs over the next 18 to 24 months. So I don’t see that as being a significant drag for our businesses. You’ll see some of those costs in the corporate line until we close. But again, when you think about the size of our expense base, it’s a pretty small amount.
Beth Bombara: Yes, that’s how I’m defining stranded. I’m looking at all the costs that we previously allocated to Talcott, looking at those things that I know we’re transferring, those things that we know will just get eliminated right away. And then this is the – really the overhead piece that we have to address.
Beth Bombara: It’s already – it’s in the corporate line. It’s kind of hard to see for the quarter, but yes, it’s in the corporate line.
Chris Swift: Elyse, it's Chris. I would say, from a higher level, yes, generally the case. I mean, we think we could obviously get some rate in the book. We're going to try to manage frequencies and severities to a good outcome, but we are going to continue to invest in the organization, both IT, digital product. I would say that our expenses issue were probably a little elevated, primarily compensation related from our goals in performance side. So I would say that there is going to be a reversion to the mean going forward on compensation costs. But as far as investments in those areas that I described, that'll continue at a healthy pace.
Chris Swift: Elyse, it's Chris. I would say, again, as I pivoted, and Doug has been talking about, too, I mean, we're trying to return to growth, right? I mean, we've had to take some aggressive actions with the book in shrinking it. So I would say that the growth aspect of it will contribute to obviously an expanding combined ratio while we continue to manage loss cost in trends. And I would say, again, it's going to be a dynamic marketplace out there, too. I mean, there is a lot of strong competition in this area. We're focused in on the more of the mature market segment with a value proposition that is somewhat different. So we remain confident that we can grow and return to the higher levels of premium volumes, which should also generate some relief on the expense ratio. But make no mistake, I mean, it's still going to be very, very competitive.
Chris Swift: Jay, it's Chris. I think the – I probably led that charge on the improvement. And I would say, generally, directionally, we still see it, but I mean, there's going to be some competing forces, right? So we always try to stay focused on hand on what we need to do in 2018 that sets up a good 2019. So know our focus is on executing, particularly as it relates to standing up Talcott as a separate company, integrating Aetna and making sure we're getting all the expense saves out of there, which obviously from an earnings side, I will contribute in 2019. But on the other hand, we are – with that 11% to 12% guide, that does reflect a significant tax benefit in 2018 that we'll have to see how that plays out in 2019 and 2020 and beyond. So that would be the only caveat that I would share with you. There could be some competing forces that impact that trend going forward.
Chris Swift: Jimmy, it’s Chris. All the – and Doug made the commentary on it. All the data that we see, we knew going into it. We’re not surprised. We are obviously trying to renew as much of that business as possible. We understood their pricing approach and philosophy. We’re harmonizing it with ours. We’ll be thoughtful. I would still say that, again, the guidance that we provided, I mean, there is a tolerance for shock lapses in 2018 that we’re going to try to manage to avoid. But I think we have a reasonable to conservative plan on premiums from a lapse side. And Doug, I know we got weekly integration meetings, and we’re trying to manage to outperform that, Jimmy, but I don’t think there’s any surprises. And we’ve got similar experience with profit improvement on certain accounts in our book over the years, and we’ll execute very thoughtfully. 
