Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. With a strong Q3 completed, we have a good momentum to finish 2018 and a solid foundation to build upon for next year. We will share our guidance for 2019 at our year-end call in February. We are focused on initiatives across the company to support our vision to be the World Leader in the integrated containment and delivery of injectable drugs; focused execution of our market led plan will result in above market organic sales growth, gross and operating margin expansion, EPS to free cash flow growth, and ROIC expansion. We have a great team and we're well-positioned to deliver on our commitments to our customers, patients, and to shareholders for both the short and long-term. Haily, we will open and take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Great, good morning Paul and thanks for the question. We started thinking about the investments we made in Ireland is really twofold, one is in Waterford. We had our first two shipments, two different products one is high-value product finishing, the other one is products used in the diabetes care market. Those particular -- those particular products shipped at the end of Q3 and as you can imagine utilization of that plant is very low at this point. And so over the next coming quarters, we'll continue to transfer product into Waterford but also new projects, customers have asked us to take on especially on Westar Select. Up in Dublin, we've expanded, as you know, on our Contract Manufacturing sites, we have new technology put into the facility particularly focused on diagnostics and diabetes-related delivery devices. I would say at that point in time, we're built -- we're ramping up, we're clearly nowhere near a 100%, I would say more around the 50% range at this point in time and we have room for additional growth of those -- of that particular plant. So two stories really for the different locations. From a new product point of view, Paul, our growth the high-value product is the core fundamental growth of West and what we continue to see is our teams in the market units are putting together very clear value proposition. If I use AccelTRA as an example, I can tell you that the expectations of the customer uptick on sample and discussions with our customers is far exceeding our expectations at this point. I think resonate very well on the generic space. We're also having expanded our NovaPure product portfolio such as Syringe Plungers and also looking at more capacity. From a device point of view, we just started early tourney on SelfDose with the level of interest continues to climb, we're very confident that SelfDose will have another growth driver and high-value products in the near future. And I can't take -- miss the opportunity to say SmartDose is also -- the increase is really taken off. The last question on administration systems, the Vial2Bag, the capacity put in Puerto Rico where first shipments are coming up this quarter is more of a pull versus a push. So I'm very confident administration systems will drive another lever of growth in our proprietary portfolio.
Eric Green: Paul, one of the -- if you look back Paul to 2017 the impact on our EPS is about $0.44 based on the stock-based comp and if you look at year-to-date what we've produced today in our results is about $0.18. That gives you kind of the large swing that we've had over the last two years on the stock-based compensation tax benefit.
Eric Green: Yes, David thanks for the call and good morning. When I look at the -- what we've historically talked about the financial construct for West, I see no change in and so I think about the overall performance of the company from the top-line and also from a margin expansion point of view. So what we've decided especially with Bernard new to the characterization is to take the opportunity to really think about let's just finish the year strong for 2018 and we will give clear guidance in the early part of 2019 and how we look at that that full-year but also well beyond that.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, that's correct. When you think about the self-injection is really around the SmartDose at this -- today, but when we start think about looking the out years we still remain confident and that's just the products that's in commercial phase but there's several development improvements that we have in place that we're working towards. So that gives us confidence about the future opportunity with SmartDose. And in regards to the Core Elastomer high-value products, we've worked with a few customers on transitioning from existing configuration to a future state configuration and in order to do that appropriately, we were seeing them destock and then ramp up. I can assure you that one of those customers, their entire injectable medicine portfolio is on West or West is on their entire portfolio. So we're confident of the future growth it's just the timing. I just want to put in perspective the Biologic units is significantly less than 10% of number of units we've produced in our Proprietary business units. So you can imagine a shift towards one large customer has a significant impact on the volume component. But we're close to these customers, we're confident; we're for long-term viability and success.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry that's a great question. When I look at where we are today and we could talk about some of the pressures we had in 2018 particularly around Contract Manufacturing. The top-line is growing extremely fast but the margin expansion was not there actually contracted and that was really due to start-up costs associated bringing on people and facilities and frankly our customers have to support forward in manufacturing more volume today than we would have few quarters down the road and that's why we've got such a high growth rate. And the demand for their products the market is exceeding what we could supply at this point in time. So it's a good situation, where we had growing pains of getting the facilities up and running the last couple of quarters and we're working through that in Q4 we will be back to more steady state going into 2018. So it's one of the pressures that we had. But I also want to comment that this One West system that we put in place over the last year, year-and-a-half through our global operations is gaining traction. And we're sort of thinking about proprietary having over 100 basis point expansion on the margin with its softness in biologic which tends to be the highest margin portfolio we have gives you a clear indication of how much traction we can gain by continuously leveraging this mindset of clearly looking global and leveraging our existing asset base. So while there might be a few headwinds we may face in the future, we will overcome them through these initiatives we have in place and continue to see the margin expansion in the broader business.
Eric Green: Yes. So when we look at the programs that are put in place and the team that's leading that, they're hitting their milestones. So I'm confident that we will continue to see the consolidations take place we are working with our customers to ensure smooth transition as we move couple of plants to other locations. So we're on track.
Eric Green: Yes, so when you think about the growth that we had specifically in the Vial2Bag just to recall our -- the investments we made in Puerto Rico which is one of our contract manufacturing space with their expertise core competencies around injection molding, so we're able to bring that production expansion in Puerto Rico and they're just starting to ramp up as we speak at this point in time. The growth that you've seen in Pharma for Q3 in particular has mostly been around the high-value product, conversions, and a little bit of the year-over-year comparison perspective. The incremental growth in that unit, smaller portion was actually attributed to administration systems. There was growth there but it's a smaller, smaller element of growth, it's actually less than 5% of total sales is what our administration systems are in the Pharma unit.
Eric Green: Yes, Dana absolutely. The opportunity we have with biologics what's really exciting is our customers are adapting the higher portfolio within high-value products. I will give an example there's more interest in NovaPure and so the higher you go in that that spectrum a continuum that we have value continuum, the better the margins are. So it should be a natural lift that we'll see in our -- due to the biologic stronger performance in the coming quarters.
Eric Green: Derik, it's a bit early what we're going through our forecast right now and as we already mentioned, we give full guidance on our Q4 call but just to again put it in context, we're looking at above market organic growth and growth in operating margin expansion into 2019.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik I will just add to this absolutely, I mean it is if you have seen in last 10 years, I mean the change back I can tell you from our view of the business, we still remain very confident and we don't see a change. However we've decided to give the full-guidance in greater detail and transparency in our February call going forward.
Bernard Birkett: That's difficult for us to determine because it's completely outside of our control, that's people exercising options. On a ballpark, we're estimating about a $1 million potential impact again, but that's for Q4, but again that's something that's hard for us to predict.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, if we're looking at longer-term and we're not planning to do any major construction projects or anything in the short to medium-term future, so obviously that has an impact on the level of CapEx that we're going to have on the guidance that we've given and particularly for 2018, and I would -- looking to 2019, we will firm up the numbers for 2019, as Eric said, when we give overall guidance. But that, that's one of the major drivers there that we don't really foresee those large building projects and also we're really focused on focusing on utilization of the existing asset base that we have and driving more out of the investments that we've already made. So again not looking to add really large amounts of CapEx. When we look at CapEx, we divided into three areas, we're looking at maintenance which is probably just under 50% and then the balance really focused on growth and investments in our IT systems.
Bernard Birkett: We're expecting to see some improvement in the fourth quarter, so we wouldn't be looking at another decline and then weren't expecting to see growth rates ramp as we go through 2019.
Bernard Birkett: Just to put that in context, there are a number of drivers that we have for gross margin expansion and leading to operating margin expansion. So biologics will affect mix and that's one of them and then obviously on the operational cost down strategies in One West Systems that we have in place, so we are not just reliant on one area for margin expansion, there are a number of things that will drive it.
Bernard Birkett: Versus our original forecast we're entering we have 120 versus 115, we expect that's about a $7 million impact on the quarter.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, I can give you the -- it's slightly above end of the year; I'm sorry December of 2017 number it's roughly $263 million. And I -- let me be clear though, there's some operating changes that we've made to better service our customers. One is our cycle times, lead times have dropped considerably over the last 12 to 18 months, I mean you're talking almost in many cases 2 to 1 ratio. And then, secondly, we have with a couple of our large customers more of a just in time model that we put in place that allows us to plan manufacturing at a very short period of time for these particular customers. So it’s more of a plan pull effect from our operations into their operations. So I can't sit here and say that is an absolute like for like number, in fact I would say that would be somewhat deflated because of the initiatives that we put in place.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it's really my perspective on really providing information to the market, I think we've given a holistic view of how we see our business growing in 2019 and it would be above market, the comp structure are the same, our focus is the same improving gross margin, operating margin and EPS and so it's -- there isn't any reason other than that.
