Eric Green: Yes, Larry, good morning and great question. So, we actually went through a pretty detailed process over the last three months and it’s one of the actions that I wanted to take as I stepped into the role here at West. And we pulled in a number of our colleagues around the world, different disciplines, different expertise in the industry. And the process we used was I want to refer to as a bottoms-up approach. We took a look at the end markets. We took a look at where it’s attractive to play such as we mentioned earlier about the biologics, the branded pharma, the generic space. And we have identified that our portfolio and the high value products portfolio plays very nicely on the trend of the marketplaces. So when we pulled these numbers together to represent and present to you today, we did take a look at what we currently have, the pipelines and also where the market’s going and took advantage of that opportunity. Now, I’ll turn it to Bill to talk a little bit about how do we got to the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, because there is a currency impact when you look at prior year guidance.
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, when you look at the high-value products portfolio and the continued growth that we’ve seen in strong double digits this year, we believe that will carry into 2016. When it comes to the proprietary technologies around SmartDose and CZ, while we believe that there’s attractive growth in that area, and in fact we’re looking at about a 50% growth on that portfolio, but, again, that’s a small piece of our entire business at this point. With the recent announcement with Amgen, and it was discussed on their call last night, we’re in a good position with, when we talk about the wearable injector being part with Repatha going forward, but it’s too premature to start talking about volumes and revenues at this point.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it’s a good question, and the way you phrased that, high-class problem, is a good way to describe it. We’ve had an increase in demand a little greater than we anticipated when it comes to specifically around the Westar RS portfolio, which is primarily driven out of one plant where the backlog started to increase, and that’s our Jersey Shore facility in Northern Pennsylvania. Now, what we have done is obviously we’re in direct communication with our customers on a constant basis, but what we have done is we’ve employed strong lean manufacturing principles at that site, and we’ve already seen significant benefits on throughput in the last several weeks in our facility. So, we believe this is an issue driven by customer demand that we’re able to contain and to work through over the next number of months. Now, I do want to comment that in addition to improving the productivity of our Jersey Shore facility, the Kingston, North Carolina investment that we’ve made is coming online right now with validation with customers so we can alleviate some of that bottleneck through our new facility in North Carolina. So it’s - we’re managing through this. We believe we have our hands firmly around this situation. We’re working with our customers. And we believe we will continue to be able to support the growth that we’re seeing with that portfolio.
Eric Green: Yes, it’s Erik, and just to reiterate, and we spent a tremendous amount of time looking into the details about the markets and where we currently are and what are the expectations going forward. We are focused on the more attractive markets that are growing in the double-digits. And so, our belief on the high-value products portfolio is that we’ll continue to be able to service our customers globally to be able to continue with that market trend. In addition, if you look at some of the geographic presence that we currently have today, it gives us another lever to continue to drive additional growth to West. It’s particularly around the - what we call the PPS business today.  When you turn your attention towards more the PDS, the proprietary around CZ and SmartDose, those are really in smaller phases today. But we’re seeing strong signals of acceptance and then the pipeline of going forward. There could be some timing issues as we look over the next short term, i.e., one or two years. But the responses we’re getting from customers give us confidence that we do have the right value proposition with those new innovations and technologies. So that really focuses on the top line.  When you look at the margin expansion, Derik, there’s two levers that we have. Obviously price, let’s put aside price at this point when we look at the operational excellence capabilities we have at West today. We do have 28 manufacturing sites around the world. We do have the ability to leverage and start utilizing our existing assets a little differently than we’ve had historically. So, I think there’s an opportunity that clearly has been vetted on the margin expansion going forward.
Eric Green: Derik, when we look at the outlook of the impact of potential for the consolidation in the industry, for us at West it’s a minimal impact because many of our products are already in the commercial phase and therefore whether it’s two firms or one firm coming together we are able to continue to supply and capture those revenues going forward. I think where you see a little bit of potential delay is in the development arena when the two companies do consolidate, which could push out a couple of projects a little bit longer than we would anticipate. But overall if you look at our business it’s very low impact for West.
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, no, when we look at our global operations, and one of the areas that we’re looking at is to implement more around lean manufacturing capabilities, because we do have tremendous assets on the ground today, and that has been one of the main reasons why West has been very successful. They refer to the moat around the business, right? And so we will continue to leverage the assets on a global basis. And we do believe through lean manufacturing and continuing the direction around network optimization, which we’ve discussed in the past, are levers that we will continue to pull aggressively to make sure that we are expanding our margins beyond just price and product mix.
Eric Green: No, Dave, I think there’s a couple of areas that we have is we are starting to use the nomenclature of centers of excellence around our key product portfolios, like high-value products, for example. We’re focusing in the future around three locations Singapore; Waterford, Ireland; and Kingston, North Carolina as the primary locations of centers of excellence. I think secondly is we do currently have regional infrastructure in Asia, Europe, and obviously here in the U.S., and we’re looking at how can we reinforce particularly markets where the attractiveness of growth is ahead of us, so, i.e., China. We have presence there, but how do we reinforce that and continue to have the strong double digits that we’ve been seeing this year? Also India we have a very strong presence. You go down to South America, Brazil, we have a pretty strong presence there in addition. So those are the areas that we’ll reinforce to make sure that we have the capabilities in the regions to be able to service the customers locally and to respond to their needs on a local basis.
Eric Green: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for your time today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call in February. Thank you very much.
Bill Federici: Yes, thank you, Eric. And as Eric mentioned, when we looked at our long-term plans last year, the value of the euro was a lot higher. It was $1.25 per euro, whereas now we’re using an assumption of $1.10.
Bill Federici: That on order of magnitude was about $175 million worth of sales difference in and of itself. In terms of the makeup, the other part of your question about what is included, just as a reminder, of the top 35 biologics by IMS data, we or Daikyo components are on each of those top 35.
Bill Federici: Sure, Larry. The pension expense will go up a little bit versus the current year, approximately $2 million. And, again, that depends on what happens with discount rates.
Bill Federici: And the reason that it’s counterintuitive is that you have - the way pension accounting works you’ve had a whole bunch of unamortized losses in the past that have been accumulated on the balance sheet. So that charge that you see is basically the acceleration of some of that unamortized loss. It’s a noncash charge, and you set that aside. So going forward, though, you’ve used assets to pay for that, for the annuity purchase
Bill Federici: And therefore, earning the rate of return in the assumptions that are used by the actuaries to set the pension expense. And there’s a rate arbitrage there between the rate that you’re earning, which is roughly rough order of magnitude 7% versus the discount rate, which is 4.5%. So that difference you’re losing on all of those assets. So going forward your pension expense increases a little bit.
Bill Federici: And we reduce the amount of PBGC premiums from the fact that we have 1,700 less retirees in the plan.
Bill Federici: So, let me take the first part of it, Derik. The one thing you have to remember, and we talked about it with Larry, is that there’s a very large currency difference assumption in those models, whether you look at the prior year or prior years before that. We were operating in a much different currency environment versus the U.S. dollar. So they were - one year it was $1.33, another was $1.25. So the - this year, if you just want to use the 2019 numbers we predicted last year versus this year, the currency impact alone is $175 million.
Bill Federici: So your $100 million change is really not significant when you take the currency impact out from those years.
Bill Federici: Yes, sure. We mentioned two things, Derik. The first one was that in February of 2016 we have our Series B euro notes, rough order of magnitude $70 million, mature. And the second thing is that we have looked at this build that we have in Ireland, and we have a significant amount of CapEx that we’re going to be going through. So, we look at those, at the cash to be able to help those as well as other general corporate uses.
Bill Federici: Yes, Dave, thank you. And they - we talked about the quarter being slightly down for those products. Medimop was slightly lower. We do expect that category, as Eric mentioned in his commentary, to rebound in Q4. We see strong growth coming out of those proprietary products. Going forward beyond, we do see lots of opportunities for the Medimop reconstitution products and expect that that will continue to grow for us as we go forward.  Just as with all of these proprietary device products, there is very small bases, Dave. So even Medimop, which has relatively been in the market for a long time, is still only a $50 million a year product line for us. Safety, which is the other commercialized proprietary product portfolio, is running around $20 million this year. So they’re small. They will continue to grow nicely. We believe that that strategy, these are products that are needed by our customers, who continue to work on development with us in those arenas. And we don’t expect these to be a major contributor to the kind of growth in delivery systems that we see for SmartDose and CZ, but we do see them as being nice contributors and nice growers going forward.
Bill Federici: Again, thanks, Dave. We have been talking in the past about it getting to a point - right now it’s about 75/25, 75% contract manufacturing, 25% proprietary. We’ve been talking for years about getting towards that 50/50 milestone of mix proprietary versus contract manufacturing, and we still see that as being our guidepost for this 2020. Now, all that being said, we have, as you see in the release and in Eric’s comments, put a $200 million revenue range in the plan. And, to be honest, that’s - a lot of that is due to the fact that we do not control the timing of our customers’ development and commercialization of CZ and SmartDose. So, we cannot put a single stake in the ground for you, but I can tell you that we still have high confidence that we will be marching consistently towards that 50/50 milestone that we’ve set for ourselves.
Bill Federici: Absolutely, can do that for you, Dave, easy. So, it’s consistent with what we’ve said in the past. High-value products are running gross margin over the last five years about 55% versus standard packaging, which is around just under 30%. And those are not exact, but those are good mileposts for you going forward. On the delivery systems side, contract manufacturing, we are slightly less than 20% on a contract manufacturing gross margin basis, whereas with proprietary today we’re not that much better. We’re probably in the high 20s, low 30s, but that’s really volume related, not pushing - not having as much throughput through those plants on a very lumpy, as we said, basis for those products. When we go out further in the plan we see our margins getting into, for those types of products, for the proprietary delivery system products, being in the high 30s. In fact, some of them, like Medimop, are 49% already as they’re commercialized, but from the high 30s into - up to 50% gross margin.
