Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. And once again, welcome to West. It’s great to have you on the team. As we look to the remainder of 2018, we believe our long-term growth trajectory remained strong. Through the execution of our market led strategy, we are making good progress against our goals and objectives for the year. We are growing proprietary and contract manufacturing sales by engaging our customers within the generics, biologics and pharma markets. We are developing and introducing new high-quality products and services to address unmet customer needs. And we are leveraging our global operations to operate more efficiently and effectively. These efforts are returning value to our customers and to our shareholders. Our continued progress makes us confident in our growth targets for the short and long-term, and we look forward to successful second half of 2018. Sarah, we are ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes, David, good question. Let me take into two parts, if you don’t mind. One is let’s talk about the gross margins. So we look at, we have two business of the Proprietary and Contracts. Obviously, Proprietary, we had higher gross margin in that particular business about 180 basis points expansion. It’s inclusive of about 120 basis point headwind of Waterford. And that really is driven by the high value products. So as we talked about is that the power and – of the high value products, really does drive margin expansion as we grow that business near double-digits. In the contract manufacture specifically, you absolutely right, we had the headwinds in the quarter of due to labor and operational startup. And we believe that anticipating very quickly. And the reason for that is because specifically towards ramping up in two particular areas, continuous glucose monitoring devices that we manufacture out of Arizona and out of Dublin. The demand from our customers is ramping little faster than we anticipated. And the second area is around injection device for the diabetes market, we’ve also seen very nice expansion there. If you look at the growth of those two particular areas, that’s one of the major drivers. We have 17% topline growth and Contract Manufacturing expects strong second half for this year. So we believe and as Bernard mentioned in his discussion, the gross margin for the Contract Manufacturing will become more in line in the second half of this year and you should start to see the improvement immediately in this quarter.
Eric Green: No. The high value product growth that we’re experiencing the double-digit for Q2, we strongly believe that consistently that business over a period of time should be growing high single or double. So we believe its now in the corridor that we anticipate, not just for about this year, but going into 2019 and beyond. Just to remind ourselves on this that the volume of units for high value products still less than 20% of our total volumes that we produce annually. So we do believe that the growth trajectory for HVP still has some ways to go.
Eric Green: I can – I’m pleased to tell you, we will have some revenue in Q3, however. Obviously, we need to do a ramp-up both for insulin sheeting and HVP final product – finishing of the final product out of that facility. So there will be some revenue. It won’t take – it won’t absorb that $4 million headwind that we had in Q2, 100%. We do believe this is going to take some time. We do have those orders in hand. We are processing them as we speak. And we’ll ramp up gradually over the next several quarters.
Eric Green: Yes. Actually it’s – we are actually pleased with the progress, and the reason for that is in the first quarter, we had participated with two customers that were approved of final product into the marketplace. The interest level continues to rise. We are seeing various from early stages to Phase I, II and III, all the way up to the recent drug filings for approval as I mentioned to in Q1. And we do have line of sight of another product was submitted for approval. So we are filling positive of Crystal Zenith, we start to thinking about the opportunities in that particular space, they’re still very pronounced especially in the Biologics area. But we are also starting to get interest in the areas of pharmaceutical. The Pharma market was small molecules. So it’s a slow journey, but we are pleased with what we’re seeing in the most recent years. That particular part of the business grew well in the double digits, but its from a small baseball, but expectations are still on track.
Eric Green: Yes, Dana, good morning and thanks for the question. We look at the Contract Manufacturing business. Just to give you a little dimension of that we mentioned about 88% or plus 90% of the business is healthcare. We’ve been making that transition away from consumer products and mostly focused around obviously, the healthcare, including diagnostics markets. And we are having some really good success. We believe that particular market is growing, let’s call it, mid-single digit. That’s our expectations. But we’re growing faster than that and it’s because of what you indicated, as we are having some competitive takeovers and winning new contracts. The two areas of that 90% – roughly 90%% of the business, above a little bit less than – about a half of it is really going into our Biologics customers. And give you an example, we are having ramp up I mean, injection device for the diabetes markets for one of our customers. And fortunately not just the Contract Manufacturing of the device, but we also participate with the NOVACHOICE plunger, which is a high value product for us in that particular that unit. The other part of the growth that we are seeing – that we saw in Q2, really is a continuous glucose monitoring devices, and again, both from Arizona and Dublin. Our production we have to continue to ramp up or had been asked to produce more volume, because the demand is there. And that’s very exciting. As we look forward Dana, we’re looking at areas of adding new capabilities around cold chain storage, drug handling. This is also attracting new customers and new projects. So I believe some of the volatility we are going to have. On a positive side, we’ll be to the new offerings that we’re going to be offering in the marketplace.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Dana. It’s really – I’m really pleased with the Generics team. I mean, obviously, if you look back to 2017, we had some challenges. And I truly believe based on interactions with customers, that was driven, primarily due to our inability to have shorter lead times for our customers in 2016. So we had a tremendous volume growth in 2016, 2017 customers gain confidence of our lead times are now well below – if you talk about 8 or 10 weeks versus 20 to 30 weeks. And that’s significant. We’re getting accolades from our customers now that’s changing the order patterns. So if you look at the growth we are seeing now, we think we have normalized when it comes to that inventory management cycle. We are seeing growth across all customer types large, midsize and small. Let’s take this part a little better. One is in Asia. That business continue to grow very fast, while in the double digits that we saw in Q1. We’re also seeing high value products growth in Generics continued to ramp up, probably a little bit faster we anticipated, that’s a good sign the program like AccelTRA, and our Westar RU and Envision is gaining traction in that particular space. So it’s across multiple customer segments, it’s not just one or two customers which I am pleased about. And it is across all geographies, and it’s really hitting more of our high value products and the standard products.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, this – you’re right in regards to new product pipeline, particularly in all three market units. We’re focused on converting our customers and having focused on high value products as they go through the process for approval. But we’re actually seeing good traction and conversion from standard to high value products. And in addition to that we are seeing, I don’t use the word, upgrades to Westar and Envision upgrades than from the standard products. So it’s not just moving to the high value products, we’re also seeing our customers move up the value curve, all the way up to NovaPure, and that is one of the elements that you see with that growth. Again, every time we are able to take our customer in the journey towards the ultimately the NovaPure offering, not just the ASP increased, but it’s also the margins increased associated to that. So it’s a combination of both, Larry.
Eric Green: Yes. That’s a good question, because the thesis behind this product portfolio is starting to look at our operations form over a process perspective than the site specifics. So one of the conversations we had historically is how do we start offering one DMF or Drug Master File for regulatory approval that crosses multiple sites. And you can imagine the benefit our customers, but also for us from an operation perspective that we can start level loading our operations. This is a journey, and it’s going to take some time to convert more customers towards that, but that was really one of the fundamental thesis around the state of the art facility built in Waterford. So you’re going to have customers looking at Kinston, Waterford and Singapore, and these approvals are made on process and not site-specific, which is a great opportunity. We also took the opportunity to improve on the formulation and the processes we put in place around the product to really drive the tighter tolerance around specifications. And you can imagine that resonates very well with our customers. So it is a journey. It’s going to take some time to adopt customers into the Westar Select, but this is a change that customers have been asking for a while, and now we have the capabilities of doing it.
Eric Green: Yes. So when we look at the capital expenditures, in the last several years, we had some significant spend on infrastructure. And while we feel really confident that we’re going to be able to leverage these new assets, i.e., the expansion in Kinston, the new facility in Waterford, we believe fundamentally with the new global operations approach that we can leverage our assets more effectively. We did reduce our guidance for this quarter and we’ll continue to assess because the traction has been very positive for the last few quarters. And will be able to be little bit more clear on our expectations going forward for the next few years probably later this year. But from my expectations is, we need to drive higher utilization of our existing assets to improve upon not just our margins, but our ROIC and other key metrics that is a clear indicator of the performance of the company.
Eric Green: Yes. That’s what we talked about as when we looked at our DSOs. We said that our receivable book balance had gone up in a part of that was down to the rev – changes in rev and rev rec. And it’s primarily we can’t recognize products when it finish that primarily relates to our contract manufacturing business.
Eric Green: The tooling for Q2 was relatively consistent to the Q2 of last year, except for about $2 million. So that’s the delta. We do have tooling almost on a quarterly basis, but the delta for Q2 is about $2 million.
Eric Green: No stocking orders. I mean, to be clear, there was an increase in demand from our customers to increase volume for our facilities, because their demand to their end markets are increasing. We started, to give you an example, in our – with some of the products in Dublin, we started this journey with a customer and utilization of the existing equipment, because that’s a ramp up process, we’re not at full capacity. So we do have the ability to put more product to the existing assets, which we’re currently working on, because we’re not going from 0 to 100 within the first couple of months. It’s been several months. We do believe by the end of the year will be pretty much full – full tilt on the current assets.
Eric Green: Can we give us a second here for one moment. We have it. So it’s about – the total value was about $700,000 per quarter. So that gives you a feeling of the impact of the pension accounting rules.
Eric Green: Yes, there’s two ways to look at it. One is in our Contract Manufacturing business, we do have agreements with our customers that when raw materials increase, escalate, we are able to pass along to our customers. So when we look at net price contribution for our business, it really is from a proprietary perspective, because it’s somewhat neutral when it comes to Contract Manufacturing. In the Proprietary business, we have hedging programs put in place for our key raw materials, and we also do adjust our prices on a regular basis to accommodate inflations that we may occur, whether from raw materials or others costs that we incur. So that’s to the extent that we see at this point to our business. We have the ability to pass through in appropriate ways.
Eric Green: No, absolutely. So within the high-value product portfolio, we are launching – it’s a journey. So if you start thinking about NovaPure, which is the highest quality, qualified – designed product portfolio within high-value products, we are seeing really good penetration there, very high growth, but again, it’s a small base, but this tends to be more in the pipeline molecules for new approvals. And we anticipate over the next several years for that to continue to grow. We also have the conversion towards Westar Select to leverage our operations that we invested in, both Kinston and Waterford. And that will also be a journey over the next couple of years. I’m very pleased on the initial response by our generics customers with AccelTRA. We launched that less than a year ago, but the number of samples and customers that are going through stability and approval processes gives us confidence that the whole value proposition is resonating with our customers, and you’ll see more conversion towards AccelTRA, again, a high-value product portfolio. And the last one I’m just thrilled to talk about is the devices side, where SelfDose, and that’s early into the marketplace, and we’ve been able to launch as a combination with one of our customers, combination device. And we are seeing positive response by other customers, and we believe in the next 12 to 18 months, we’ll have one or two more to share with you with the adoption of SelfDose. So I believe there’s multiple opportunities for West to continue to drive new innovations into the marketplace and you see a comment theme here that we’re pushing up on the value proposition, so that we continue to drive margin expansion through the mix shift.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. David good morning, and thank you for the question. In regards to the administration systems, specifically around Vial2Bag, we’re still on target with our capacity expansion for the second half of this year, which you rightly noted we’ll have a positive impact on our Pharma unit for the second half. What we experienced in Q2, specifically in the Pharma unit, is more around this effort around converting customers to high value products, specifically, in our elastomer – with our elastomers. And we talked about in past calls, where we have a few customers that are making that conversion from standard to high value products. And it does take time. It’s a journey. But we’re seeing good progress, good traction, and it’s a little bit stronger than we anticipated in Q2.
Bernard Birkett: It does in the sense David that, as they convert from standard to high value products, the new basis with the HVPs, and we’ll continue to convert more up to the high value products. But I’ll be in the base and continue to have a positive growth for the balance of the year for Pharma.
Bernard Birkett: Paul, most of the revenue recognition challenges that we had year-to-date has been really run our Contract Manufacturing business. But the impact of revenue recognition for the quarter is really minimal for our business.
Bernard Birkett: So let me add to this, Derik. It’s a good question, because our contract manufacturing business, if you’d a chance to visit our site, you’ll realize that once we produce product, once it comes off to the line, they are transported to our customer within – immediately, whether it’s that day or day after or the day after that. We don’t hold the inventory in contract manufacturing. And that’s how we’ve established the contracts with our customers. In the proprietary business, we are really make to order concept. We have very little inventory on hand and actually, in addition to that we don’t really have any agreements that transfer titles to our customers at that point of time. So to really be clear on it, it’s really in the contract manufacturing business, but we’re not holding the inventory. We are shipping as soon as we have it produced.
Larry Solow: Thank you. Good morning. Just – first half I would just like to congratulate Bill. I am not sure if he’s on the call, but his retirement and thank him for the help through the years, and certainly wish him the best of luck, and of course, also welcome Bernard to the team and I look forward to working with you.
Larry Solow: Right. And sticking sort of with the product offering. Can you maybe just give us a little more color on the new Westar Select sort of the incremental benefit it provides? I know you mentioned it has, I guess, a tighter particulate specification. But is that sort of the incremental benefit? And I guess, sort of expected cadence of growth in benefit? I imagine, it will be a slow incremental growth constant overtime like many of your other products.
Larry Solow: Okay, great. And just lastly on the CapEx number, you – looks like you lowered numbers by $20 million to $30 million. Just a few questions around that, obviously, it sounds like it’s a positive thing and sort of relates to the successful managing of the infrastructure. A couple of questions, is this sort of sustainable number as we look out of the next few years? You would have any visibility on that? And is this – I assume, this will sort of should help it’s probably already helping your operating margin. And is it sort of tied into the whole ongoing restructuring initiative, where I think you said, you expect $8 million to $13 million savings by the end of next year.
