Don Morel: No. I think what you are going to see is the usual end of the year stuff with our customers, in terms of ordering and delivery patterns. We are being a little bit conservative. Q4 really was a slightly weaker quarter in 2013 for HVPs in the third quarter. So we started to see the down trend at that point, and as a reminder, that's when the orders started to decline as a result of a detergent change in our process in Europe.
Don Morel: There is really two answers to the question Arnie. So the first one on the pharmaceutical packaging side is that, as you know, we produce this specialized sheeting for insulin cartridges, and we only have a single facility that produces that material. So this is simultaneously a risk mitigation step for the major customers we serve, but also, to support growth we see in that marketplace through that five year period. So the first part of the facility in Ireland will be a sheeting facility. We expect to build that out in the latter years, as we see there is cleanliness requirement increasing and the focus on the very high margin, high valued products going into the biologics segment. Ireland was an ideal location for us, because of increasing investment by our customer base. When you look at the biologics production capability within that area, it has increased substantially and will increase in the future, as we see more compounds come out. So much of it is aimed at high margin, high growth areas, diabetes and biologics. The second is that, we are currently producing commercially the SmartDose system in Israel, and part of that capital is to begin to fit our commercial production in Arizona, as we see requirements not only for CZ, but for the SmartDose devices ramp up. We would like to have dual source of supply there for risk mitigation. So the reasons are all good, they are growth, and yes, we have to invest that far ahead of the curve, with validation, equipment delivery and all the reasons we have talked about in the past.
Don Morel: Yeah on the first question, I think the answer is no. Much of the flu stocks of course are produced in advance of the season. So those numbers have already been reflected in our sales. With regard to Ebola specifically, remember the trials often are relatively small volumes, and people are I think in many respects, playing catch-up. So even if you have a 5,000 patient trial, its not going to drive the needle, those are very-very small volumes. The answer is that yes, we are on some of the vaccines that are in development, but you are not going to see that drive the numbers.
Don Morel: We and all of our customers are seeing a great deal of, what I would call, incentives from the regulatory bodies to look into the entire production process, in terms of continuous improvement. And as detection capabilities get better and better, when you inspect at the end of the line, you're seeing more and more things. So we look at it purely as an opportunity, and for us, it is a differentiator, and again, its driving a lot of the investments that will happen in Ireland in the second phase of that building. But as a service offering, it really comes back to the attributes that we would try to put into the closures from Westar, evolving all the way to the current version of [indiscernible]. Each one of those attribute gives us the opportunity to capture some value from what our customers ordinarily would have provided in their own production processes in prior years. So we don't think those pressures are going to relent. Indeed, its going to put pressure on the industry, to meet what is a rapidly increasing quality standard. So its an opportunity and a challenge all in the same nut.
Don Morel: Yeah, I categorize it really as two new, one existing. So the GLP ones have been in the market for a while, but we are seeing some new molecules coming down in that diabetes category and some new indication, several of them, I believe, have gotten approval of the weight loss indication, in addition to share level reduction. The PD1 is the new molecules for cancer. I believe it goes -- will roll out probably over the next two to three years. We know that several of our customers -- we know one customer that has an approval already in the market for lung cancer. But you will see sequentially approval for different types of cancer, as they complete the clinical trials and do rolling submissions for each one of those. There are several other PD-1s that are in the application phase have not received approval yet, but we think that's going to be a very-very strong category, because of the uniqueness of these molecules; and again, we are virtually on all of the packaging, that goes both in vial and syringe format. The final category, the PCSK9 molecules are completely new in terms of cholesterol reduction. Again, we are on the primary packaging for that. We will have to see how the device equation evolves, but each one of the categories, we believe presents not only primary packaging, but potentially downstream device opportunities.
Don Morel: Its really hard to say. For us, it has been incremental up demand, especially in the vices where we contract manufacturer. It is difficult to call out the impact on the primary packaging side. We are not sure what goes to GLP-1s versus the insulins.
Don Morel: Thank you very much for your time everyone. We look forward to speaking with you again in February with our year end call.
Bill Federici: Arnie, actually to correct you a little bit;, the Q4 growth we expect for high value products will be greater than what it was in 2013. 2013, as Don mentioned, we started to see the effect of customers working down their inventory balances. So actually, the comp to last year's fourth quarter is not nearly as tough for high value products. We expect about a 4.7% increase over that. And as we said, the backlog, if you look at it as of September, the composition of high value products in the backlog has actually increased by two percentage points over September 2013 to 45%.
Bill Federici: It’s a combination of two, it’s the standard product and the lower profit disposable medical device components. Those two are actually up in the quarter.
Bill Federici: That is exactly right Arnie. We have -- to answer the last part first, we have about a three month lag between when the actual price of Brent declines and when we start to see it come through in our purchases, and then approximately a two month delay between when we get it into our inventory, and when we actually end up selling it, and therefore it ends up in our income statement. So it's about somewhere between four and six months of a delay. The sharp decline that you're talking about, its really not as dramatic as some of the ones that we have seen in the past. If we go back to 2011, you will remember that Brent went from about $65, $70 a barrel, up to over $130 if I remember correctly, during that first half of the year, and then came down in the back half of the year. So with the decline, you should expect to see lower and you saw it in the third quarter, you saw it that our raw material costs were essentially flat to the prior year, you will see a little bit lower costs coming through, starting some time in 2015, probably the latter part of the first quarter. But as you're suggesting, about half of our Packaging Systems sales are under contract with our customers, and those contracts generally carry a CPI or PPI accelerator in them. So obviously, we would see lower ability to increase prices. All that said, when we look at 2015 and to come to the guidance that we gave you on the sales, we have not included a large increase for pricing. I believe we are about 0.5%, which will be below the five year average and certainly way below the 2.5% or so that we received in the 2012-2013 timeframes.
Bill Federici: Basically, its going to be in the Packaging Systems side. High value products driving the bulk of the growth, so we expect high value products will grow nicely in that 8% to 10% range as Don described. We will see less growth coming from the standard and disposable medical device side of that business. For the Delivery Systems side, we see very solid growth in the proprietary delivery systems. That should be up solid double digits, similar to the 15% to 20% range, and as you can imagine for contract manufacturing, we'd expect something in the order of mid-singles, as a growth rate.
Bill Federici: On the Delivery Systems, you are going to be less than a little bit double digits, because you had -- remember it's only -- the Proprietary Systems at only about 27% of the total.
Bill Federici: Well I will start with the end first; as we said, the number we recorded, the 5% to 8% for 2015 is an ex-currency number. So that hopefully will help you, and you can draw whatever conclusions you want. On the fourth quarter, we view as the $1.27 to the euro, which is not what it is this morning of course, things bounce around, and that's pretty close to what we believe the market is for the quarter.
Bill Federici: I don't think that that's an unreasonable expectation; especially versus our prior guidance. And Rafael, just let me finish; with the full year guidance that we took down narrowing the range, $0.04 of that is due to currency. Some of that is in the third quarter, some of it is in the fourth, so that gives you a gauge to put on in the fourth quarter.
Bill Federici: The tax rate is -- what we are believing is somewhere in that blended year, somewhere in that 27% range, maybe although higher if we don't get beyond the extendable cash, that you know, has an impact on all manufacturers. And going forward, if you are using -- again, if they have the extendable cash, 27% would not be an unreasonable expectation going forward. On the share count, we do have an increase planned, about 0.5 million shares in the count. But the exact way that the share buyback program will hit, is really depending on -- from time to time, we will go into the market when we see the opportunity to go in and buy.
Bill Federici: Yeah absolutely, ignore currency in the growth that we gave you. The 5% to 8%, Dana, is a currency neutral number.
Bill Federici: Okay. Q4 we had between somewhere around $0.02 is what we are expecting versus what we had previously guided you to. And its $0.04 for the back half of the year between when we gave you guidance on July 30th or whenever it was, versus the $1.27 we are giving you now. So roughly half of that would be what's impacting the fourth quarter.
Bill Federici: Okay. In terms of -- almost all of it is currency, and there is some -- obviously, there is some impacts from the business from looking at the backlog and where we ended the third quarter. But a good chunk of that is due to currency.
Bill Federici: Absolutely. If you look at the backlog at this year and at the end of September, it was $349 million. Now, you have currency impacts, impacting the comparisons, but I will give you the currency neutral numbers. Q3 2013 was $325 million rough numbers, and December 2013 was $315 million rough numbers. Now in those numbers or disclosure, there is a blanket order from one of our major customers, that impacts the comparability. So that's why, when we gave you the $349 million, we don't know exactly, we can't pull out exactly how much of that is in excess of what we had at end of September of 2013 or December of 2013, but it does impact comparability. So instead of being, for instance, up 14% versus December, we know its something less than that, its probably on the order of mid to high singles.
