Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard.Before we open the line for questions, I want to conclude with a few key takeaways. Across our business segments, customers are driving demand for our products and services. Our R&D investments have resulted in new product launches that will contribute to our future high value product growth and our global operations team is driving efficient and cost-effective manufacturing initiatives to ensure we continue to deliver margin expansion and increased return on invested capital.With another solid performance this quarter, we're poised to finish out the year strong and we're confident in the opportunities we see ahead of us. Kevin, we are ready to take questions.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Mike. When you look at the Biologics business, we continue to grow very strong in this area, it's a combination of new products being launched into the marketplace, but also reorders of previously launched products and being actually adopted into the marketplace. So we're very confident with the performance this year and we see a very strong committed order book for this particular area.And when you start thinking about the pipeline of new molecules being approved and our participation and, in this space, we continue to be extremely high. So I'm very confident as we look forward. In particular, in the second question, it was in regards to CZ actually interesting part about that part of our portfolio.I would see a lot of it is around Biologics, we had two approvals in Q3 again two Biologics and that would make it for the year five approvals, and if you recall the previous years, we had significantly less than that.So we're seeing gain momentum with CZ mostly in the syringe area, we're continuing to invest in the Scottsdale, Arizona facility to handle the demand that's being requested by our customers and we also had a one vial approval earlier this year. The CZ cartridges are also driving nicely due to the SmartDose demand that we have with both the active DAS and also active feasibility studies underway.
Eric Green: Larry, the discussions with Daikyo and obviously, it's a very long a deep relationship we've had for quite a while and but it's very important between both companies because when you think about the technology and parts of their portfolio, how it supports our growth in high-value products and particularly around the Biologics space.So, we've been engaged in dialog and how we can continuously build a stronger relationship and partnership. There were no actions required due to previous agreements, but this increase from 25% to 49% does put us in a very good position with Daikyo as their exclusive partner both on a distribution of their existing products, but also the license and technology that we share between the two firms and that was a major thrust Larry to bring this forward and to reinforce the growth that we have in our high-value products and particularly in the Biologics space.
Eric Green: Larry, what you're seeing there is that with the original first version that we came out with that was targeted towards smaller doses and particularly in the biologic space and what we're being asked by our customers, they want to take that technology and allow them to move certain molecules - drug molecules from IV infusion environment to a subcu. And so that - and these tend to be molecules that are in the market already.So, this is actually good news for West because the technology can handle larger volumes as we indicated with the, the launch of the 10 ML cartridge dose at this point of time and it allows us to support our customers through development driving from IV to subcu and we have several development agreements underway as we speak obviously, as in the past we don't talk about our the specific customers or the molecule itself, but there are many that we're currently working on.
Eric Green: No, it's relatively the same as I've mentioned earlier, we do have exclusivity with Daikyo and between the distribution and license and technology agreements, but it was an increase in stake as the major change of the agreement.
Eric Green: No. That was - actually that was - that is due to the transaction we had last quarter due to South Korea to acquire our distributors, so allows us to work directly with the end customers, which by the way has gone quite well. The integration has gone very smoothly and we've already seen the benefits with conversations with some of the largest biosimilar companies in that part of the world.
Eric Green: Yes, John, the big driver there, the number one driver is continuing to convert large pharma customers from the standard products to high-value products. That's the number one thesis of the growth of that unit, the other when you thinking about total cost of ownership, so as we demonstrate to our clients that we're able to take cost out of the system and provide a higher quality, better cycle time to them allows them drive their inventories down in a better, cleaner product in the marketplace.The second one is in the, specifically in the diabetes application that continues to be robust. You see that in our contract manufacturing space. When you think about all those devices that we're producing for through contract manufacturing, it also requires primary containment, which is usually the less component specifically around the insulin portfolio. The pipeline is strong and we're feeling very comfortable.I think what you see with 2018 performance is the impact of Vial2Bag and as we work through that, you won't see that direct impact going forward, but more upside when we eventually get the product back in the marketplace.
Eric Green: Yes. We're obviously still working through the process, so we don't have an update on the timeline for re-entry into the market at this point. On the expense side, you're looking at probably a couple of million dollars, so nothing too material.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So on the CapEx, we were focusing on really is growth - our investment in automation and growth and obviously there is always a certain level of maintenance CapEx, which is about $45 million. No, typically for the last year or two, we've been running at about 6% to 7% of revenues for CapEx spend and that's what we would be targeting, but it's - we always have to make sure that we're investing the appropriate amounts, and the business to make sure that we can continue to drive the growth.But a lot of the investments on CapEx that are in more in equipment and automation, which provide faster returns on investments compared to investing in buildings and facilities so hopefully that covers it for you.
Bernard Birkett: So it's - it will be completed by the end of Q4 and the vast majority of the work will be done and we'll start to see the benefits come through in 2020 on a phased basis. So, as we move through the year, we will be able to harvest more of those benefits.
Bernard Birkett: More related to the options expenses and at this point, there were no other major adjustments to tax within the quarter.
Bernard Birkett: Well, at the end of the year, we have adequate capacity for a number of years, we believe with the obviously the existing footprint with the levels of automation, we're looking at and automation is a journey, it's not going to be completed in one or two years, it's a multi-year process. And so we don't see that we're going to have to add facilities for production in the coming years.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. On the contract manufacturing, the margin expansion was a little bit slower than we would have expected in Q3 and we would have expected to see a little bit more and we have specific areas that we're targeting to improve the margin within contract manufacturing, so we have very focused groups working on that and so that is still a primary focus for us to make sure we start to see that margin expansion progressing through 2020, but it has been - in the third quarter, it was a little bit behind, where we would've expected it to be and we understand the reasoning behind us. It was regarding one or two of our facilities and the level of efficiency and productivity, we saw in those. So we have, as I said specific programs in place to tackle that.And on Proprietary, what we saw is from a standard margin perspective, we're pretty much in line with where we have been for most of the year or so, our mix is where we would expect it to be in the third quarter and we have a number of summer shutdowns, particularly in our European plants.So the level of absorption that we get in the third quarter is normally a little bit lower than what we see in the first half of the year and that was primarily the impact on margin. So it slows margin expansion, a little bit in the third quarter and that's something that we would have expected.
