Donald Morel: Sure. For the customer of course one of the things that’s key in the marketplace is differentiation and I think you’ve heard a range of folks talk about the potential for large volume infusion systems above and beyond the standard 1ml in certain spaces for certain therapeutic categories. We think the system has applicability for medicines that need to have a larger volume delivered, preferably outside of the healthcare setting, either the hospital or small clinics where you ensure dosing accuracy, you ensure patient comfort and most importantly, ease of use for patients that may be compromised in terms of their hand strength and other issues. So we think it’s got a broad range of applications for us. Clearly the customer putting some skin into a very complicated development project with the new technology is a good sign.
Donald Morel: The only color I can add is that we are working very, very closely with them. Clearly they have been testing devices as we’ve done along, but that’s about where we stand right now.
Donald Morel: The only color I’d add to that, Arnie, is we saw very strong sales of pre-filled syringe components out of our standard product line. So a positive there for sure.
Donald Morel: I think the bulk of it is higher same store sales. Clearly existing products in the marketplace comprise the bulk of the increase.
Donald Morel: Our hope is that they’ll be resolved before the end of the year, but I wouldn’t be surprised given the unpredictable nature of these things if it slipped into the first quarter of next year.
Donald Morel: No. I think that’s the nature of the beast with systems like this. If you look at what happened in auto injectors, what you typically see is exclusivity for an indication to a customer and for other customers entering the therapeutic category you see different systems coming in. my expectation is fully that we’ll see more agreements of this type in a range of therapeutic areas.Ross Taylor – CL King and Associates: If my memory is correct, I think on your last call you mentioned that you may or one of your partners may initiate a clinical trial with SmartDose later this year. Is that still the case? I just wondered if you could say whether it’s with this partner you just signed the exclusivity agreement with.
Donald Morel: Not going to comment on the partner, but our expectation is that it will be in a clinical trial within the next two to three quarters.Ross Taylor – CL King and Associates: Final question just related to CZ. I don’t know if there’s any general comments you can make about whether any of the efforts or development timelines by some of your partners may have changed, if commercialization is still on track with your expectations.
Donald Morel: Everything we’ve seen is things are still on track relative to the general timelines we’ve talked about in the past. So no real changes there. Stability trial is ongoing. Line trial is ongoing. A lot of data being generated, but so far so good.
Donald Morel: The manufacturing strategy currently utilizes our assets in Israel. The plan is to bring manufacturing into the United States when volumes reach a certain point. We have not dedicated specific capacity to this agreement. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning everyone. We look forward to speaking to you again on our third quarter conference call in early November. 
William Federici: Sure, Arnie. Actually we talk about mix being a smaller part of the equation today in the second quarter. What you see is it’s more about volume, especially in Europe that was driving the – plus we had very high efficiencies in terms of throughput in the plants and our lean programs. Our inflationary pressures were not as high as we had expected, especially with the raw materials. So when you take – we had many, many variables that worked through our gross profit. And mix happened to be very, very, not that important in this quarter. We think that’s an anomaly. We talked about the sales volume of high value products in PPS, the packaging, pharma packaging systems being low, only 3.3% in the second quarter. And as Don had said, and as I had also reiterated, we expect the second half to be double digit growth, and for the full year to be double digit growth. So somewhat of an anomaly related more to the prior year second quarter being as strong as it was than it is anything as it relates to the current year’s second quarter.
William Federici: It’s pretty straightforward. We’ve got it on our balance sheet right now the $20 million sitting in cash and ratably over the next 13 years. So roughly $1.5 million per year will find its way into the income statement. So in the second quarter of 2013 we had just under $200,000 of income relative to this. It’s about $120,000 a month. So for the full year the eight months that will have recording income on it will be about $1 million.
William Federici: A lot of the IT – I’ll answer the first one first, the IT question. It’s really infrastructure changes. We’re going through a lot of private Cloud environment architecture and it’s expensive stuff and the lives are generally shorter than you think of machine and equipment. So those assets that you’re putting on the books and the P&L to increase deprecation over somewhere between three and five years, depending on what it is. So that’s what we’ll expect there. And we’ll continue to see that, Arnie. That will continue for the rest of this year and for the next several years. The total number that you’re talking about in terms of a base is somewhere between $10 million and $20 million. On the outside service costs for our supply chain initiatives, that is – we’re looking at our manufacturing footprint, our global manufacturing footprint and the demands on our manufacturing platform which are pretty great, especially in the Packaging Systems side. So we’re looking at trying to optimize that and we’re spending some money with some outside consultants to help us look through that.
