Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize, our Q2 performance together with the results we saw in Q1 have contributed to a very strong start to the year. As we look to the remainder of 2019, we know that our market-led growth strategy will continue to drive value for our stakeholders. We have the top experts in our field working at West and that technical and scientific expertise is an asset to our customers. Across all market units, customers are driving demand for our high-value products, and we are delivering those products and solutions with a more efficient and cost-effective manufacturing initiatives. This is translating into better margins and increased return on invested capital. We feel confident in the continued strength of our business and look forward to a successful remainder of 2019. Chris, we’re ready to take questions.
Eric Green: John, good morning. When we look at the acquisition in South Korea, it’s really a key strategy to have a direct presence, and what I would call it a very attractive biopharma marketplace that we historically work with the dealer. And one of West’s strengths is to have that direct interaction with our clients across the globe. So we believe that is an opportunity to step-in directly and actually reinforce our focus in the Asia-Pacific market. Looking forward to other types of M&A transactions, we feel that we’ll continuously look at bolt-on technologies that will enhance our current portfolio, but also look at ways to – look at adjacent spaces to really continue to support our existing customer base.
Eric Green: Yes, John. It’s correct. It does that low single-digit does include the Vial2Bag recall that occurred last year.
Eric Green: Well, we have guided this year’s revenues without any Vial2Bag revenues. And again, we are working towards the resolution and will be working with the regulatory authorities to get it back as soon as possible. So until we have affirmation from the regulatory bodies, we can’t comment on exactly when this will be returning.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, if – when you think about the growth rate we have today and looking at the committed order book that we have in the near-term, that really is due to the robust pipeline that’s coming through. In addition to that, it’s uptake of molecules have been introduced in the market a couple of years ago. So it’s a combination of existing molecules, but also new launches over the last 12 to 18 months. On the cell and gene therapy here, it’s too early to comment. A lot of that is in early phase as you know. We obviously have a role to play in the containment of the very important therapies, but the volumes will be small. And – but it’s too early to tell. It’s not – that is not impacting our numbers as of today.
Eric Green: Yes, it’s a good question. And to your point is that we are diversified within the generic space. So we continuously work with the broad array of the generic players today. I would say we’re in early stages as we move our generic customers from standard packaging components to the high-value products by leveraging the recently launched AccelTRA program. We think about the adoption rates with our clients, it takes one-to-two years to get the adoption and to have them retool their operations, which frankly, at the end of the day is taking cost out of their system, even though they’re moving up the high-value products and ASPs slightly higher. So we’re supporting them by bringing better prior to the market, driving better yield of their manufacturing in final fill finish, and given the assurance that this total cost of ownership, cost continues to drive down their overall cost. I would say summarize though we are – we do diversify, and if there is a issue with one client, we typically see that particular drug molecule to be picked up by another. And that’s why it’s a good situation with our diversity.
Eric Green: Well, Juan, when you look at our revised guidance. This is not being driven by China. So either way, we have a – our business in Asia Pacific is roughly – last year is about 8% of total West and China is a portion of that. Obviously, a larger localities are China, India and Japan, and also in Southeast Asia. But the 4 plus 7 we refer to the Chinese – in the market, that does not impact our current business and we don’t have a lot of exposure to the local generics. Our growth in that market and where we’re seeing the growth and we’re investing, is really the multinationals they’re pulling us into the market for them to be able to manufacture into either use the local consumption or export. The two areas that we’ve seen most of the growth in is in the pharma and biologic, very less so in the generic space out of China.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, the – we look at our – the order book, the committed orders that we have on hand today as Bernard mentioned a little bit earlier, is that we’re seeing a very healthy uptake. And the driver of that, I would say, two or three years ago, we were spent a lot of time talking about lead times from our operations. Today, that increase in demand is not due to lead times in our operations. I am very convinced the when we globalized the operations and the focus that we have, and the lead initiatives there in our operations is really driving quality, is driving delivery and service to our customers. So if you spoke to our customers, you’ll hear quickly that there hasn’t been any really change of the really improved performance we’ve seen over the last one or two years. The demand that we’re seeing at this point really is – mostly a combination of volume of existing drugs in the marketplace and new product launches that are – have been planned and will be planned in the near future. I’m very encouraged by this, because this is not just in one of the segments. This is across all segments and this is showing us the underlying health of the different markets we serve. Obviously biologics has a healthier market growth rate than the small molecules and pharma, but when I see the growth that we’re seeing, to me, it shows that we’re maintaining share, if not capturing new share with new products going through the pipeline.
Eric Green: Right. If we, if we look at two areas that you one of them you spoke that was NovaPure. We’ve talked about that in the past, but the adoption is now get into commercial drug molecules in the marketplace. We’re seeing the same thing with the Crystal Zenith. And so now it’s becoming more meaningful these numbers and the growth is quite significant. So while we don’t give out specific numbers of each product line. Those two areas alone are contributing to a good portion of the growth, in particularly in the biologics area and helps a little bit in the CZ side, also helps out with the pharma side.
Eric Green: Yes, what you’ve seen on the CZ side is that we’re – and the commercial number of products is about three are being launched in 2019. So that’s incremental and particularly around the 1 ml insert needle that we are manufacturing in our Scottsdale, Arizona facility. This is obviously great work done by both our partner Daikyo and also our internal engineers will get into the scale up as our customers and I won’t mention specifically of our customers are increasing their demand and for these launches, is also causing this as Bernard talked earlier about where are we invest in our capital. That’s a specific area where we’re investing in additional capital not facilities, but actual line, cell lines to build and produce more Crystal Zenith 1 ml insert needle and also frankly in the NovaPure line too. So, it’s – we’re seeing the uptick Larry, we’re seeing it and now in sort of really pre-commercial and development. These are starting to take off very encouraged by it.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It’s a multi-year process, and we will be continuously looking for improvements in operating and free cash flow generation, and it is a big focus for the organization across a number of different areas. So it’s not just on CapEx, it’s across all aspects of our business. As we believe, it is very important for us, obviously, to focus on that. So again, we have a lot of people looking at it in different areas and we’re very focused on cash flow generation and disciplined in our approach. And that...
Bernard Birkett: It’s been – we haven’t compressed a lot of growth capital. I think, if you look back at the way we were spending before we were investing a lot in facilities and that expanded the CapEx. So the focus is on utilizing and improving the utilization of what we have, the infrastructure that we have in place. We believe we have a lot of capacity, the maintenance CapEx has been pretty stable over the last number of years. But just to be clear, we’re not impacting growth, we are investing in growth on a continuous basis and that’s where we invest a lot of our capital and that’s where the allocation goal. So it’s a very, very measured approach, but the difference being that we do not have to invest in large building projects at this current time.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, that’s still in front of us. Again, it will be over the next number of years. Beginning in 2020, we’ll start to see the benefits of the rationalizations coming through. So the drivers right now is, we’ve seen a lot of HVP growth, which is a key strategy for us and we expect to see that continuing, and that’s been supplemented by the improvements in overall utilization and productivity gains that we’ve been seeing coming through our plans with the implementation of lean initiatives and globalization of operations. And the important aspect that we saw, again in this quarter, was the improvement in margins in Contract Manufacturing. And that’s also been a plus and now that’s back on track. So there are a number of drivers for overall operating margin expansion.
Bernard Birkett: That’s correct. So, we would expect to see the continuous improvements for the remainder of the year and improvement into 2020. As we get back to 2016, 2017 levels of gross margin within that business. I don’t believe it’s going to happen overnight, but we have made some changes within our contract manufacturing business. We’re taking a lot of the learning’s that we’ve had within our Proprietary Business from an operational point of view and applying those within our Contract Manufacturing division and we’re starting to see the improvements come through there, but it’s not an overnight fix and it will take a little bit of time. So you’ll see a phased in, but there will be continuous and sustained improvement.
Bernard Birkett: So if you look at that from a comp perspective, we had a large credit in the fourth quarter of 2018 regarding the Vial2Bag recall. So, that adjustment in Q4 2018 within the pharma sector. So when you comp it from the growth perspective that’s how we’re going to see the high single-digit growth within this year within Q4...
Bernard Birkett: Well, instead of calling out that the exact number what we’re seeing is a large growth in the our order book compared to the same time last year. So we’re seeing the order book strengthened as and that’s been happening as we’ve been going through the year. So it hasn’t just all happened at once, and that gives us confidence and to be able to use that a support for raising the guidance. So that we’re seeing strong fundamental growth in the market.
