Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Our company is financially strong. Today, more than ever, the pursuit of our mission is priority and not taken for granted.West products are needed by patients across the globe and in many cases for the administration of life-saving medicines. As the market leader we are committed to ensure continuity of supply to our customers around the globe.In addition, we are supporting our many customers that are developing potential solutions to address COVID-19 with components for diagnostics, antiviral therapeutics and vaccines. We are confident in our long-term growth strategy.Although these are trying times, we are optimistic and dedicated to doing what is necessary supporting the healthcare industry, as it works to resolve this global pandemic. We will emerge from this experience collectively stronger. And on behalf of all of the team members at West, it is our wish that you stay healthy and safe, in the days ahead.Andrew, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.Question-and-Answer Session
Eric Green: Yes, Larry. Good morning and thank you for the question, it's good to hear your voice. You're absolutely correct. There's -- what's happening with Proprietary is really two levers are being pulled simultaneously.One is the high-value product mix effect but more importantly is that we're seeing increased growth and contribution of that growth with the products that have even higher margins. You start thinking about NovaPure, Daikyo, Crystal Zenith, even the FluroTec.And when you look at those in totality, that's roughly let's say about half of the incremental growth when it comes to the high-value products and with a much higher margin. So the mix shift is occurring through high-value products, but even more pronounced with the higher-margin subsets of that portfolio.The second lever that we are holding and the team is doing a really good job is this globalization of our operations. And as you know, we've been on this journey for a couple of years now and the team has done a phenomenal job to start implementing lean processes and initiatives across our plants which is allowing us to be more efficient and more effective and higher throughput.So the combination of both of them is giving us that type of margin expansion in Proprietary. And what excites me is if we think about the future pipeline it is around the NovaPure the FluroTec the CZ the self-injection portfolio. And that's what's really exciting as we think about the long-term growth trajectory of this business.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry. In the COVID-19, specifically around our sales and products being introduced to support and I mentioned three areas around diagnostics, therapeutics and also vaccines. In Q1, we did not see any incremental revenue as a company due to COVID-19. We had some -- frankly Bernard can get in a little more detail, but we did have some additional costs. But what we're seeing right now and with the approach, we've taken with this -- with the market units we're able to have much more granular discussions with our customers. And as we start thinking about Q2 and Q3, we are actively working in all three corridors.To give you an example in the diagnostics our Contract Manufacturing arm of the business is currently scaling up on consumable products that are used in a couple of the devices that have been introduced in the market recently in the pipe. We won't speak about any specific customer, but these have been introduced recently into the hospitals in the clinic setting.When it comes to therapeutics there are a few that are in a market that we're already supporting and has been commercialized but they're currently, as you know, going through clinical tests to see the ability to combat COVID-19 and we're in those areas.And then lastly the vaccines, and those are a little more long-term as we look out 2021. And our FluroTec technology is a perfect candidate for the vaccine market. So it's kind of a staged approach and we'll see some of the benefit in 2020 and -- but most of it will be in 2021. You want to Bernard talk about the oil impact.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Paul, and good morning. No, you're absolutely correct. We took a very proactive approach months ago when we started to see what we learned from our colleagues in Asia, particularly in our Qingpu facility in China, and also in South -- and Singapore. What we've done is we've taken a -- there's multiple steps that we've taken. One is the split shifts to minimize -- as they did the shift handovers minimize interaction so that social distancing is very important. Also, temperature monitoring. We also put a program in place that only essential employees were allowed to go into the facility. So you can imagine at our plants all the 25 plants around the world we have very important roles, but these are individuals that actually can work from remotely, and so we put that in place immediately.One other element we put in place is we really focused on ensuring that when our colleagues are not feeling well or there's some question about their health that they don't feel pressure to come into the office. So we relaxed some of our attendance policies. We improved. We expanded our compensation, if somebody had to stay home for a period of time with the COVID taking care of themselves and/or their family members.So those are many different levers that we put in place and to ensure that people are in the plants should be in the plants and also mitigating any risk that we have for maybe coming from the outside. This crisis management team we put in place is monitoring it daily. We can tell you, if there's absenteeism issues in any particular site.And I am very pleased and actually humbled on how well the absenteeism is very low in multiple sites. And I know in Europe it went up slightly, but it came back down to normal rates in the last several weeks, which is a real testament and our employees really understand the purpose of why we're doing this and to support the community.So, there's a lot of levers that we pull, Paul. It's not just one solution there's many. And we're not going to let off on the intensity of this -- of our approach, because we cannot afford to have an issue at a point.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul. We do not see stock and I'll tell you why. You know our business very well, it's that, we're really make to order. So November and December is really the time period of when we look at Q1 demand that we need to manufacture over the following three to four months.I will tell you this though. In recent weeks the conversations have intensified where customers are coming to us and that's where our commercial organization has done a great job of categorizing and working with customers to alleviate their concerns not to do increasing safety stock, because our lead times have not increased, because of the global network that we put in place.So and we were able to categorize any incremental revenues is it due to vaccines, therapeutics, supporting therapies, hospital enablement, and also frankly increasing safety stocks and that's what we're keeping an eye on at this point in time. That has been as pronounced. We've learned our lesson back in 2015 and 2016. And so we're very conscious of that and we have the right programs in place to monitor and manage through this.
Eric Green: Danlei, it's twofold. One is, it's expanding the NovaPure or Nova brand portfolio with additional products and capabilities. But it is -- if you think about NovaPure, it's actually close to a double for an absolute dollar value during the quarter and that's a trend that we're currently seeing that started back in late 2018 and 2019.I'll give you an example one new product portfolio we launched with NovaPure is a one with 3 ml, which we believe -- plunger which we believe can continue to help have this growth rate continue. And we have a very high participation rate on NDAs. So this is a very positive portfolio, and -- but there's a lot of runway ahead of us in that area.
Eric Green: Yes. I want to -- let me start and then Bernard will talk a little more about the puts and takes. I just want to caution. I mean absolutely when you think about -- if you look at the resiliency of the business and how the team is executing well under these circumstances and I do truly believe the tenets that we put in place are market led the globalization of the operations digitization, which is allowing us to get better analytics and real-time information it's really allowing us to drive growth. And we saw that -- similar growth in Q1. We saw that in Q4 last year. And so we believe it's a continuation.But frankly speaking the operating environment that everybody is in today is difficult. And so we want to be -- from my point of view, we want to be prudent and stick with what we've guided. I know there's some additional elements to that that Bernard will go through and we'll get more data points over the next several weeks and months so that we -- next time we have this call, we can get better information on how the trajectory will go for the balance of the year.Bernie you want to give some puts and takes.
Eric Green: Yes. Juan on the participation rate last year in 2019, I'll put it this way. Our biologics participation rate is higher than it has been or equal to a little bit higher. So it's close to 100% as we get. And then in the generics and in the pharma space they actually improved. So our participation rate is -- it continued to improve.In regards to COVID-19 specifically around vaccine as customer, we won't give out customer names. But I can tell you that we're on many of the products that we currently develop and we'll be going into clinical trials hopefully soon that we can participate on that. I think reason why we have a good, very strong participation rate in vaccines is one of the characteristics is required is the coating on the elastomer. And the FluroTec technology is a market-leading technology. So we're feeling really good in that regard.Secondly around that when we start thinking about the criticality or the urgency to get these materials manufactured, it gives us the ability to flex our global operations. And as we're building 40-plus billion components a year, the demand on vaccines while it's important it's a good size, it's not going to be too much of a challenge considering we have multiple sites that can produce these products using FluroTec's technology. So that's how I would look at it from the vaccine perspective for the participation rate.
Eric Green: Yes. So we won't update the quarterly number but I can say it's solid. It's consistent. In fact with some of the discussions that we're having in regards to products used for therapeutics and/or vaccines that would ensure that that number stays solid.I think from a range of lead times I think the team has done a great job if you think about where we are today and we monitor this on a very -- on a weekly basis. We're about eight to 11 weeks on average. It does -- it is based on the product and the additional capabilities that we provide around that. But I would say, we're pretty stable at 8 weeks to 11 weeks at this point in time.
Eric Green: Yes. I think when you look at pricing, it's plus or minus 1% historically after the last three or four years. You're right it's -- at 1.5 it's a little more on the higher end of that. So it's a very -- it's not a big variance. But I think what we're seeing right now is when you think about the growth that we're seeing in high-value products particularly the areas that Bernard and I spoke of these tend to be new molecules.So when we bring a customer on to those products, the price contribution doesn't kick-in until a year or two later, right? So that anniversary is out from a new product status. So we're about 1.5 in the first quarter. It'll be plus or minus of that going forward. And I think we're able to maintain our pricing structure when you consider that our focus is to convert more customers to the higher end of high-value products.
Eric Green: Yes. Courtney I would say that the confidence is on the base business on the core business. We are aware of additional opportunities when it comes to the COVID-19 and the solutions that our customers are working towards. But that's a fluid and dynamic environment in regards to which therapies -- or therapeutics and/or vaccines will get through and at what time. And so when we have better visibility and clarity around that then we'll bring that into the discussion.On the CM side, it's a little bit higher in Q1 that we -- than we traditionally would see. And I think that will come down a little bit going back to what Bernard said earlier the full year probably looking at high-single-digits, maybe touching the 10% mark. But on the Proprietary side, the underlying core business, if you look at Q1 and Q4 of last year and the momentum that has been built up on the core, it's been relatively consistent. So it gives me confidence that the guidance that Bernard walked us through is really taking a lot of the opportunity to pull the 2019 out.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So there are some -- there'll be a tailwind from oil, but there is also some headwinds that we're going to see to offset that. So particularly around the logistics side and on freight, we're seeing some increased costs there given the well-documented issues with getting products to customers and just the supply chain itself and the impact COVID is having on that. And then, we have also some other costs that we're absorbing in supporting our employees as we're managing through the pandemic. We saw some of it in Q1 and there were some primarily showed up in our CM gross margin, which was probably impacted most by that. But I think, again, we will see some benefit, but there are other headwinds and offsets there.
Bernard Birkett: And we've also seen growth in other high-value products. So with CZ, FluroTec, RU, self-injection systems. So we've seen growth -- strong growth in all of those areas through Q1 and it's represented in many of the -- in the various market units. It's not just in one market unit.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And the other piece on that you've got to remember is the FX headwind that we have forecasted has moved from $15 million to $26 million. So if you take that into account and we're absorbing that while maintaining guidance between $1.95 billion and $1.97 billion. So essentially it is raising guidance on revenue. And as Eric said, it's still early in the year. We're in unprecedented times with a lot of unknowns out there.So, again, we felt it was the right thing to do to maintain where we are and see how the remainder of the year progresses. But what we're seeing is that our order book is solid. Our manufacturing and operation units are functioning as they should and in line with our expectations and we weathered some storms in the first quarter. But again I don't think it's appropriate to raise it much higher at this point. You've got to think -- you've got to remember that piece on the FX.
Bernard Birkett: You got to also take into account that the order patterns from customers is changing slightly. Customers are actually placing longer orders with us. So they're not -- it's not just one or two quarters. It's actually our over three, four quarters and maybe beyond. So the real positive for that is that it gives us a lot of greater visibility and being able to meet customer demand within the lead times of the 8 weeks to 11 weeks on average.
Bernard Birkett: So on Biologics, we're looking at double-digit growth. Pharma will be low to mid-single digits. And then Generics is mid to high single-digit growth. Contract Manufacturing will be high single digits possibly early double-digit growth.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. In Q1, we had some costs that we absorbed within well -- across all our operational units and there was a particular impact in CM regarding supporting employees as we go through COVID-19. So we have incurred some costs there. And that was a decision by management and it was the right decision to do that. If we exclude those costs and if business as normal our margin in CM would have been north of 15%.The impact on the Proprietary business was a lot less. But -- so that gives us encouragement to know that we're on the right track and our teams are delivering within Contract Manufacturing to get to the mid to high teens. We will be making progress throughout 2020 and into early 2021. But we are on the right track. That there were -- it was onetime cost.
Bernard Birkett: And it's hard to estimate like that. Now there's a lot of discussions around COVID that -- and we need to see something more concrete, and it'll probably get more visibility as we progress through the second quarter here. And we'll give you a better insight into that I think on our Q2 call. But it's still early. There's a lot of moving pieces in that area.
