Donald Morel: Thank you very much, Bill. As a final reminder, West will host its Biannual Investor Day on May 23 in New York City at the Millenium [indiscernible] Hotel. This concludes our remarks this morning. Then Bill and I would now be pleased to answer any questions you might have. 
Donald Morel: They are difficult to predict. We are seeing a couple Arnie. These tender rollout in kind of a wave-like fashion you will have an inventory build that supports the immediate launch and then you'll have a little bit of a softer period until it fix up more normalized than expected growth rate, but yes, we do expect some others to flow through over the next 12 to 18 months. 
Donald Morel: Well, I think that a couple of things that play here. One is that with the Fukushima situation last year, clearly, many customers are rethinking their strategic inventories after a time when they were shrinking as part of their inventory and working capital management programs. A couple of years ago, we were talking about shorter lead times and smaller orders being the new normal. Now, we are seeing what we believe is the more rational inventory approach leading to extended larger orders over a longer period of time like we would have seen 12 to 24 months I guess. So and in fact, what's happening is the composition of the backlog is taking on a situation, where the majority of the orders are going to fall into the current quarter, but we are seeing a lengthening of the tail into the third and even in some extraordinary cases although small dollar volume into the fourth quarter. We think that, that's a positive. 
Donald Morel: It depends on the specific product, but average in the rubber facility is there was probably 10 to 12 weeks. Metals would be a little bit less depending on the product, probably 8 to 10. 
Donald Morel: Yes. What the Vetter operation does is provide a dedicated CZ billing capability for the 1mL long insert needle syringe. And the reason that's important is that customers can now go to a source, where it is CZ only. There is no potential for cross contamination with processing glass on the same line. And they can use that facility to fill not only formal stability samples, where the data can be used for regulatory submission, but they also have limited capability for clinical and small commercial fills. So, that line I believe has the capability at full run rates to do approximately 5 million units per year. I'd like to be able to provide more color on specific products, but unfortunately, because of confidentiality provisions I can't. 
Donald Morel: One more comment on CZ, I think it's appropriate, it's important for people to remember that our CZ sales reflect mostly proprietary product development for our customers in addition to the 1mL syringe that we manufacture in Arizona. Our CZ sales overall through our Japanese affiliate, Daikyo were up very strongly last year and reflect vial sales and what is called syringe sales that we don't produce. Overall, Daikyo CZ sales continue to be strong, ours is more R&D reflective, which as we talked about tends to be kind of unpredictable. 
Donald Morel: The impact on the sales will be roughly the same, not exactly, but in that same order of magnitude that the - our thing that we have to deal with on the margins is the other factors that also impact and work against that namely, we think raw material which was modest compared to increases were moderated compared to what they were in - certainly in 2011. They continue to remain in a fairly elevated level and you have normal inflationary costs that have also increased since the past year. So, when you look at all of those things combined together, we do believe that we will get margin expansion over the full year, but it's certainly will be more in the first half and less in the second half of the year. 
Donald Morel: Bring the simple answer is yes, I mean, Asia overall is a reporting unit and the quarter was up about 15%, it's up very strong. The growth rate that we've seen over the past 12 months in China and India both are still pretty much in place tend to be in the 20% to 25% range. For us strategically, China and India are both according to serve not only the domestic markets, but also the multinational customers that have operations there and we're looking for product comparability to export back to the western markets. I think we spoken publicly before that the expansion we've been in Singapore will likely be out of capacity and the mid 2013 kind of timeframe, which is important for the China capacity to come online early. India will not be that delayed in terms of its actual startup. We may see a month or 2 delay before we get the permitting in some of the bureaucratic stuff that we have to get out of the way, but overall we expect to hold to our timeline for beginning operations there. It's also important to note that China is rubber purely, where as India will be a combination plant of both metal seals and rubber components for the domestic market as well for exports. But in the longer term over the 5 to 10-year period you referenced, we expect that region to be a very, very key part of our overall growth 
Donald Morel: I think it really is validation of the strategy, value-added sales approach and us incremental and selling more value per units. We are benefiting from a lot of increased regulatory scrutiny on our customer’s manufacturing operation. But it’s clearly evidenced that they are leading towards very clean particular free validated and certified products to reduce the risk in their own operation. So, our expectation is that we are going to see a lot of our revenue growth driven by continued sales increases in the value-added product category. 
Donald Morel: Basically, was revenue end an engineering time where we were making some modifications to the device that are proprietary to the customer in question. Can’t provide a whole lot of color other than that basically a milestone payment for engineering sources. 
Donald Morel: Yes. So, the incremental process where you do see that kind of shift, I mean, remember we've always talked about the fact that the therapeutic category that utilized those components are the ones that are going to drive our growth, oncology, diabetes, vaccines, anything that basically is a biotherapeutic protein is consuming those kinds of products. So, those categories increased, our sales increased. The other part of the coin is that as you get ongoing regulatory pressure and some of our other customers operations that are small molecule that tends to drive a value-added products to those as well so, we're getting growth actually out of both parts of it. 
William Federici: Absolutely. The target for the full year is $8 million to $10 million and it is due to the lumpiness of it. We have very little ability to predict in advance how those orders will come through, but we think based on the level of activity that, that's our best guess at this point in time. If you think about it in the overall spectrum of the proprietary products - the proprietary products in delivery systems space even with the modest CZ sales in the first quarter are still expected to expand by $7 million to $11 million, which is again a double-digit growth rate for the full year of 2012. 
William Federici: Yes, absolutely, Ross. We thought in the first quarter about 5% as you said packaging sales when we look out to the full year, we think we had some of that because we have the backlog that we can look into. We see a similar kind of like amount in the second quarter to the what our knowledge is at this point, still not perfect knowledge since we still some way to go in quarter 2. But for the full year when we look at the effects and we said we mentioned the 7% to 10% currency neutral growth rate in sales for the company, we’re looking at something between 2% and 3% of that number being the special non run rate kind of items. 
William Federici: And the amount in the full year is very, very modest Ross, it’s less than $5 million that we expect to the full year. 
William Federici: Yes, Dave, we’ll answer, I’ll answer the numeric part of it and then if you need more color, we'll try to give you some more, but as we said, it was 5% in the quarter of packaging systems sales. And we do because of our backlog we do see additional amounts coming in, in the second quarter that we can identify of roughly the same kind of order of magnitude. The third and fourth quarter because of the lack of visibility, it's a little more difficult to predict, but when we went ahead and produced the guidance that we've put out there of 7% to 10% currency neutral sales growth approximately 2% to 3% of that number, we believe are these non run-rate type sales items. So, there is a chunk of it sitting in the back half of the year again not identified, because we really don’t have a lot of visibility. However, we still believe that it’s - that it continues that type of process and mindset by our customers continues. 
