Eric Green: Yes, we are very pleased with the results of our high value products portfolio. It continues to gain traction and acceptance in the market as more of our customers are requiring the higher quality of the end product -- the components with our end products. So we are seeing the demand continues to play well with how West is positioned and also how our operations are being optimized to support these customers in all geographies.
Eric Green: Yes Larry, the pipeline of our CZ program still remain very robust. Right now we have 13 CZ programs in formal stability studies and the outlook continues to be positive.
Eric Green: Yes Larry, basically it's seasonality as if you look historically that's been the case. We have the summer shutdowns for preventive maintenance for both our shops in -- our factories in Europe as well as customers' and the start up after that we see -- generally, we see that the second half margins being slightly less than the first half. For the full year, I just want to remind you that we are guiding up for margins, both at the gross line and the operating profit line.
Eric Green: Yes, there is a number of things and you hit on the one that the timing in our global sales meaning which didn’t happen and though it came at all and then there is also in the second quarter of 2014, we actually had a slight reduction in our medical costs premiums due to some experience of adjustments made by the carrier. So we actually got a benefit in the ’14 second quarter that’s not there this year. And then also on incentive compensation, we’re tracking a little ahead of our goal, so we are taking those comp adjustments that positions up, so those are the three big ones. We’re also adding some heads where we believe it makes a lot of sense in the regulatory space, our customers as the regulators and customers continue to drive towards cleaner product, we have the need for more and more regulatory expertise which is a key differentiator for West in the marketplace. So we will continue to invest in those types of expenses.
Eric Green: Okay. So capacity utilization is a complicated story, but let me try to simplify, blow it down. On the PPS side in the business, we try to aim for an 85% or so utilization of our plans. However, that’s not a perfect signs and certain of our aspects of the capacity especially in the high value products, especially around envision and especially around washing for Westar, we are very, very tax [ph] at capacity line, we are pushing up against the 100% and that’s why you see our lead times I have been expanding. We are, as we’ve talked about we’re putting, we continue to invest very prudently in additional water capacity for Westar as well as a vision systems for envision and we’ll continue as well as clean rooms for high value products but those are the key investments we’re making which we hope in the long-term along with our network optimization programs that we’re working on for the plans, we’ll help elevate some of that strains in the plans. On the PDS side, it’s more on the contract manufacturing specifically. The utilization percentage is not nearly as high, they are in the kind of high-60s, low-70s and that’s appropriate for that kind of business and we feel very comfortable with that right now.
Eric Green: Yes Derek, it's a really good point of packaging systems business we continue to see the outlook of the high value products to continue to be very robust. We believe we can continue to perform at similar levels that we have been performing and that's the reason I will add to continue to add capacities within the three main geographies of Asia, Europe and in U.S. Your point is valid and there are delivery devices business where we're looking at future investments that pay backs over the longer term and we're very optimistic with when we are sort of looking at the level engagement we have with the customers active programs with SmartDose, then I mentioned when it was in phase III and then also with the 13 programs with formal stability with the CD product portfolio. So it is, you are going to see it for longer term what the delivery systems business unit around.
Eric Green: Let me start with by saying that the outlook for store remains very strong and there is a timeline for adoption by customers but what we're seeing with conversations with our clients is that the attributes allows them to be more effective in the end markets. So we believe that we have the right formula the customers uptakes are visible, there is more in the formal stability trials at this point so we're pretty optimistic about that and we'll continue to see demand in the CZ portfolio.
Eric Green: Yes Derek as you know this is an area that we focused on in the past quite a bit and I believe West is well positioned to take advantage of the market opportunities in some of the more in Asia and also in Latin America. I think our position today while we do have presence with the multinational in China and India and other geographies in Asia, we do have the opportunity to see more of an expansion. Now we have had, we put investments in China, India, Singapore, but I believe that our opportunity to growing faster and it present ourselves very nicely for West. So that is an area that we will continue to focus on and put little more energy and resources around that as we go forward.
Eric Green: I believe there is a great opportunity to bring the West quality to the market where it’s not as prevalent and if you look at the cost of our product in the entire end drug delivery is a small percentage. Therefore to increase the level of quality and the acceptance of the drugs into other local market or the global markets, there is the need to pull more West quality into that system.
Eric Green: Thank you, operator. And thank you everyone for your time this morning we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call in October. Thank you very much.
