Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In conclusion, we’re seeing good progress with our market-led strategy. With quality, scientific and technical expertise, that is unmatched in our industry, we are developing deep insights into what our customers’ need and are developing unique solutions for them. We have a strong pipeline of innovative, high-value products and delivery devices that will address future market needs, and our operations team is working to apply manufacturing excellence and best practice across a global network to deliver better service to our customers and reduce costs. With strong market fundamentals driving our business, our team is focused on delivering the year-end for our customers and laying the groundwork for future success in 2018 and beyond. Jonathan, we’re ready to take questions.
Eric Green: Jared, a very good question. And what we have seen over the last 1.5 to 2 years a reduction -- significant reduction from lead times that were somewhat inflated, end of ‘15 going into 2016, due to a surge of demand really in the Biologic -- I’m sorry, in the Generics space, for our high-value products. Because of the improvements we made in Jersey Shore facility, in Pennsylvania, also the investments we made with Kinston, North Carolina, we’re able to add capacity, which as I mentioned, reduced these cycle times significantly. I would argue at this point, we’re not satisfied where we are. If we’ve mentioned -- we talked a little bit about AccelTRA, that’s a program that’s designed to take lead times that could be anywhere between 10 to 15 weeks down to less than half that. So we’re continuously -- with the continuous improvement mindset -- driving more efficiencies. And you’re right, the net result is our customers are less dependent on putting orders out three -- two or three quarters in advance to more in just-in-time mentality. So we’re making good progress but we have more work to do, and we’re seeing the benefit with more of the response from our customers.
Eric Green: Yes, it’s really the work our customers, the generic customers have done on their inventory management. Again, over a year ago, they built up inventories due to the long lead times. They got really comfortable toward the tail end of 2016 -- where we were -- and with the continuous improvement. And that has really anniversaried out during the Q3 of this year. As you know, we are a make-to-order environment, so we have visibility of orders on hand that we’re currently working on delivering with expectations in Q4 with Generics. So it really is around the inventory management activities that were done by our customers.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it’s a benefit for both our customers and for ourselves. And, frankly, I think we’ve more normalized in the last couple of quarters or three quarters, I would argue, with our operations on lead times. And as we look -- as the global operations team is looking at putting in place continuous improvements with more automation, more process flow designs. It gives us the ability to continuously drive that lead time down further to continue to be the best-in-class in the industry, frankly. But you’re right, while we’re able to create more efficiencies, we drive costs of our customers working capital, higher-quality and delivery, faster to our customers, which will translate into better margins for West.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, so that’s a very good point. And we had some constraints on moving customers from standard packaging components to high-value products about one and a half years ago, just due to constraints of our operations. With the lower lead times, the conversations with customers to move more of their portfolio towards high-value products is a lot easier. And that’s that -- and as you know, what comes with that, right? It’s higher revenues and higher margins per transaction. So that is -- that’s going to be a benefit as we go forward, and we know the global operations team is really focused on maintaining and in improving on those metrics, so that our commercial organization has that confidence with the conversations at our customers.
Eric Green: Yes. You’re right on the Biologics, we’re starting to see that more normalized in Q4 actually outsized, I would say, with double-digits. It’s very strong double-digits. And as you look into 2018, what we’re seeing with our customers and conversations with our customers, we’ll be back to more normal levels. That could oscillate between quarter-to-quarter between high-single to low double, but it’s in that corridor.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, well there’s been not a lot of change on that regard specifically around India. We are continuously working with our customers as they work through these issues. I would say though, we had a pretty strong performance not just in India but throughout Asia in Q3. So we think it’s coming back to the more normal type of performance. I just want to remind you that our business in India where it’s mostly impacted by these regulatory hurdles, is a very small piece of our Generics business, in fact, it’s less than 5% of our entire Generics business.
Eric Green: Yes. No. So, Bill, when you look at the NovaPure and Envision, and if you can just kind of think about the product portfolio moving up the high-value quality curve, these are the services and product solutions that we offer our customers that are more recently launched, and what we’re seeing is a lot of interest, because Envision obviously gets into the subvisible detection of defects. And we get into NovaPure, that’s really quality by design. Both of them though are very small as an overall percentage of our high-value product portfolio, but the migration from either standard to that part of the portfolio or even from, typically, Westar RU, RS, FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure has continued to be very attractive for our customers. Give you an example: NovaPure manufacturing capability we came online about almost a year ago in Kinston, North Carolina, it’s been validated. We have worked with our customers on stability so we can move their highest level of Biologics on NovaPure. And the economics are quite attractive, obviously, for our customers who saves -- reduces their defects and improves their quality. And for us, it’s actually moving -- helps us with our gross margins, obviously. So we’re excited about it, but it is a small number, and I got to be careful when we talk about very strong growth, but it’s a long migration. But it’s exciting to see the traction we’re getting from our customers.
Eric Green: No, I think what you’re going to see is -- so the answer to your question, the first part is, yes, we’re continuing to have conversations. That one particular customer -- that migration is commencing in 2018. We’re quite excited about it because it supports one of their major initiatives of driving for zero defect at their -- within their organization, but also enables us to put our highest quality product on their products.  Secondly though, we’ll see a little bit of a transition you could argue, it might be a little bit of a headwind but we’re managing through that with our customer, as they migrate and we don’t see too much volatility. What you’ll see this quarter, in Q3, the volatility that we saw, it really is a follow-on of a very, very strong first half and the sales of the first half were led by packaging components for insulin delivery. Just to remind you that we have a pretty strong position in the diabetes market. And so -- and then also we’re seeing growth in the Envision administration system products also. So we don’t think Q3 is a typical concern because this is the typical normal quarterly fluctuation, and we continue to believe in mid-single-digit in Pharma’s to be expected.
Eric Green: That is -- biosimilars are very new in the states at this point, and it’s obviously long-term, it’s a very attractive space, when you start looking at large molecules. And we don’t see -- we believe our position in that part of the market is actually very attractive. To give you an example, in Q3, there were, we believe there’s 14 NMEs that were approved and of which seven were Biologics, about 4 were biosimilars and 3 were small molecules. We were in all those presentations. So it shows that we’re not just in the Biologics or small molecules. We have a very good position in the biosimilar space.
Eric Green: Yes, so the team has done a really good job of Contract Manufacturing. This is a business that has -- and I’m pleased with the leadership team in that part of the organization where they have really focused intently in the diagnostics and med device space. And as you know, if you were to sit here talking about it 3 years ago, I think there was pretty robust part of the portfolio was in consumer products. While that’s a very important area, our focus has really been towards the healthcare space, and today less than 20% of our sales of that business is in the consumer products. The growth really is coming from product launches of our customers with new molecules and new delivery devices going into the market, and we are -- we, for example, in Dublin, we built a facility dedicated for a line for delivery device and that delivery device is -- we’re having troubles keeping up with the volume, frankly. And so that’s a great example on how we’re -- the focus has given us more opportunities and the pipeline looks very rich. So it is going to be tough comp in Q4, but that team is well positioned to continue to grow that business very well.
Bill Federici: Yes, the margin impact, Jared, will be an adverse impact about $0.03 on the EPS line. So about $3 million of operating profit.
Bill Federici: Sure, thanks, Bill. So absolutely, as Eric mentioned in his prepared remarks, our first order of business is to invest back into the core of our business; the high-value product programs. That will continue to be our initial first pass on capital allocation. We do have a board-authorized share buyback program that runs through the end of the year. And we are -- as we mentioned, we’ve -- taken down a part of that and there is still a piece to go that’s available to us under that program. And we have affected about $26.9 million through the first nine months of the year.  In terms of how we’re looking at the balance sheet, we’re very comfortable with our balance sheet the way it is. We believe that it continues to provide us with the necessary liquidity to be able to continue to grow our high-value product programs and our proprietary delivery systems as well. So no fundamental change in that in the near term.
Bill Federici: Nothing changed in terms of timing. I mean, these are deals that happen when they happen. So we are -- we were -- I think we’re very clear on what we expected. The number was a little different than what we had originally said, but the $9.1 million is running through other operating income, and we did say that it was going to be in Q3, not Q4, Derik, just to correct you there. And the $8 million versus $9.1 million, the 8 million was Euros. And so that $9.1 million.
Bill Federici: It’s a great question. This is -- it is an area where this new accounting, used to run through the equity section. Now they’re -- the accountants have decided that you go through the income statement. We had very, very high levels of activity. As you know, the excess tax benefit is based on a lot of different variables, first one being the existing stock [indiscernible] strike price of those options, time they were given. So there’s a number of variables that are involved, it’s very, very hard to predict when individuals either be it retired individuals or individuals that are still at the company are going to exercise their options. So we’ve been transparent in terms of what the actual results have been. I can tell you, if you look back in history, the amount is -- in prior years, even though it’s run through the equity section, has not nearly been as high as what we’ve seen this year. It’s run -- it was about $19 million in 2016 and about -- and smaller amounts before that. So while there are still options out there that are available to the exercised. Describing for you and how we could possibly predict that going into the future, is very difficult because of those various variables, including what happens with tax reform going forward. Those are things that make it extraordinarily difficult. We think the best thing to do is to be transparent, but if you’re -- in terms of helping you understand what should be the particular period -- but if you’re trying to think about, I wouldn’t use the $0.30 that we’ve seen, the $30 million that we’ve seen thus far the $0.40, I would think more in lines of what we’ve seen in the past, which has been kind of in that $10 million to $18 million range. So we will continue to update you as we go along, but predicting something like that is very, very difficult.
Bill Federici: Yes, look, I think Derik what we’re saying is that construct the six. -- the 6% to 8% growth organically driven by the mix shift to high-value products and the increased optionality in terms of growth coming from our proprietary devices is going to drive along with operational efficiencies, is going to drive approximately 100 basis points on average each year to our operating margin. We still feel very, very comfortable with making those claims. And we’ve actually seen this result when high-value product growth is high, in that high-singles to low-doubles that we expected to grow over the long periods of time. That generates very, very good margin. There’s a great correlation between that and generating good margin expansion. So that construct along with our operational efficiencies gives us a lot of comfort that we’re going to continue to grow in approximately 100 basis points on average per year.
