Don Morel: The first project is online as we speak; we are doing validation and trial runs on the tooling. The second one will come into operation later in the year. We expect the first to contribute a good amount during the year; the second one a bit more modestly. So both of those should be up and running by Q3 or Q4.
Don Morel: No, it’s actually comprised of a combination of paid development agreements, private (inaudible) plus revenues from proprietary products.
Don Morel: Yeah, that number is up from 1st of the year 2013. Rafael Tejada – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Alright, gotcha.
Don Morel: No, I mean the weather issue was a non-issue for us actually, surprisingly. The one plant we were worried about was our upstate pharma plant in Jersey Shore. Everything was in line with expectations there. On the specialty pharma front the only change that we have really seen has been the one customer that ceased operations in 2013. They were a contract manufacturer and predominantly consumed the high-value FluroTec and West® closures. So those revenues are being picked up by other customers. We’re seeing slight increases in some and we’ve seen the status quo in others but we haven’t seen any single customer stand out.  The only ones that really have a strong delta are the ones that I spoke about previously that had to do the qualification runs because of the process change at our French plant and those that had strong inventory builds in the second half of the year. But we see those orders returning in Q2.Rafael Tejada – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And this is more of a higher-level question, Don, but one of the questions I’m getting is on basically the potential impact of some of the pharma consolidation, asset changes, etc. And basically just thinking about the way in which in the past these sort of transactions have impacted the business, whether as it relates to inventory de-stocking, and so just wanted to get your perspective on what you’re seeing out there – any concern in the business and I guess any actions to mitigate any sort of risks that may present? And a lot of these things are so early but I just wanted to get your thoughts.
Don Morel: Yeah, I think the key point, Rafael, is what you said at the end – they are very early. Once they close and we consolidate some plans the merger plans begin to take effect. The principle effect on us tends to be a delay in development programs where decisions are pushed off until the organization is worked out and the various lines of decision making are established.  The other way that we’re affected is often if there is a concentration in a particular therapeutic category the regulatory authorities may ask them to divest certain product lines. We usually see those picked up. So there can be a change in order patterns while those sales take place and the new producer picks up the product, but they tend to take place over time and they’re very, very hard to predict. So qualitatively one, the ways of the development programs and the decisions made there in terms of what to fund and what to prioritize; and two, the product shifts that sometimes take place.Rafael Tejada – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Don Morel: Ross, one comment. You have to be careful with that comparison because I would suspect the 2013 number incorporated some volume for the contract manufacturer I spoke about. So the delta is actually better on a comparative basis.
Don Morel: I think I would put it more into a family as opposed to a single product, Ross. Clearly a lot of that is FluroTec and Teflon-coated closures as well as prefilled syringe plungers. Those would be the driving categories.
Don Morel: Yeah, if you were to normalize the quarter, Arnie, for the HVP sales that declined I think you’d see the margins pretty much in line with where we were in prior-
Don Morel: We certainly haven’t seen any signs of that. I mean obviously the total course of therapy for the Hep-C drug out of Gilead kind of hit everybody between the eyes. I mean there’s no doubt that it’s expensive. But in terms of development programs we see coming in and customer inquiries on closure systems and devices for new drugs we see no change. I mean clearly the conversation is going to continue because of the ACA and reimbursement but if you’re the person that needs the drug I think you’re going to find a way to pay for it. So we’re optimistic. The pipeline is as good as it’s ever been. The composition of the trials coming through the FDA has a very high percentage of biologics as you know and that’s a space where West really enjoys a comfortable technology advantage currently as well as relationships with those customers that are key. So I’m optimistic.
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Operator, and thank you everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again with our Q2 results in the latter part of July or early August. Thank you.
Bill Federici: Yeah, primarily as you know the backlog will be revenue generally in the next quarter plus some that falls into the succeeding two quarters after that. That has, the curve of that has shortened – because of our shortened lead times customers don’t need to place their orders as much in advance. So you see a lot of that come through in Q2 and Q3.Rafael Tejada – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And also just thinking about the pacing of the year, you’re reaffirming the sales growth but I’m wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail I guess in terms of how you see the sales trajectory changing, pacing through the year. And you’re reaffirming your margin outlook, too, so just given what we saw in Q1 how do we see that moving through the year? Thanks.
Bill Federici: It was 53% high-value products of the total which is what it is at the end of March this year as well. At the end of December as I mentioned it was down to 49% of total.Ross Taylor – CL King and Associates : Okay.
Bill Federici: But you’re right – the fact that there is a backlog increase in that composition of the increase is largely related to high-value products. This does give us a lot of comfort that that 8% to 12% growth for the remainder of the year makes a lot of sense to us in high-value products.Ross Taylor – CL King and Associates : Okay, that’s helpful. And then my last question relates to one of the comments in your press release on SmartDose where you stated that you expect some promising early-stage work to emerge as full-scale development programs during 2014. And if something becomes a full-scale development program does that mean it’s highly likely or 100% likely that it’s going to go into clinical trials? Or how should we think about a “full-scale development program?” 
Bill Federici: Yeah, the price you mentioned it on, in Packaging Systems the price increase was 0.4 percentage points. If you compare that to Q1 2013 it was 2.4 percentage points.
Bill Federici: And remember, Arnie, as we said in the release normal inflationary cost increases have affected our margin as well. And those things along with when you have less high-value products you have less throughput in the plants so your efficiency isn’t as good, your absorption isn’t as good. So all of those factors together caused that margin to decline by 2.2% on a consolidated basis.
Bill Federici: The IT spend was down, not a lot – it was roughly the same as it was in Q1 last year. And our spend for the full year will be roughly equivalent to what it was last year.
