Eric Green: Great, thank you Bill. In conclusion, we delivered a strong set of results and made significant progress in executing the first year of our long-term market led strategy. Our commercial team continues to make deeper in-roads with the discreet customer groups we have targeted. Our global operations team has a roadmap to improve quality, safety, service and cost. And our innovation and technology team is building a strong pipeline of integrated containment and delivering products to meet customer needs. For this reasons we believe the future looks bright, and we will continue to deliver long-term value for our customers and shareholders.  Candice, we are ready to take questions. Thank you. 
Eric Green: Yes, in regards to Waterford, in the Phase I of the insulin sheeting we are in process towards the end of 2017 to validate with our customers and the commercial revenues will be observed in the first part of 2018. On the Dublin contract manufacturing facilities, we have started up and we’ll start seeing commercial revenues ramp up throughout the year for our industry customers.
Eric Green: Yeah. Paul, there is really two ways of looking at it, one is start with the high value products portfolio, on our last commercial sales. We continue to see very healthy conversion going from standard packaging up to high value products and addition too we’re seeing new molecules which is exhibited in 2016 injectable drugs that were approved were around 90% of those. And so we’re seeing a very nice uptake continuing in our high value products. That said, the innovation team is continued to expand the portfolio and raising the capabilities to new formulas, new processing technology to raise the quality standards, which obviously bodes well with our customers today. When we look at on the CZ and SmartDose, or in self-injection devices, we’ve seen in bulk situations of both of those product lines, an increase of number of developments. So in SmartDose there is a slight increase on the number of developments with customers and there is more conversations going on today than we’ve had over a year ago. And then on the CZ there is an increase on formal stability. So, we’re still very pleased with the progress, although its timing with our customers, we still see those two platforms very strong viable growth long-term.
Eric Green: Sarah, we take a look at what we have accomplished in 2016, looking at the pending order list that we have with our customers and also the investments we made in certain parts of our business we feel really strong with the 7% to 9%, to dimension that's a little bit, our pharma business we believe that we'll continue with mid-single growth as in -- obviously, we delivered that in '16. In the generics business, while there is some lumpiness with their top customers and I mentioned earlier that smaller customers on generics are lower than 50%, but really about third of our business are five large generics and we have clear visibility on their stocking and they are actually moving up to high value product curve and the strength of our operations reducing lead times by 2x has given the top and continues to stay high single low double in that business. Biologics, we have seen continued strength around double-digit consistently. And then contract manufacturing is one that in 2016, we are about mid-single, but with the investments we made we are ramping up to the high-single throughout 2017. And if you add all that up, it's between that, we're very comfortable with the 7% to 9% organic.
Eric Green: Yes, when we look back in Q4 we knew -- talking with our generic customers, we knew that because of the success we have with reduced lead times, that there was going to be a reduction on their safety stock in their own manufacturing facility. And therefore, we have that anticipated and really first half of 2017. But was brought forward a little bit earlier than we anticipated in the later part of Q4. So that is one of the drivers that we see as a reason why you're seeing stronger growth in the second half of 2017 than the first half. The other is, as we mentioned early about the contract manufacturing, some of the investments we made in the tooling and getting our sites up and running are in the ramp up phase at this point. And that’s what bring in in the mid-single to the high-single and again a lot of that's borne in the back half of the year.
Eric Green: Larry, we historically in the last several years have been roughly around 1% price contribution in our business. I would say '16 it was slightly less than that, and at this point and as we looked into '17, we believe we’ll still continue to be around that 1% plus or minus slightly. But, not a significant deviation from what we’ve seen over the last two years or three years.
Eric Green: So it's two elements, one is the development agreements that we were working on and later prior to 2016 are looking to implement more in the early 2017 timeframe. The second is around commercial ramp up working with our customers and we have pretty clear line of sight. But that is some push more into early '17 than late '16. So those are the two elements that really drove that 10% growth versus a little bit higher than we anticipated.
Eric Green: Honestly, what we're trying to do is just to provide -- be transparent and we believe this is a business, the way to business is evolving these entities, market units, it's more effective to talk about it the way we are.
Eric Green: So I'm not clear on the question Juan, do you mean for the whole year or are you just talking regarding the we talked about Q1 and we also gave some guidance that it relates to the full-year on consolidated gross margin.
Eric Green: So from the leverage perspective, yes, absolutely we expect leverage to come from both SG&A and R&D. So our operating profit margin will be, expansion will be greater than our gross profit margin expansion.
Eric Green: Yes, Juan. At this point, when we take a look at the business, this 2017 is really a ramp up of the investments made in '16 and just to be a little more granularity, this is really the focus on the diabetes market on delivery devices, whether it’s insulin pens or even continues glucose monitoring devices. And as the ramp up phases, we’ll see a higher impact on the percent growth rate in '17. We anticipate that to kind of level back to mid-single long-term as we see the markets today are slightly better than the market. So that’s what we’re looking at, it's more of a '17 ramp up.
Eric Green: Yeah. I think when we look at the diabetes market, you’re right, when we look at the primary container of where we sit with our [indiscernible] business, we're basically on all the formats for the delivered devices. When it comes to the device itself, for contract manufacturing there are a number of players. Especially when you start talking about wearables, it's a very early stage at this point. But we feel good about where we are, we are a critical supplier partner with the large insulin manufactures. We also have connectivity to other firms that are looking at this space from a device perspective. So, you’re right, there is a number of competitors are looking at it because of the attractive growth, but we’re already in the market, we’re expanding the market, we’re adding new products to build support, the growth of our customers.
Eric Green: No, I would say that at this point it's pretty consistent to what we have been seeing. Obviously with products that have been in the drug market for a number of years maybe over a decade, may have more pressure on the standard packaging components. But, when we look at the high value products and the devices we obviously have continued runway to capture 1% per annum. So, we’re pretty comfortable with that.
Bill Federici: So for '16 Paul, for the full-year the FX was a $0.04 negative hit to us. For 2017 we expect we'll seeing continued headwinds from currencies. The euro has declined as dollar strengthens against that and against Asian and South American currency. So we expect to see a $0.05 to $0.07 reduction adverse headwinds from currency in 2017. 
Bill Federici: Sure. So, Sarah the euro versus dollar, everybody knows that one. When we talked to you last year at the end of October, it was hovering right around above $1.10 per Euro. Now, we’ve guided here for the full year our view of it is that at leading at $1.05. Now obviously, that will change, but we had to put a stake in the ground somewhat, so we put it at $1.05 per Euro. On the other pieces of the puzzle, certainly in Asia, where we sell at our Singapore facility in both dollars and euros we’re seeing the impact of the strengthening dollar there as well. And in South America we're seeing the volatility of those currencies continue and that will continue to provide a headwind for us. In addition to the fact that we still have an investment in Venezuela and we noted the situation there, should there be another official devaluation, we have an exposure of somewhere between $5 million and $7 million depending on what they devalue the business too. So, those are the primary drivers there, I mean there is a lot involved in this obviously, as we are very global business with operations all over the place, but that is for the primary drivers.
Bill Federici: I could give you on the sales and then you can convert that, but it's not perfect. So on the sales for 2016 we were 40% basically Euro based and Asian and Latin and South American businesses we're [technical difficulty] magnitude 10%. 
Bill Federici: Yes, I would say one is the uptake on the conversations we're having with the generic, and as we talk about our innovation platform, we're already looking at potentially new formulas for them that will allow us to compete more on the high value products and do the switching. So it's a little bit a type of comp, that's the difference between I'd say in October then what we are today.
Bill Federici: Yeah. On the contract manufacturing side Larry, the tooling revenues are very, very low margin as you suggested. So that mix shift from -- but the good news is, it’s a poor shadowing of commercial business coming through on contract manufacturing. Those customers are ready, we’re starting to provide them product. So Q1, starting in Q1 and going through 2017, we'll be replacing tooling revenues with good margin revenues in contract manufacturing. So, yes it did absolutely hurt us, that tooling piece was about 6.5 million of extra tooling revenues in the fourth quarter of 2016, which hurt us to a tune of 1.2 margin point in contract manufacturing. So, we expect it to be the mix shift and as it starts to come with those new customers to really bring us up on the margin scale for contract manufacturing throughout the 2017.
Bill Federici: Absolutely, Larry. But you got to be patient with these things. As you know our business, we are not expecting any real growth coming out Waterford in 2017, really doesn’t start commercial until early part [technical difficulty]. We'll get some benefit out of contract manufacturing in Dublin, more activity there, more sales there. But it's at 20% margins as oppose to the high 55% high value product margins we expect out of Waterford. So, yes the answer is -- the long-term answer is, absolutely we believe if we can drive our effective tax rate south, but to be honest, in the interim as we continue to sell more and more high value products in the U.S. and other high tax jurisdiction countries there is going to be upward pressure on that rate. I don’t expect it to move a lot during 2017, but I wouldn’t be expecting a significant decline in 2017.
