Donald Morel: Thanks very much, Bill. This concludes our remarks for this morning. And we now will be pleased to answer any questions you might have. 
Donald Morel: And you can appreciate, Arnold, many of the development agreements that are customer funded are task related, so that there will be some lumpy revenues for delivery as we forward. 
Donald Morel: Clearly, Aptar has made a strategic decision to look at the injectable market. It compliments their existing pharmaceutical business on the pulmonary side. They have a very strong franchise in valves for metered dose inhalers. It bears watching, certainly they are going to invest and try and grow that business. Any effects will probably not be seen, for I would guess, a period of maybe 3 to 5 years because of the regulatory mode around the business. 
Donald Morel: I think it's difficult to put a quantitative handle on that, Ross. It's been mostly into disposable device of that. We've seen it creep over into the pharma side. Our expectation it's likely to tailor off. 
Donald Morel: The second part of your question Arnie is that, we haven't necessarily deemphasized the contract part of the business. It happens to be growing very robustly this year. Customer demand in the assemble devices, that we're doing has been very, very strong. So that's actually rising a little bit faster than sales on the proprietary side. And because proprietary is a lot lower, that the ratio was maintained at that 80-20 kind of level. If you recall, when we talked about our 5 year plan at the Investor Day, our expectation was, once the validation and stability is done on many of the proprietary systems, when you get into the mid-14, mid-15 timeframe, you start to get a dramatic shift in that ratio with a proprietary increasing. 
Donald Morel: No. The volume is actually is showing fairly modest growth. What you're seeing a lot of the effect of mix where you've got a very high demand for the higher value products and also the effect of price. 
Donald Morel: CZ interest is really being driven by general market conditions. We can't comment further on the Amgen agreement. But if you follow what's happening, generally within our space in injectables, concerns about delamination of glass and about breakage, are getting more and more attention. So I think generally the market is taking a look at alternatives to glass in a broader sense, and that's where we see the interest. 
Donald Morel: The time lag has been relatively short since the Investor Day. The feedback that we're hearing is very, very positive, but again to make these switches does not happen overnight, because of the regulatory requirements. But we do believe when we look at the uptick [ph] of Westar at 10 years ago, that NovaPure will in large part follow that trajectory. So over the next 6 to 24 months, we think we're going to see increases. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much operator, and thanks everyone for your time this morning. We look forward to talking with you again in early November when we provide our third quarter results and an early look into our revenue expectations for 2013. Thanks very much. 
William Federici: That's -- you remember what -- at the end of the quarter, we had the converts added there. So you would have 2.9 million less shares, but you have the weighted average debt, so the convert shares were outstanding for about 170 days or so. And there are not going to be included for about just under 200 days. So when you think about it, you should use for the full year about 35.8 million shares versus what it would be if we had left them outstanding for the whole year, about 37.3 million shares. 
William Federici: No. You see that's the total number excluding exchange rate to 11%, Ross. And included in that number is about 3% to 4% of those things you talked about, the special kind of non-normal run rate issues. We look at it and we say, we're somewhere between 5% and 7% normalized growth. 
William Federici: Let me take the first part of your question. Arnie, if you take the $3.8 million now, you'd also have to take out the expenses that were incurred during the year that this was a reinvestment of. So yes, when you say it's a one-time reimbursement of prior development cost incurred. So you'd have to take nearly both of them out and you'd end up somewhere close to the same number. But your general comments about it being less of a favorable mix and therefore less profitable, is true. That is in fact the case, our proprietary device sales were 20% of total which is equivalent to what it was in the prior year. But some of those proprietary devices were at the lower end of the proprietary device margin scale. So they weren't nearly as profitable as, say, the CZ was and as you know CZ was short about $200,000 compared to the prior-year quarter. So those all things added together, the number isn't terribly, dramatically different from what we have here. But there was an impact from that $3.8 million. 
William Federici: They were in the first and second quarter. Some of that was incurred in 2011, but again not all of it. 
William Federici: You're talking about gross margin. We can answer that for you. I mean, there are increased costs associated with our, raw materials were up in the Packaging Systems space, 1.2 margin points. And you had currency running the other way from you. And you had general inflationary cost, so a full 4 margin point increase in Packaging Systems margins already is pretty spectacular. And we're very happy with it, yes. When you think about, if you just took the margin differential between the standard products and high value product, you're absolutely right. It's roughly closing in on being double. But you do have to take into consideration the raw material price increases and other general inflationary increases as an offset. 
