Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 15, we are the market leader in injectables with an even stronger position in Biologics. We are seeing promising signs from our customers that destocking is at a turning point. We are investing significant capital in higher growth areas with expanded margins and cash-flow, and I'm confident that we'll achieve our long-term financial construct with our proven market-led strategy and future growth drivers. With great pride, we will continue to live by our purpose, and make a positive impact on patient lives. Shannon, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you, Paul. The destocking -- the activity that we are seeing is actually a combination of both. Obviously, we're still seeing a little bit of destocking in the COVID vaccines. But also during the pandemic, there was several of our customers when we are having discussions with them were increasing their safety stock levels significantly to from several months to because our lead times got a little bit longer. Now that we've installed the capacity, we are -- our service levels are at an all-time high for our customers, and we're able to respond quickly, they are now taking down those safety stock levels. So, it is a combination of both, but it is also allowing our customers to normalize their safety stock for our products in the market. Our belief, and speaking with our customers, the end patient demand on the molecules still remains in-line as what we expected. Our -- the market shift is not occurring, is consistent, as we've been speaking for the last several years. And our win rates in new molecule approvals continues to be as good, if not in some cases, better than what we had in the past. So I feel really good where we are moving forward. In regards to our investments, two particular areas in Contract Manufacturing will be online in second half of this year. That's in Grand Rapids, Michigan and also in Dublin, Ireland. And then in regards to proprietary, yes, we have additional benefits coming from Kinston and other expansions in our HVP plants towards the end of this year.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, there's two-fold there. One is, in the beginning of the year, after having discussions with our customers, we had an indication that the return will be a little bit sooner than we anticipate. What I mean by that is, a little more pronounced back to normalized demand curves in the second half of this year. As we progress through Q2, we started seeing the intra-quarter demand slightly less than we anticipated, and we see that persisting a little bit into Q3. So we do see sequential improvements over the next couple of quarters, and as I mentioned, returning back to growth in Q4. And that is really our customers are gradually going back to where they were pre-COVID. So, we don't see any variations below or any variation slightly above. It's just pretty much consistent when a customer tells us what they're targeting, i.e., 12 months or nine months or 16 months. I will tell you though, every customer that we're speaking to has a different algorithm that they manage to. So, it's not universal from one customer to the next. And as we go through the different segments, whether it's generics, biologics or small-molecule pharma, they're also in different stages of this -- of the destocking.
Eric Green: I won't be able to pinpoint exactly which quarter over the next few quarters, but we will get back to that 7% to 9% construct. Like I said earlier, our position in the marketplace, the areas of growth that we're focused on is Biologics and some -- and across the entire portfolio, what's outsized that growth is biologics, GLP-1s and some of the work we're doing for our customers whilst moving up the HVP curve. So yes, we feel confident we will be back to that 7% to 9% construct.
Eric Green: Yes, Justin, exactly that's the point. We're unfortunately during the pandemic due to the demand that was put on our business, our lead times did go up to anywhere between 30 weeks to 50 weeks. And with the consistency now in the last several quarters of, call it, 8 to 12 weeks, sometimes earlier, sometimes a little bit longer depending on the processing, our customers are realigning their reordering patterns based on those lead times. And we're seeing that clearly. So, as they built inventories during the longer lead time periods and during the supply chain constraints during the pandemic, and across the whole industry, we're seeing that also coming down, but also the realigning. So what you'll see a pattern of more frequency instead of one large bolus is more paced throughout the next three or four quarters, which by the way is also very effective for our operations. So it aligns real well with where we want to be long-term.
Eric Green: And I'll just add to this. Thanks Bernard. And -- so it became more of a gradual recovery, I believe, in what we're seeing versus a more pronounced Q3 recovery. And that's actually one of the drivers of why, based on the customer conversations, it's a still similar group of customers across multiple segments. Yes, there's some of the larger ones we highlighted earlier in the year that they're actually going through the process and then getting closer to the end of that process. But as we look through with these discussions, we look at where they are in their process, where we are with our able to produce products in a very short period of lead times, we are confident moving back to a long-term construct. And that will, it's going to take a little more time than we anticipated, but as it indicated in the guidance that we gave, we're getting closer to that in Q4. And we believe that will carry on going forward. So yes, Matt, that's a very clear statement we made earlier this year about being more acute, but it's taking a little bit longer to work out than we anticipated in the industry.
Eric Green: Yes, Matt, the clarity of more recent conversations than the beginning of the year gives us that conviction of where we're going in the near term. And moving up to, when I talk about the mid to long term, getting back to that growth algorithm we've been accustomed to and we expect based on our market position and what we see ahead of us. But yes, we're -- the clarity of where they want to land with the safety stock and the confidence they have in our ability to deliver and meet those service levels that we expect and our customers expect, and we're able to do that today with the capacity we have online. And that's the reason why we continue to fuel the capital so that as the growth continues to occur in 2025 and beyond, is that we're well-positioned versus getting behind the curve, which would happen during the pandemic. So, we have much more visibility today and better clarity. And we're firm on making sure that we are going to be delivering what we said we're going to deliver.
Eric Green: Jacob, I'll take that. So, first of all, on repurposing the assets, that's done. So, we're able to leverage not just for like NovaPure stoppers, but also use the processing for plungers as an example or other types of SKUs in the HVP portfolio. So, the team has done a great job to get those assets ready to go and they're ready to go. And so, as demand comes in, we're ready to respond accordingly. In regards to what our customers are telling us in regards to where they want to stay with their safety stock, because of where we are in the supply chain, and if you think about the economics of our product as a percentage of the drug molecule, we don't see that going any further down below pre-pandemic levels. So, we believe it's going to -- for us, I can't speak for others, but for us, with our customers, for the types of products we provide, the lead times that we can provide, and the number of SKUs we provide our customers, we believe based on the conversations, we'll be back to pre-pandemic levels.
Eric Green: Actually, the -- So, Dan, thanks for the question, but the more variability has been with the larger customers. And the smaller customers, although obviously we're very focused on that because that's really being the pipeline when you think about new developments, and the volumes there are less, and the frequency of orders are probably a bit higher. The predictability of which quarter lands in is lower, but the order of magnitude on the stocking impact is less. So, I'm not sure if that helps, but obviously a very important part of our portfolio are the small, smaller biotech pharma companies when you think about their innovation pipeline and how that feeds into the whole ecosystem of the injectable medicine space. But the impact that has on our fluctuation on the revenues is not as great. I don't know if that helps, Dan.
Eric Green: Not really. I mean, the team is going to work really hard to have -- to get that capacity up and running in full utilization. But the reality is it takes us a few quarters to ramp any new site of that magnitude up to full capacity. So, I would suggest that's not a major driver to why we're calling -- giving the guidance the way we are for Q4.
Eric Green: No. What I would say is that -- and so, David, thanks for the question, but I would say is that the larger customers have larger variability. When they do, we'll have a discussion about a forecast, and then they would, when we get to the point of actually firming up as a firm order, there is some movement that is occurring. And since it doesn't take many of them to have a meaningful impact compared to the smaller account. It is true on a smaller account, and maybe I should have been clearer. When we look at degree of accuracy, we're looking at quarter versus quarter prior year. And therefore, in the smaller accounts, that's less predictable on which exactly month, quarter it will land. We have a high repeat business model, and we mentioned this before, that majority of our revenues, it's almost annuity-like, every year, there's a repeat, and then would -- the variable would be drug demand up or down, and then that's the throttle. But in this particular case, when we talk about the degree of accuracy, the smaller accounts from a quarter versus prior quarter is a little more harder to predict. But from a impact to the revenues, the larger accounts are the ones that have a more meaningful impact on the dollar value perspective from one quarter to the next.
Eric Green: Well, I'm not going to guide 2025 at this point, but what I would say is that the investments we're making and the higher level of CapEx that we're experiencing right now, compared to pre-COVID levels is really targeted at growth in a number of different areas. And for us to layer in that capacity, you're looking at 12, 24, like 36 months in some cases, depending on the lead times of the equipment and the technology that we're installing. And so -- but when we're doing that, we're looking at what markets are growing, we're looking at the regulatory landscape, what changes are requiring there and what finishing capacity we need. We're looking at GLP from both a proprietary and a contract manufacturing perspective. And then we're also looking at our participation across biologics. And again, what sort of capacity we need there. So we've got three pretty powerful drivers for growth coming on over the next couple of years. I mean, for us, we need to have that capacity installed to meet that demand when it actually materializes so we can respond. So we don't get into the position where our lead times get pushed out like they had during the COVID timeframe. Looking beyond, as we said earlier on the call, we would expect our CapEx over the next year or two to get back to more normalized levels of 6% to 8% of revenues. You know, that's what we will be targeting. And that supports the long-term construct growth of 7% to 9% on the top, and be more focused again on creating that mixed shift and supporting that HVP growth. So hopefully that kind of gives you some color.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Larry, just two things on that. One on the increase in CapEx for this year, really the major driver behind that is a business that we've been awarded from customers for our Dublin facility, and where they actually want us to put the capacity in place sooner than originally anticipated. So, we pulled some of that CapEx that we had earmarked for '25 into '24 to meet those requirements. When we look at the longer-term, we're really targeting about 6% to 8% of revenue. So getting back to pre-COVID levels of CapEx for our business. And you know, but that again, if and that's based on the demand that we're seeing today, and how we're going to meet it. If that demand increases or goes beyond that, and particularly around finishing capacity is the areas where we see that could potentially happen, then we would deploy more capital, but it will be very growth-focused if that was the case, and always around or predominantly around HVP.
Bernard Birkett: No, the 6% to 8% would support that level of growth. And as we say, if we go beyond that, and then it depends on what areas and where the growth comes from, we always have the ability to go and adjust that. And, but again, the CapEx remains very growth-focused. And I think we're getting to like 60% to 70% of our CapEx budget is really growth-focused at this point and predominantly around HVP and then some, as Eric said in Contract Manufacturing but that's for very specific customers and very specific businesses.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And if you think -- I remember, within the construct, Larry, there's three drivers in there. One is volume, the other is price, and then you've got mix-shift. So you've got three drivers supporting that construct over the long-term. And if you look back over the CAGR between 2019 and as to where we're guiding today, you know that, that's about 10% growth, right? So, that construct is underpinned by those three drivers. And then if you look at the areas that Eric just called out that support that thesis, particularly around the mix shift, you're looking at the change in regulatory landscape GLP or high-level of participation around biologics and then demand normalization, plus we have the infrastructure and capacity in place now to be able to respond in the required lead times by customers to be able to support that growth over the next number of years.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So on the destocking, Justin, when we look at that, we have been seeing that in our Biologics segment and in Generics, that's where we saw the biggest impacts here in the second quarter. And you know that's really where as we were going through COVID, that's where we saw the most pressure also around lead times where customers really had to manage their supply chains. And that's where we believe the safety stock built over time. So that's why we are seeing destocking in those areas right now, and -- to a larger extent versus comparing this to our other market units. And you can see that play through then on the impact on our gross margin and operating margin is that that's impacting our mix. So we're having, one, volume impact because of that, but we're also having a mix impact. And I think what we saw in COVID and what we would see when we return to normalized growth rates and in seeing that gross margin and operating margin expand in line with our long-term constructs and potentially beyond that. So that's, I think that's where we -- when we look at it, we're looking at it from a revenue perspective, but also looking at an impact on margin, and saying how do we get back to the margins that we're used to delivering on? And when we see those biologics and generic market start to normalize, we'll see the revenue rebound and also from a margin perspective, we'd see that also.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So, what we are seeing is that, for Q3, we don't see any major step up continue in the way we're -- we've been going. Some sequential improvement, as Eric mentioned, and the -- then a step up into Q4. And that step up in Q4 is really driven by the customer segments within biologics and a reasonable improvement in generics. But the main driver is around the biologics market, and that's what we're seeing, and that's the information we're getting from our customers. And that informs the basis of our guide at this point. And as Eric said, then there are metrics around that which are giving us confidence that, that will actually materialize. And then on the EPS, we have been managing our cost base pretty tightly, as you know, we're very operationally focused, and we've been managing the variable costs across our plants. As we have been going through 2024, one thing that we have to be cognizant of with cost management is that when we're expecting to get back to growth, we need to make sure that we have the right resources and capabilities in place to be able to support that growth so we don't derail it. So we're managing that pretty tightly. Other than that, there are -- we're not making any significant cost cuts, but we are -- I would think -- I would say we're using appropriate cost management to manage through the de-stocking period, although it has extended a little bit longer than we originally anticipated. But also, we have to be prepared for returning to growth to make sure that we're able to support our customers with that. Hopefully that helps.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Matt, I'll start off and then, if Eric, if you want to add. What we did see as we were progressing through Q2 and the level of intra-quarter orders that we would have anticipated to materialize in that period of time, it wasn't at the rate that we would have expected it to be. So -- And then there was some timing with customers moving some orders out late in the quarter would have -- has impacted us. And then it's -- as we've looked at the balance of the year, and as we've rolled through the end of June and practically through July, what we're seeing in Q3 is that orders that we would have anticipated materializing for the period and even some for Q4, they just weren't coming through. And when we assessed what was happening there, it's still really related to levels of de-stocking. So it's gone longer than we would have originally anticipated. And that is essentially the main driver. And what we -- when we had looked at it originally, our coverage rate for Q3 and Q4 was pretty much in line with or a little bit ahead of pre-COVID levels. But what hasn't happened then is filling in between the actual orders confirmed and the forecast that we had, that hasn't accelerated in the way that we would have anticipated that, that would take place. And so when we did the assessments, we felt that we have to be transparent and do the right thing and take the guide down, and do it with the right level where we don't want to be in the position where we're cutting and cutting and cutting. So hence the reason why the drop in the guide is pretty significant. It's not something we want to do, but it's reality that we're dealing with today. I think the good thing and the positive for us is that it's actually returning to growth in Q4. So, it's really pushed it out a quarter. And again, Q4 isn't as strong as we would have originally anticipated. So we've taken that down as well.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So, the major impacts on margin that we've seen here in Q2 is really driven by volume and then mix. And for a high volume manufacturing operation, any decrease in volume like that is going to have a significant impact. And where we're seeing it, Jacob, is really in HVP. So, the drop is in biologics and generics. And so, we're getting this kind of outsized impact on margin, where if you look back at take the COVID years when we were getting a large amount of expansion in HVP and growth in that area, we were getting outsized margin expansion, well beyond our 100 basis points. So, essentially what we're seeing now is the reverse of that. So, when things normalize and we start to see growth again and getting back into our long-term construct, that volume growth will be driven within HVP. And then also that aligns with the mixed shift as well improving where our HVP was in the kind of mid-70s as a percent of proprietary revenues. And today, we're saying it's about 71%. And that's the type of impact it has on our business. So, when we're returning to growth, we would expect to see that margin recover pretty much, pretty quickly and in line with that growth, particularly around biologics and the generic space. And then --
Bernard Birkett: Yes. The exact number, we're not going to give out for like pretty obvious reasons, but it's our coverage rates and the go-get that we would have to do now on this new guidance is, I would say, we're more confident around that and delivering it and being able to get it. And it's -- that go-get is based on conversation with customers, understanding their order patterns and changing order patterns and factoring all of that in, and then understanding what their forecasts are. So, that's what's given us the confidence. So, the size of what we have to go-get isn't as large from a dollar perspective. And, as I said, when we talked about it earlier in the year, we had a level of confidence around it and anticipate a certain conversion rate. Obviously, that hasn't materialized in the way we would have anticipated. So, we have adjusted our guidance to reflect that and give us confidence about being able to deliver on the numbers now that we're guiding to.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, David, I'll start with this one here. One of the biggest drivers in the last five years' CAGR taking out COVID was the biologic growth. If you recall back five, six years ago, our participation rate was high, but the percentage of sales of biologics was sub-20%. And I don't have the exact number, pardon me, but it was about 20% of our overall business, if I recall. And as the years progressed over those five years, the number of approvals, the number of biologics that really accelerated the market, and there's a few that we still see continue to outpace the demands that we forecasted with our customers, which is a positive. Now, the base of that business is much larger. I believe it's -- we were roughly around 40%. So, 2x it as a percentage of the whole company and the whole company has grown or doubled in size. So, as we kind of think forward a little bit, the 7% to 9% is -- why we say the financial construct going forward is 7% to 9% is we feel -- we take that in consideration, it's a bigger base we're operating off of. Continue with the leading with the HVP and the biologics area will give us that type of growth off of a close to a $3 billion business.
