William Federici: Yeah, thanks Arnie. If you—one thing we need to remember, again, and we called it out—Don called it out, is that the comps to the final two quarters of 2009 are much more difficult. If you remember, we had kind of a backwards, atypical view of the quarters in 2009 versus what we normally see. And this year, 2010 is more normal. All that said, we do continue to see an increase in the high value products. We continue to see that strategy of selling—of higher margins and higher revenues on the same number of units, which fits in nicely to the biologic space and the high end vaccine space, is continuing and we do expect that to do continue to grow. However, when you look at the cost side of the equation and you compare it to 2009, there are some challenges there. One, obviously, is currency and we’ve talked about that already. Another is raw material prices and we have a—in 2009 in the back half, we were still benefiting from raw material prices which were actually running favorable to what they had been to the prior year. That has changed now and we are seeing the impact—the negative impact. We saw it in the third quarter of 2010 and we will continue to see in the fourth quarter of 2010 versus the comparable period. That is a—you know, normal increases in wage rates and overhead, increased depreciation which is driving off of our capital expenditures over the last few years, those are all items that are having an impact on the gross margin.
William Federici: Well, we won’t talk about next year, as we discussed, until the February call; but this year we are expecting to spend $25 million on all of our R&D programs, and that’s up roughly $5 million from the 20 million that we spent last year.
William Federici: Yeah, I think—and to comment on 2010, those costs are basically locked in at this point, so we will continue to see in the fourth quarter of 2010 a decrease versus the fourth quarter of 2009. In 2011, that will depend if you recognize—we all recognize how the pension expense works. It is driven off of the actuary’s valuation as of December 31, 2010. Yes, the asset values have increased but interest rates are lower; so when you take a look at the liability, the present value of that liability stream on the pension, it may actually increase versus—in fact, we expect it to increase versus 2010, resulting in some increase in the expense for 2011. Now, all that said, we’re not giving guidance right now but it just gives you directionally, if you’re trying to understand where the pension expense is going to go for 2011. And if interest rates change between now and the end of the year, if they may rise, that may abate a little bit.
William Federici: Right now we’re looking at about 24% - 24.2, I think, is where we are for the full year. That could change if there is a—if the R&D extender bill gets passed, but at this point we are expecting 24.2%.
William Federici: Yeah. We don’t—other than the—the one thing that’s a wild card there is the change in geographic mix of the earnings. I mean, if it’s higher in our low tax jurisdictions, it helps us. If it’s higher in our high tax jurisdictions, it hurts us. But we will be looking at that closely as we get towards the end of the year.
William Federici: And again, Derek, just a reminder that it’s off a small base. We’re at about 25 million in sales this year, 2010, for India and China.
William Federici: Absolutely, Ross.Ross Taylor – CL King and Associates: Okay. And final question – did I hear you say that CAPEX next year would be in a range of 120 to 140 million? And I think also as part of that, you said there’d be increased investments in China and India; and I don’t know if you could give any color on what some of those investments might be in terms of size or opportunity.
William Federici: It’s spread across multiple projects, and the three main ones are CZ, obviously ConfiDose, and the micro-infusion systems.
William Federici: And if you missed it, Jim, the CZ sales number is somewhere between 5 and $6 million.James Sidoti – Sidoti & Company: Right, right. I saw that. But, I mean—so your ramp-up for the 5.5 to 6 million, but still probably not real material based on your revenue (inaudible).
Donald Morel, Jr.: And on the Westar UR side, Arnie, that’s a situation where the conversions are probably going to mirror the uptake of Westar RS. You may recall the slide we showed at the investor day back in May where you have an introductory period of a couple years. People start to use it and then the ramp up starts to take off. In this particular case going to the RU, the customers have to do a regulatory filing. The FDA evaluates the filing for the change. They have to respond within a certain period of time and then the customer can go forward. So we haven’t heard anything to indicate that they’ve asked for additional information, and our expectation is that RU use, given the cleanliness demands of the industry, will slowly ramp up over the next couple of years.
Donald Morel, Jr.: It will have an impact on our margin again offset, as Bill indicated, by some of the other things. But yes, it should have a positive impact on our margin.
Donald Morel, Jr.: I don’t know where the pricing negotiations are going to come out, quite honestly. We’ve got—we’re into it about six weeks. It affects about half of our business between Europe and North America. And given the pressures in the market, I think we’re in a good position but we’ll have to see where it comes out. I think the unit growth is going to be stronger in Asia, as I commented. Historically over the last couple of years in China and India, we’ve seen close to 20, 25% growth in each one of those markets independently, albeit off of a slow base. A fortunate thing is we’ve seen stronger growth in South America which is a larger base overall. We do about 35 million down there. So those are the markets that are growing in terms of unit volume. Again, in the Western markets, we think that it’s going to be driven by the continued uptake of the value-added products, not so much by unit growth.
Donald Morel, Jr.: It mirrors our packaging components, really, because the CZ is the primary container so the customer is required to do formal stability and submit that data as part of their supplement or as part of their application, and that period is two years. So for customers that are in formal stability now, ideally they would receive a favorable response sometime in the late 2012 time frame, and I think we’ve commented publicly that our expectation is that we’ll see moderate volume increases in 2012 towards the end, depending on timing, and that the ramp up with first commercial—real commercial production would occur in 2013. And that’s still the timeline we’re looking to.David Windley – Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then just one other question on the ConfiDose, in your prepared remarks you mentioned an opportunity to commercialize in 2013. I don’t think I understood if that was a broad statement about ConfiDose and the timing of meaningful revenue there, or if that was a particular opportunity targeted for ConfiDose.
Donald Morel, Jr.: I would say that we’ll see uptake in terms of opportunities broadly through 2011 and 2012. I think we’re being a little bit conservative. But 2013 for us is the most likely point at which we’ll see high volume production.David Windley – Jefferies & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yeah, actually our margins are pretty solid in both India and China. They’re a little bit better than our average gross margin for the pharmaceutical packaging systems. Because the competitive landscape there is much more intense with the local producers, our goal is to basically build our share in the high value-added part of the segment, not to compete in the lower margin bulk drugs. And our expectation is that we will get to a fairly substantial part of that market. I mean, we do have some fairly unique technologies that give us an advantage. Overall, I would say the growth expectations are going to be mirroring what we’ve seen over the last couple of years there. The big issue is getting the right capacity in place because we will be out of capacity in Singapore sometime in the 2012 – 2013 timeframe, hence the investments in China in the rubber facility, which we hope to break ground on next year, and looking at the India equation. So we have high expectations for those markets.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Yeah again, it’s a matter of getting the right footprint in the right location. So I think Bill highlighted that this year, CAPEX would probably fall in the 80 to 90 million range versus our original guidance. The large delta there is due to our delay in executing the China rubber project and getting our preparatory work for India. So our expectation in ’11 is that we will break ground on the China rubber facility and begin that work, and progress our efforts in India with regard to planning and site selection. And the key drivers there, again, are that we are seeing robust unit growth in both of those markets. We’ve historically supplied them out of Singapore. We completed that expansion, which was started back in ’07 and ’08, last year, the early part of last year; and if demand continues in those markets on the same trajectory, then we’ll be out of capacity by ’12, ’13. And again, if you think about the timeline for getting equipment in, running the validation trials on that equipment, sampling the customer, and then getting the customer’s approval, if we break ground next year we hope to be in a position to supply in 2013. But we have to deal with that regulatory lag between when the capital goes in and when we’re actually allowed to do commercial sales.Ross Taylor – CL King and Associates: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Donald Morel, Jr.: ConfiDose and the micro-infuser are longer term. You’ll see smaller revenues off of those through the development agreements we signed with our customers where they risk-share the R&D part of it. CZ sales, we believe, will increase. We don’t have a firm handle on that yet, but certainly those revenues will begin to ramp up ’11, ’12 going forward. But the real commercial ramp, again—the ramp in ’11 will be continued sampling activity and vial activity. The real ramp comes when we get first commercial production of the 1mL CZ syringe.
Donald Morel, Jr.: Thank you very much, Operator. This concludes our commentary for today. Thank you very much for your time.
