Rafael Tejada: Hi, good morning. And Don, it's been great working with you. Eric, looking forward to building relationship with you as well.
Rafael Tejada: Got it. Okay. And just a couple on the -- just in terms of the P&L and the guidance, the R&D spend was a little bit lighter than what we had baked in into our model. And so I'm just thinking about how is West thinking about the R&D spend for the rest of this year.
Rafael Tejada: Okay. And a couple more just on guidance. Just clarifying, I mean, you maintained the 6% to 8% constant currency guidance, but before you were saying the high-end. So I just want to make sure that nothing there has changed in terms of how you're looking at the business.
A - Don Morel: Yes, I mean the guidance was based on the demand pattern we see across all segments of our business. So the information we currently have at hand it's baked in.
A - Don Morel: It will probably happen in the later part of year, Rafael, yes, we don't expect it in the second quarter. As Bill indicated in his remarks, the composition of the backlog is several percentage point higher in terms of the high-value products. The only issue we see is that some of those sales are going to recur in higher tax jurisdiction. So we want those much for the bottom-line if we would like.
A - Don Morel: It's really the later part. As we've talked about before it's the unpredictability of the validation stability and clinical trials for those products. So we're going to continue to see some lumpiness. Yes, there is some upside there may be some downside. We will comment on that quarter-to-quarter as best we see it. All I can say is where I said looking at the plan that we laid out our performance against that plan has been very good, and my expectation is that over that next 12 months to 24 months we will see a ramp up in both CZ activity and SmartDose activity. So we're very encouraged by both development agreements and by the potential for these systems in later stage clinical trials to go commercial.
A - Don Morel: Yes, it’s going to unfold based on customer requirements. Really there is some areas where we can soften up a little bit as we look towards the end of the year. Those are really the far-out program. There may be cost for us to ramp up that spending depending on how we see some of their trials unfolding as their requirement. So I wouldn't read anything into it, other than we had the opportunity to cut a little bit and we'll look at it quarter-by-quarter.
A - Don Morel: So I think there was a couple of ways to look at it. The first of which is that we go back and look at trends over the past eight quarters roughly. And if you normalize the quarter-to-quarter numbers what we've seen is that 8% to 12% type of growth in those categories. You may recall from the chart that we show in the Investor Presentation you map that over five years our CAGR assuming that range. And we know that we'll continue to see some lumpiness there simply by our customers, inventory strategies, and by slight changes and demand in the marketplace. The important takeaway is that we believe we will see low-to-mid-double-digit growth in that product category for the foreseeable future and certainly the approval as you look at the biologic pipeline coming through, bodes very well for sustained growth.
A - Don Morel: Yes. It's a little difficult to predict, Larry, because as you know we get the seasonality in Q3 with the European plant shutdown and PM that's done in the Americas. And with the pharma guys demand will be a little bit lumpy in the fourth quarter because they're going into the end of the year. So it's our traditional pattern. I wouldn't read anything with that gross margin into flowing through the rest of the year other than solid first quarter and we'll manage the business appropriately going forward.
A - Don Morel: Yes, again a lumpy picture back to Ralph's question was the timing of orders for things like CZ and SmartDose, as well as the other proprietary products. The issue in the quarter was that we had a fairly large amount of development revenue recognized which does not carry very high margins. As our percentage of propriety products increases you will see the impact of that mitigate.
Bill Federici: And Rafael, just one more clarification, remember that these products the customer controls the timing of all of that, whether it be stability testing, the application, the answering the regulators question et cetera in the timing of the launch. So that's what makes it a little bit lumpy and a little bit less predictable.
Bill Federici: No the -- that we have other than currency that's really all the -- all the impact that we see. Everything else remains the same.
Bill Federici: It's really the currency. We -- our previous guidance was at $1.15, Rafael, and we gave this guidance at $1.08.
Bill Federici: And again, if you look at that, use that $0.01 to $0.01, $0.01 decrease in the value in euro versus the dollar over a full-year each $0.01 is about worth of penny of EPS. So somewhere between $0.05 and $0.07 is what we have think is the number. For the first quarter of 2014, just as a reminder, we were at actual exchange rate of $1.37 per euro. That same number is what we're expecting for Q2 in terms of what it actually was last year was about $1.37 also. And using that same dollar rate the difference is in the second quarter as we've stated is somewhere between $0.07 and $0.08 of impact of currency.
Bill Federici: And Larry, we did provide some guidance for the full-year on the margin and you can see that margin is roughly equivalent or slightly higher than last year's margin for us for PDS.
