Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 15, looking ahead with a sharpened focus, we continue to ensure our growth strategy is bringing value to our customers. Our committed order book remains robust. We continue to capture the benefits of the globalization of our operating network and delivering products in this complex environment. And we continue to drive forward the capital investments across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. Gigi, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, the lower CapEx guidance is really two things. One is delivery of equipment that’s been delayed in a couple instances and also longer duration of capital build up projects. So we’re seeing that as the impact, not demand. We still need the capital in place to really get caught up to the demand we have in our hands today.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul. That’s one of the drivers of the healthy order – committed order book. And that is particularly in the biologics area, we’re seeing out size growth than we anticipated working with our customers.
Eric Green: Well, we have really five key high-value product plants. The two that have probably the most constraints right now are here in the United States, Kinston and Jersey Shore, and we’re currently working to have that resolved as we speak.
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, thank you for the questions. So there’s two things to give you insights on. One is, when you think about inventory management, the only part of our business where there’s fluctuation, I would say is around the COVID-19 vaccines. That has been quite volatile in the last several months. And I would argue that transition to lower volume has been a little bit faster than we anticipated. But when it comes to demand for our other products, particularly base, think about our high-value products, we’re not seeing that inventory management. In fact, just meeting with customers more recently, they are very keen for us to get the installed equipment that’s currently being worked on and validated and up and running to really alleviate some of the bottlenecks that we have today. So we don’t see that large any major movement. We did, however, for clarity, I did say in the script that as we went through 2022, our lead times were extended because of the demand we had on COVID at the time, and therefore, we had orders that we were committing to customers in early 2023. But that wasn’t driven by any inventory management that was driven by our visibility to make the order in a timely fashion. Now, on the second part – Larry, the second part on giving guidance or giving visibility of sales, I think it’s important to give context with what we just described about installation capacity and the current demand to give visibility what we’re seeing that’s going into 2023 with a high degree of confidence.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, that’s fair to say. So as we transition from very long runs of NovaPure stoppers to shorter runs of NovaPure plungers as an example. The equipment that we had intended to be ready to go halfway through this year, which is that’s the delay that we’ve been discussing as caused that mix shift, lack of productivity. And so once that’s up and running, we will be in a good position to fulfil those orders in a timely fashion.
Eric Green: Yes. On getting that capacity online, that’s actually in progress. And as we mentioned in the comments at the start, we would expect to see that early 2023. So, we are reasonably confident around having that uplift.
Eric Green: Yes, we’ll give you a couple areas. We don’t give specific customers or drug molecules, particularly on the elastomers unless our customers will articulate that publicly. But they do tend to be – first of all, we're seeing, as I indicated a little bit earlier, success is some very drug launches, particularly in biologics that were over the last few years, and that's quite positive. We are obviously in discussions around the obesity drug launches that are being looked at in the marketplaces, diabetes, obviously, those are the key large volume areas that where West is part of those conversations. But going any further into specific drug molecule or a specific customer that would be – we just simply don't go down that path.
Eric Green: Yes. So when you look at the portfolio, it's going to be mostly – you are right. So when you look at COVID-19, mostly it was NovaPure and FluroTec stoppers and high – nice margin associated to that. And but you think about the plungers demand that we currently have. It is a mix but mostly is NovaPure. And that is when you think about the investments we're making right now, it is around that NovaPure corridor. And so some are laminates from not laminated, but it's a NovaPure platform that we're working with.
Eric Green: Yes. That's early stage. We think about one of the benefits we have with our ReadyPack portfolio is that it has been known to be a great accelerator of seed in the market, so particularly around the smaller pharma and smaller biotechs. They are looking for an off-the-shelf solution and we are able to provide with all the technical data to support it, so this is feet in the pipeline, large and small customers and it’s really around the early drug development phase. Just want to use us as an example as when we launched NovaPure in 2016 time frame, our avenue was through the ReadyPack, same channel, same approach, seed in the market. [Technical Difficulty] And today, you can sense from this call, we spent a lot of time talking about NovaPure is becoming somewhat now the new standard of biologics. That's the intent with the collaboration between Corning and West and I’m very pleased on both technical teams are really continuously driving that differentiation of what this means in the market for our customers and ultimately the patient. So it's early stages, but we will keep you updated, but I'm excited about the launch in the first part of the year.
Eric Green: No, thanks, Jacob. So I think there's a couple of levers to look at. One is, this puts COVID to the side after saying that I think in the last call, we talked about roughly around 50% reduction in 2023 over 2022. Right now, what we're saying it's about a 75% reduction. So that equates to that $280 million we discussed. On the growth, the underlying growth of the business, we're relatively the same as what we were looking at about mid-last year, but maybe a little bit stronger than the biologics than we anticipated. So net-net, about the same, I would say. If we are able to get capacity online sooner, I can assure you that we're laser-focused on really those two sites right now to get this equipment validated with our customers so we can produce product. But we're just conservatively saying right now, we're looking at a benefit of early 2023. But if we can get on in the next several weeks, we will do so because we do have demand and we have customers asking us to produce as much as you can in the short-term. I think one last thing about the last change, I would say, is a small piece, but see them return to growth. We didn't really talk as much about that in the last quarter, but we're seeing that starting to come back to that mid-single-digit type corridor, if not a little bit better for next year. So that's where we stand with the changes from three months ago.
Eric Green: Yes, just a quick comment. I mean, if you talk about a lot of variability that’s one area but there is lot of variability and COVID in the last six months. So yes, there is a – if you think about there's a transition, trying to get lower doses per vial and a single dose use obviously, prefilled syringe. That shift is still occurring but it’s not as fast as we anticipated.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Just on the margin, we’ll provide more color on the margins and earnings on our usual timing on our Q4 call here in February. But there are a number of things that we are monitoring really closely, just like everybody else at the moment. We’re looking to figure out how FX is going to settle in for early 2023, and it’s really – it’s much too early to make a call on that given the volatility that we’re seeing today. And then secondly, we’re looking at monitoring the inflationary costs right across the spectrum for materials, energy, labor. And again, it’s early to make a call on many of those. And then thirdly, we’re in the process of preparing our price increases for next year, especially in light of that second topic around the inflation rate costs. So that’s evolving. And so then, the fourth point, we’ll examine again, how fast we can get that extra capacity online to generate those demand – currently demand at HVP sales. So if we can do it sooner than our guidance, there’s upside there to our sales and associated profits with that. I mean, the growth in our base HVP business and HVP margins that will come with that we’re looking to offset that decline around C-19. But again, we have to manage through a lot of these issues at the moment. So, the big positive for us is, is the demand is there and we’re seeing increasing demand around high-value products, particularly around plungers that Eric just mentioned. So as soon as we are on that call, we’ll give you more update.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. As Eric said that we would expect to see on our base business double digit growth, within that base that’s going to be north of our construct that we put out there. So we’re looking at that base business to be able to offset the C-19 and decline that we potentially could see here. And then, again, looking at the timing of capacity, there could be some upside there also for us.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it was the same. It was relating to the same customer. It had to get split over two quarters. So that's what we relate to and then there were some other smaller bits that were not really material, but it was primarily related to one customer.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, as a carryover from the issues that we experienced in Q3 with the delays and after getting equipment in place and then the impact that's having on our throughput and then also has been able to work through this mix shift change at the same time. When we layer in the capacity in early 2023 and that will resolve a lot of that problem. So it's really down to having that increased capacity and throughput. So we don't believe it will reoccur.
Bernard Birkett: So it's not – it's actually going to enable us to clear more products through or end of lines with the capacity will actually help our HVP sales and help distribute fixed cost and improve our absorption. So it's not that we're going to layer in more cost and it's going to be detrimental. It actually gives us the ability to sell more high value products and get it through our plants actually quicker. So we can realize those revenues faster.
