Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 17, the solid financial performance shared today continues to reaffirm that our growth strategy is working. We have a durable base business proven by our market-led approach which is delivering unique value to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering products in this complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And we're continuing to progress capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. We realize that our products in pursuit of scientific innovations are critical to health care across the globe which is why we're so committed to support patient health today and well into the future.  Shannon, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Thanks, Larry. No, you're right. So if you think about HVP right now, the amount of units produced from our manufacturing sites is roughly around 23% of the total volume. But as you rightly pointed out, it was about 72% of our sales in the last quarter. And the higher growth part of that high-value product spectrum of the portfolio is coming from our FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure. So NovaPure is becoming more meaningful. Obviously, it was a major element of the COVID-19 response. But with the number of biologic launches, the NovaPure is becoming a very attractive solution for our customers. So I would say it's early. The investments that we're making, particularly in our HVP plants of Kinston, Jersey Shore are around NovaPure plungers and other types of plungers to address future launches. So that's where the growth is really out portion is coming from the higher end of HVP as we speak.
Eric Green: Yes. We believe the biologics and biosimilar space is going to be the fastest-growing area for new drug launches. If you think about the last year, though, however, it was interesting to see the number of ANDAs and also small molecules approved into the market. And fortunately, we have a strong position in those areas also. But I think if you kind of fast forward, you'll still see biologics and biosimilars be the fastest growth area in our space.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's a really strong partnership, and we're really pleased that earlier this month, we were able to announce our first product launch of combining our West NovaPure stopper in Corning's Valor vials, which -- what we label as our Ready Pack solution. And just to remind everyone that this is kind of a seeder or a seed program that we use in the development of new molecules. So this has been very successful for us in the past. We're leveraging this channel to introduce this combination going forward. It's a great testament of the focus between the 2 firms on really bringing the product together as a complete solution. And so while this is early, we saw more work to do. We have a number of launches that we have scheduled, whether it's in 2023, 2024. Ultimately, where we want to get to is a complete solution with the 1 drug master vial. So it's a complete fully characterized system. And so that we'll continue required investments. And so if you look at our R&D spend in 2023, it will be slightly up, and a good portion of that incremental piece will be around the West-Corning partnership.
Eric Green: Yes. Thank you for the question. So when I look at the order book versus pre-pandemic and then strip out the COVID piece, overall, it's a net increase where we were at that point in time. When you look at the composite of the growth of that order book, it is really driven by our high-value products, and particularly the higher end HVPs, we're seeing a healthy growth in plungers, not just in the NovaPure sector, but in the other categories of HVP. But -- so from an order -- committed order book perspective, that's the kind of the characteristics we're seeing right now.  In regards to the adoption rate, it's actually quite high. So our participation rate, particularly in the biologics and biosimilars is very, very strong. And what we are doing is we're seeding with the NovaPure portfolio. And once that is locked in, in the development phase as they go through into commercialization, that's the end result. Better outcomes for our customers, obviously, better compatibility with the drug molecule. So we're very excited to see the continuation of that adoption of NovaPure and that's hence the reason why we're putting these investments in place, and we're seeing more of a transition from vials to prefilled syringes which will require our plungers. So that's where we are, but it's a very, very healthy growth profile of the higher end of HVPs.
Eric Green: Yes. So those issues are resolved. The team did a really great job to resolve the issues and get our manufacturing facilities back up online. Fully validated, characterized and be able to support commercial production. That was done in, I'd say, mid part of Q4, a little bit later in that part of the quarter. So we're full out right now in Q1. And I'm excited that we have that at this point to allow us to get some of the backlog caught up in the early parts of this year.
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, that's a good question. So the first part is that when we think about the COVID, it's -- we're looking about right now, approximately $85 million for 2023 is relatively kind of evenly spread. We can't get any more granular than that at this point. But as you know, we were much higher than that last year. So we do have the capabilities to manufacture accordingly.  In regards to the prefilled syringe, when you think about our investments, particularly in the last couple of years and working with some of the launches in anticipation around plungers, which obviously supports the prefilled syringe space is actually -- we're anticipating higher growth in that area. And that is -- equipment is coming online as we speak. I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks about Kinston, a lot of the additional equipment in there is really geared around plungers. And so I'm excited to build support that part of the market as we see the prefilled syringe market continue to expand with high growth. So we're going to play in that, and we're prepared for it, and that's where investments are really focused on today.
Eric Green: Yes. So if you think about the prefilled syringe area and the plungers, we are -- it depends on if it's NovaPure, it's pretty comparable to -- we talk about the $0.88 to over $1 a unit. But if it's not the NovaPure, other types of HVPs you have a very large range between, let's call it, $0.40 per unit. So you can see the range that we're operating in. From a margin perspective, again, if it is HVP that could range anywhere between 55% to 80%.  So I'm giving you a very broad range because not all molecules have the same requirements. But what's good around our investment thesis in our facilities, particularly on plungers is that the equipment and the processes are somewhat fungible. So we can leverage the existing assets we're putting into the current drug launches, but also the anticipated areas of potential growth. So we're positioned well.
Eric Green: Yes. No, absolutely. So specifically the equipment that we've discussed about Q3, that was ongoing operations, not specifically just NovaPure. So you have washers that wash -- pharmaceutical washing capability that supports really the high-value product portfolio. The vision that you -- the washing equipment that you were able to see that is for NovaPure. So some of the equipment is not fungible, but the core elements of the equipment is. But the growth that we're having, based off of that equipment you looked at was really around the heavy part about the NovaPure. There's some mix effect to it. And in the future investments we're making that you saw in Kinston, that is -- that's, again, it's a wide range of high-value products. FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure.
Eric Green: Yes. In China, the -- our business impact for West overall is quite low. A lot of the activity that we're manufacturing we do in China is for China. And so we have a really strong team there in our facility in Qingpu that continues to capture more share within the market. But our reliance on that -- on our team there to export is very low. And again, overall value or revenues and profits to the corporation is very small. So that's our impact in China. Our supply chain, if you think about procuring materials, is not heavily dependent on that part of the world. The team has done a really good job. Many of our products are co-located to our manufacturing sites. So that's how we've set up our procurement and supply chain of raw materials.
Bernard Birkett: If you look at the CapEx guidance as well that approximately 70% of that CapEx number is really to support growth initiatives and productivity improvements. And much of that is around high-value products. So that ties in with the outlook that we would see for the next number of years putting that capacity in place.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So I think from a cadence perspective, going back to what we would have seen kind of pre-COVID where first quarter is usually a little bit lighter, picks up a bit in the second quarter and then levels out in Q3 and Q4. And from a comp perspective, I think a lot of the COVID revenues we would have had would have been in the first half of 2022. So that's where, I won't say challenges, but that's where the biggest comps are going to be from that perspective, and then some in Q3 and then obviously lighter in Q4.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. I think as you'll remember, when we were talking through 2022, a lot of the challenges we face within contract manufacturing is really around 1, 2 -- 1 customer mainly and a shift in their business. And so as that kind of have tailed off towards the back end of the year, it allows us to be able to return to growth. And then we actually saw demand increase from our existing customer base probably a little bit ahead of where we would have anticipated going into the fourth quarter. So that was again positive to see. And what we would expect as we move into 2023 that we will be seeing mid-single-digit growth for our contract manufacturing on our existing business and then layering in new business at the same time. So we continue to make some investments in that area.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So our -- I think in the fourth quarter, we said we did about 3.8% of pricing. We're targeting 5% to 6% on price as we move through 2023. So it is a bit of a step up. And part of that is to take into account the inflationary cost pressures that we're also seeing. But as Eric said, you can see the trajectory and our price increases over the last number of years and how we're approaching that. That's also been on the increase.
Bernard Birkett: We guide without it because it's very hard for us to estimate it. If you look at -- last year, it was about $0.22, I believe. So it's -- we guide without it for a reason because it is so hard for us to predict that's kind of outside of our control.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. The impact in Q3 was about $30 million. And that may vary depending on volume mix as we go through each quarter. So it's hard to say, it's $30 million each quarter. It would be difficult to commit to that at this point. But in saying that all of those problems that we had in Q3 have been resolved, as Eric kind of talked about earlier, and much of that happened as we progressed through Q4.  And on the pacing of layering in new CapEx, that will happen as we move through 2023. So it's not all at once. We'll see some of it as we get into the back end of the second quarter particularly in Kinston, where we are getting new parts of our facility up and running with the equipment that we've installed there. And then as we progress through the year, there will be equipment layered in in the other HVP sites.
Bernard Birkett: It's hard to estimate that. Like we've tried to -- well, we've given our best estimate based on the information that we have today. If we thought it was going to drop any further, and we would have included that in the guidance. But based on what we see today, that's where we think it's going to play out.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So if you look at biologics as we go into 2023, the biggest drop -- or the biggest impact of COVID revenues being reducing is within the biologics segment. So we do see a reduction there. But if you back that out, we're actually seeing very strong double-digit growth within the biologics segment for our core business. And then as we progress through '23 on generics, again, we would be looking to see high single-digit, early double-digit growth, pharma, high single digits and then contract manufacturing, as we said earlier, mid-single-digit growth.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It's -- biologics was mid-40s. It's going to come back a slight bit. So you're probably 40% to 45%. And then -- pharma and contract was about 17% or 18%.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Dave, I'll take that. And just going back to your last question on the split, just to clear that up. So the -- as a percentage of proprietary sales, biologics is like mid-40s, generics, mid-20s and then pharma in a low 30% range, and that will get you to the split.  With regard to your question on margin, it's not as simple as one product coming out and another product going in. So we're looking at it where there's a mix impact, obviously, with the COVID revenues falling off and they have been higher-margin products. And we've also got the impact of inflation on our cost base. So you've got those 2 headwinds. And then as we alluded to, we talked about earlier is the increase in price that we're seeing is above what we would normally see in our business. So that helps offset some of this margin pressure.  And then we have a very specific cost initiatives within our business, both from an operations manufacturing perspective and then on SG&A and R&D, really looking at cost control and cost management. That is delivering a number of efficiencies for us. So it helps us to overcome some of the margin challenges, but not all of them. And then that goes back to the point earlier, we're not actually -- margin is not stepping back to pre-COVID levels. We're maintaining or holding on to a lot of the improvements that we made or the gains that we made.
Bernard Birkett: So the margin on the COVID products would have been at the higher end of our margin range because a lot of that was NovaPure. So you could have been looking at range of 60% to 70% plus. And then on the CapEx piece on that being layered in, it's -- a lot of it has been layered in and commissioned as we speak. But to see the impact of it will be more so in the back half of the year when it's fully operational and we're able to put a lot of volume through.
