Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bill. In conclusion, we delivered a solid set of results for the first quarter of 2017. We are driving high-value product growth in our proprietary products segment and expanding our contract manufacturing services. Our global operations is driving more efficient production, higher quality and better service, delivering significant value for our customers and patients that serve. And our innovation and technology team continues to fill up product pipeline with exciting new developments in primary containment and delivery. We are off to a good start and I look forward making additional progress and executing our market led strategy in 2017. Takia, we are ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yeah. Derik, good question, we look at the Biologics similar to last year where we had a period of time was little bit slightly less than the other three quarters, that’s we are experiencing this year in 2017 and the markets themselves are still as far as the unit volume perspective mid to high single-digit and we expect to grow faster than that obviously, but working with our customers with the inventory management and again this leaves to the high value product focus reducing cycle times just to put dimension slightly and couple of our plants that produce mostly the high value products. We saw a nice reduction about 20 -- roughly around 20% reduction. That obviously is migrating back to our customers and there is again higher degree of confidence and therefore they are pulling back on their inventories. As we have said, we were pretty clear that we will see increase in growth rates over prior year to back to the double digits starting this quarter in Q2 and going forward. So we were feeling pretty good about that. In regards to CZ, at least we have seen a little slight increase of the interest level, when you start to looking at pre-stability -- stability and it getting ready for launch in those three buckets, we are seeing an increase which is favorable. As you know it does take time, does depend on approvals and customers getting ready for launch, but we are still feeling pretty good about that portfolio at this time.
Eric Green: Yeah. I think what we are going to see in the back half this year is more the ramp up on the Generics space. As recall that that we have a few large customers in that space that really move the needle quickly.
Eric Green: And so, again, I am very pleased with their operations really driving down cycle times, therefore value to be a confidence, but the demand in the Generics is still rather robust, so we are pretty confidence there. In the Biologics, again, that’s more of a ramp up back double digits in Q2 and beyond, so we have that effect of those two, which is about 50% of our business and most of that is our high value product portfolio. The contract manufacturing, just a quick comment, low double digits in last two quarters, we anticipate a similar type of growth going forward. However, when you look at the Q4 as far as the growth percentage is going to get a very high comp, so you should look at the contract manufacturing as a very stable predictable revenue run rate for that business, especially after investing in the facilities in Dublin.
Eric Green: Yeah. So, Larry, as you remember, we had a bunch of tooling stuff going on in the fourth quarter that has actually now produced usable capacity and that capacity is filled by our customers, so that’s obviously helped to achieve with the increase in the margin. And there is also some good operational efficiency going on in there as well. So those things we continue to, as I have said, we continue to think that that’s going to continue to build for the year.
Eric Green: Yeah. I would say, at this point we are going to see less volatility. I think we are in a more stable state, but I will keep on challenging the applications to finally to even improve the cycle times that so that it’s uniquely in a new space. So as we go forward you will see that reflected in our committed orders. We do want to keep continue to push the cycle times down to be more aligned with our customer expectations.
Eric Green: Yeah. Well, we are in the process of at the end of this year we will be working with our customers especially in insulin space on validating samples, unless the validation process has been completed, we can start moving into commercial revenues. But as you know in this space in this business it does take lot of the ramp up, so I would argue that 2018 while we will see ramp up in commercials that can be really significant. It’s going to be in light with our expectations, but in fact it will be significant hit to our topline in ’18.
Eric Green: Well, one of the, you ask me correct, and one of the reasons why we realigned our organization to the market led. So our Generics team is just focus on the Generics customers. They are having discussions day in day out and they are working with their operations to translate that into capacity and utilization of our facilities. We are getting better at it. To improve, I think, we can. But I would say we would be in better visibility. Some of it is little bit of variability of our customers as they moving out in and out of ability to produce. Unfortunately some of our customers are going through difficult times with FDA but that translates into another location. So there is some moving parts for that business, but we are getting better visibility. I do believe we have some room for improvement.
Eric Green: Yeah. Bill, I wouldn’t correlate that exactly to the transition from standard to high value products. There is a transition occurring and I think we have discrete cases to point to. However, what we are seeing is as the -- we have seen the momentum of new committed orders coming in, which is building on upon the backlog at this time. So as you recall, it’s around 8% increase as of end of last year. Last year was the pullback in inventory is probably more the latter part. It was after we had a discussion in October -- June, October and December. We knew it’s going to be probably good six months -- roughly approximately about six months to work out. So we are -- Q1 was right in the middle of that and beginning of that at this point. So, I would say, it’s a combination for transition from standard to high-value products but also destocking with some of our large customers.
Eric Green: Yeah. So I mentioned earlier, we are trying to get with the exact number every time, but I would say that, when we are talking about CZ, there is an increase -- a slight increase. SmartDose is relatively a same as last quarter we talk about, but there is more conversations. In fact, quite a bit more conversations happening right now around DAs and around sampling of discussions about variations of the product to support various drug therapies. So it’s certainly better than what we talked about last quarter.
Bill Federici: It excludes -- as you know, it excludes that tax benefit that we picked up from the share based payments without the net new accounting announcement.
Bill Federici: Right now obviously it’s a little higher than that, but we put a stake in the ground then we will continue to monitor that and report on a quarterly basis. Right now it’s a headwind for us from the euro.
Bill Federici: Share count, we are hoping that remain relative flat, because we have that share buyback plan that we have -- that the board authorized and we put in place, so hoping to keep it relative flat.
Bill Federici: Sure. So mix was very slightly negative and slightly unfavorable and it’s directly tied to the lower growth rate in both Biologics and Generics.
Bill Federici: Exactly. Right. So let me, return -- Biologics returning double-digit in the second quarter and then also seeing Generics ramp up by the end of the year, all of those will help with that the mix going forward.
Bill Federici: Certainly, the high value product growth that we have seen over the last several quarters, in fact, over the last couple years has been very, very strong and that drives the favorable mix shift. We are doing a great job of operational efficiencies. We are doing a great job of getting good leverage out of the other parts of the business. So those things are all helping produce. At the same time, we are -- we continue to invest in the business and that will continue to be a drag on our return on invested capital. But we are doing and improving like making sure we are investing in those things like high value product capacity to be able to continue to grow at the rates that we have been able to grow. So, yeah, I think, the big -- the two biggest drivers our HVP growth and the operational efficiency.
