Don Morel: No. It is just the composition of the HVP growth. A large part of it was commercialization of the Daikyo RSV line. That has produced in Japan and we served as their agent, so we do not capture as much margin off of that.
Don Morel: Well, you know, competitive landscape continuously shifts. The OmniPod is the unique device that is being used by one customer that has a very unique time release requirement within that system and they began work on that a number of years ago. It does not directly compete in many applications with the SmartDose, where we want high volume delivery over the lengthy period of time. With regard to competitors in coated closure market, our position there is well-known, our brands are well-established. I believe that the product that was introduced is only on serum closure, so it is somewhat limited niche in the marketplace, but I continue to like our position there and I like all of the new product iterations that we have been introducing, including NovaPure, so we are in a good position.
Don Morel: Yes. I think it is a combination of things. One, we like the composition and the timing of the orders in the backlog, so we are going to see an up lift on the HVP side of the business, we believe, throughout the year. Second thing is that we have got a little more confidence in some of the orders that were doubly done in '13, '14 that impacted us coming back and returning to a more normal pattern. We also have the unpredictable nature of some of the product launches that we expect to happen throughout the year, but I think conservatively we expect that that will also give us a slight uptick.
Don Morel: It is a little bit of the pacing of the year, but if you remember and you started to hit on it. In the first quarter of 2014, our high-value product growth was very much impacted by inventory management that had happened at the back end of ’13, so high-value products were down 7% in the first quarter of 2014. You are going to see, again, a more natural, we think progression of sales growth in 2015, and we expect to see return to more normalize growth in high-value products for 2015. As a reminder, I mentioned it in my script, but I will mention it again. In terms of currency headwind, the currency headwind in the first quarter of ‘15 will be pretty dramatic versus Q1 2014. The average exchange rate in 2014's first quarter was $1.37, and right now obviously we are talking about a using a rate of $1.15.
Don Morel: Again, we think good high value product growth will translate into a favorable mix. We believe that we will have some favorability in the oil prices as you are suggesting. We think that general inflationary cost will be about where we expect them to be relatively tame. We are going to get a little better prices, we believe, somewhere on the order of less than 1%, so when you factor all of those things in and the continuation of our lien programs, we believe that we should be able to see margin expansion in both sides of the business both, in the Packaging business and in the Delivery Systems.
Don Morel: We are using 27 overall, but in the first half of the year, since they have not enacted the R&D tax credit again for 2015, it picks up about half a 0.5% for the first half of the year.
Don Morel: That is the process depend [ph] Rafael. The Board is making good progress, but as you can appreciate with some of the individuals involved, there may be special circumstances to push things out a bit. I think the important thing is that for continuity, I will be here until we are all comfortable the transition will be a smooth one.
Don Morel: It is hard to say because of the way our customers look at a device as part of their overall product launch and life extension strategy, as I look at it currently, we are participating on virtually all of these, mostly with closure systems for the vial and the syringe presentations. In the larger categories, many of those such as the PD1s are going to be mostly infusion, so they are going to be done in a care center as opposed to a home environment. On the other drugs, we are in a good position, so I would say the lifestyle devices, they are going to become more and more important to chronic diseases on things like cancer and MS it is not so much.
Don Morel: Yes. CZ potentially applies to all of them. The high value therapeutics where you have issues with breakage either in manufacturing or presentations in an auto-injector or the drug is just aggressive, we think CZ is the primary container, has broader application. SmartDose is going to be, again, those applications, where a high-volume has to be delivered over time and they can be done in a home setting or somewhere else. A lot of the oncologic drugs you do not want to do that, because of the toxic nature, so the categories that you mentioned, SmartDose for rheumatoid arthritis potentially for cholesterol reduction and others is going to be its biggest area of application.
Don Morel: Well, it all comes back to the timing of when the drugs that are on formal stability, come off-formal stability. We know of some customers that began trials in the latter part of '13, early part of '14 that data will be coming through the end of its two-year shelf life study at the close of '15, beginning of the '16. We are hoping that we have a pretty good picture as to the commercialization potential for those molecules as we move towards the fourth quarter.
Don Morel: Thank you much, everybody. We appreciate your time this morning. We look forward to speaking you again at the end of our first quarter call, which will take place in April. Thanks very much.
Bill Federici: It is still some and all of those factors that we have talk about high-value products returning, continued progress in the delivery system space, but it is not in immediate, it is not turn the lights switch off at the end of ’14 and turning on in ‘15. It will build, so our best guess based on the backlog that we have today and the timing of those the orders we just believe that 5% to 7% ex-currency is the best estimate we have today.
Bill Federici: As you can expect, there are certain things we can do in certain regions, we have got the natural hedging that takes place, where we can make and sell basically in the same current. We do hedge oil and some of our raw materials as it is appropriate, but do not actively hedge in the translation issue. There are some things that we can control on the OpEx side that we will. Oil is a little bit complicated, because of the nature of our supply contracts and the way that is consumed in the manufacturing process, so we expect a bit of the tailwind from that in the latter half of the year. Collectively, all those things are going to allows to mitigate some of the FX impact, but the change has been so dramatic over the last three to five months, we are not going to be able to mitigate all of it.
Bill Federici: Yes. I mean we talked about all of them, so we will repeat them. It is the uptake of the return to a more normal patterns for the high-value products, it is the timing of devices and the proprietary device portfolio and a lot of the programs that Don talked about, the sampling involved with them and hopeful eventual increase in sales resulting from those. On the pricing side, we know we are going to have very modest ability to pass among pricing, Don talked about oil, it won't be as nearly a benefit today as it is perhaps in the second half of the year, if of course, if oil prices remain paying the way we are now in that $50 to $60 range, we should get a nice tailwind from that. Lean operations and the efficiencies in our plant continuing to work on the cost side of the equation. We will of course do that and try everything we can. When we look at the totality of the picture, Dana, and we think about all of those variables and the volatility of some of the factors with our customers and how they operate in around their own inventories and the regulators, and how the regulators impact on our customers. As a reminder, we have $340 million worth of backlog. In current business, we have over $1 billion of sales, so there is a big piece of that that will all roll in over the rest of the ensuing months in the next few quarters. At this time of year, we try to be as thoughtful as we can about how all those variables will impact and the 174 to 192 is the best estimate that we had at this point and time.
