Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. We have a rich history of leading in times of great challenge. Our customers expect this of us and this is what we're committed and prepared to do. I want to emphasize that across West, we are leveraging our global manufacturing capabilities, size and scale, to innovate, lead and operate with a sense of urgency to make a positive impact in healthcare and society. Our performance continues to reaffirm that our market lead strategy is delivering unique value propositions to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering products with market leading service and quality. And we're continuing to invest in our business with digital technology and automation across our operations to fuel an even brighter future. We remain committed to delivering value to all our stakeholders on a sustainable basis, as well as to maintain and build upon the values that make up our one West team. On behalf of the team members at West, we continue to wish you good health in the days ahead. Josh, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yeah, Juan, let me take these two questions. One is, in regards to FluroTec in NovaPure components primarily most of the interests with the – and again we have a pretty healthy participation rate with the number of companies working on a vaccine solution. In the vaccine area we're seeing more interest from FluroTec as the primary technology versus NovaPure. Now, there are certain situations where NovaPure is a better solution and customers have elected to go in that direction. But majority I would say is in FluroTec. In some of the therapeutics that we're working out whether already marketed or been labeled or expanded, that's using the combination mostly NovaPure and some FluroTec. In regards to the second part, that's a tough question where we stand today. As you think about how our customers are looking at vial configuration, whether it's one dose or multiple doses per vial. And it's a little bit uncertain at this point of time, but the way that we're mapped out all these opportunities with our customers, each one's a little different from a number of doses are the volumes that we're looking at would accommodate either one dose or multiple doses per volume. But at this point of time, I think it's pretty difficult to pinpoint exactly the number of doses per vial that our customers will be going with.
Eric Green: Yeah, it's – we look at it a little differently. I think when you think about the preferred solution in the market right now is still glass. And so I know that the companies that are manufacturing glass are working on making sure they have the appropriate volumes, but I can't speak to them specifically. When you think about Crystal Zenith it's already a proven technology in the marketplace with a number of critical drugs specifically around the Biologics. And the demand that we have for Crystal Zenith is increasing. In fact, we are in process of increasing capacity in our Scottsdale, Arizona facility to address the increase around our one ml insert needle technology. We do see certain customers that require the Crystal Zenith technology in the areas of vaccine exploring that option. But I would say at this point, we have not got out and side government grants, frankly, I think our company as the market leader, we were leading from the front. And we're working with number of customers around the CZ technology. But I would say right now what it looks like is that the preferred solution on the immediate phase would be around glass.
Eric Green: Yeah, John, what we have done is we decided to bring forward capital in regards to specifically equipment that will be placed strategically in three of our center of excellence sites of high-value products. We had this equipment earmarked for latter years based on trajectory of our current business and our current portfolio, but due to our discussions with customers, we are preparing to make sure that we will be able to address this surge that we'll see specifically around FluroTec stoppers in the marketplace. Now, in regards to the timing we're looking at towards the end of this year of having the capacity installed and validated. And we will be able to start the expansion of volume at that point in time. Bernard, do you want to talk a little bit more of the spec.
Eric Green: Yeah, we haven't revealed exactly the amount, but it's significant in the areas around FluroTec specifically.
Eric Green: And Dave, when you think about our customers have been using our – they're using FluroTec or they're using NovaPure are very comfortable with it because they have user components on other molecules they have in the marketplace for other purposes, especially around Biologics. And so there's a comfort of think – when you think about how they can go-to-market fast, when you think about regulatory, you think about safety, think about quality and scale. And we have the scale, we can we can manufacture the volumes that we're speaking of in a very, very short period of time. So I think that's where that gives the customers confidence and comfort to continue to go after that part of our portfolio versus using the – dissipates extended product. So I'll stop there, but that's reason why we're seeing the demand in that area.
Eric Green: Yeah. No, Dave, when you think about whether it's small or large because of the nature of the molecule, we classify that as Biologic. Yes. So when we talk about vaccines, we're all encompassing. I won't try to split out the vaccine opportunities between the three units from our performance perspective.
Eric Green: Yeah, Larry, it does vary on what the final configuration and all the additional services we provide. That number that was referenced is more around the FluroTec portfolio versus NovaPure. NovaPure is higher.
Eric Green: Yeah, Larry, the way I look at it. Yeah, I think you're right. It's the way we break it out. And the way we're looking at we don't give out the numbers, but we're very – we segment this so we understand what's around hospital enablement. So this is like the IV and blood tubes, you think about supporting therapies to get in the ICU and then therapeutic treatments which we have a very high participation rate because of our Biologics position. Those are really the key areas when you think about more near term and as we think about vaccines as we work with our customers, obviously, there is some element of providing product for trials, but that is obviously low volume. And therefore we don't – we can't – and it's very difficult to predict when and how much and by whom. So we're holding off at that at this point. But as we said in our capital investment is that we are going ahead to ensure that we have the capacity on hand by the end of this year so we can handle the surge, if it is as early as early 2021 or late 2020.
Bernard Birkett: On the timing, John, some of the activity will be in at the end of this year and it's particularly related to FluroTec products and then we'll be layering in incremental capacity early on in 2021. And so all of the commitments that we have needed to put in place are actually in place with our equipment suppliers at the moment. So we'll have a phased introduction of that equipment, so it won't have any – it won't disrupt our business in any way. All of the equipment that we're ordering is replicating the equipment that we already have in place at West, so we're really set up well to make sure that we can onboard that equipment quickly and meet customer demand.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. So based on all of the discussions we've had with customers and analyzing a number of different models, we believe that we will have sufficient equipment in place to meet any customer demand when it comes.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, what's happening was the Contract Manufacturing really is around the diagnostics area and also injectables, auto injectors. And what we're finding is a lot of this is installed capacity that we've been ramping up for the last couple of years. We do see that the growth rate of high single digits to low double digits is more in line what we expect of Contract Manufacturing and it has been running a little bit stronger over the last several quarters. But on the other side, we continue to have discussions about future installed capacity of similar products. So we will see the second half of this year a little bit softer than the first half from a Contract Manufacturing perspective. But that's purely a comp issue. On the growth rates from a dollar perspective, we don't see any softening in contract manufacturing. And you connect – we see the revenue itself growing, but it would grow at a slower rate purely because of the comps that we're facing in the back half of the year. And you can see the positive impact that's having John on margins, where we were able to report 19%. Now, there were some onetime gains in there regarding certain engineering work that we were doing, which we would not expect to repeat in the second half of the year. But we forecast to see strong we think quarter-over-quarter growth when we compare to last year on the margin front. And this is something that we've been talking about for a while as we continue to improve the efficiencies and the utilization within the Contract Manufacturing network. And taking a lot of the learnings that we've had in Proprietary over the last number of years and really starting to implement those within Contract Manufacturing and so I would continue to see – expect to see margin expansion, but not to the levels of 19%.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah, Dave, our agreements with our customers are based on historic and current price points. So we are looking to obtain what we traditionally have received for those products. I realize that there's some funding going into certain manufacturing or R&D side, but we're not seeing the money really going into the percentage of COGS or the money going into the COGS to the supply base. So it's low. If you think about our products kind of on a configuration it could be anywhere between $0.15 to $0.35. If it's one dose or five dose, you can see how from a per dose perspective, it's not a significant percentage of the COGS. So I think we're well positioned and the expectations will continue with our policies around how we price according to the value we create, to support our customers.
Bernard Birkett: I can take the first part of the question, and maybe Eric might want to cover the second part of the question Dave. So just that we're clear, we have – we're not getting support from any governments. West is investing an extra $40 million, essentially this year in CapEx and even some into 2020. We've obviously – we're funding that ourselves. And when you look at, you're comparing the cost of our product to the end selling price. What we're saying is the cost of our product is a percentage of their COGS. So their COGS doesn't change, no matter what they sell the product at. The cost of producing is still the same. And we're still a relatively low part of that. And then if you work out the price per dose, potentially there could be five, 10 20 doses in a vial, where we sell one stopper per vial, so you got to divide back the cost of the stopper by the number of doses, so it becomes a really small part of the COGS. Regarding pricing, we haven't gone and tried to jack our prices in this whole process. We're maintaining the pricing essentially that we've had in place on many of these products. Now, pricing changes a lot of times regarding configuration. But I think that's the way to look at it rather than saying as a percentage of their price, if that's helpful for you and then the number of doses per vial.
Bernard Birkett: Well, other than the piece on Contract Manufacturing that I called out Larry, all of the COVID related costs have been recorded in COGS. They're all included in that margin number. Though it's pretty clean other than the CMPs and I think the Contract Manufacturing piece – yeah, that's about it. And then within operating margin, I called out impairments of certain assets. And that's a one time.
Bernard Birkett: Well, yeah. Well, if there's costs around PPE, there's incremental costs and supporting a lot of the workforce at our plants. We've gone to split shifts, so we're obviously paying shift premiums to keep the plants up and running. And then also there was some incremental freight costs.
