William Federici: It was positive to the quarter, but not nearly as positive as it was for the first 2 quarters, and that was both inventory builds by the customer and launch activities by customers. 
William Federici: Yes. And on FX, Arnie, I mean, we were negative both in the quarter and year-to-date, $0.04 in the quarter and $0.13 year-to-date. But when you look at the last guidance we gave, was at $1.22. The euro's hanging in at about $1.29 now. That differential in terms of looking at guidance causes an increase in EPS of about $0.05 for the fourth quarter versus the prior guidance. 
William Federici: Yes. As you said, it’s about $20 million more that we see now for 2013 than we had seen last year for 2012. 
William Federici: When we look at it, Ross, and we tried to capture that for you but, certainly, clearly there is an impact from inventory building and the launch was also - the launch -- the product that it uses -- our products that it uses are our high value products. So, yes, absolutely, there's some of that in there. But there still is, above and beyond -- we still had 17% growth in high value products in the quarter on the Packaging Systems side. A portion of that is due to the inventory build and launch activities. It’s not an exact science. We don't -- we can’t pick out exactly how much it is, but when we step back from it and try to analyze it, looking at that, plus the price increases above what we normally see, which were due to the material prices last year, the spike that we saw, we think it’s something like 5% to 7% increase in total. So as you can imagine, on the high value product side, it’s probably closer to high-singles to low-doubles. 
Donald Morel: Yes. If you take a look at the commentary relative to the near term, we haven’t filled those orders yet. Obviously, we are producing and they're in the queue, but I don’t think we've changed our long-term outlook at all. We expect that ramp up to occur in that '14, '15 kind of timeframe as the first approvals start to roll through. But there is no change in the long-term outlook. 
Donald Morel: We should see an improvement overall. We're still rolling up the final figures. We’ll know a little bit more when we get to our call in February. But in general, we should see that. 
Donald Morel: We think the lead time issue is stretching things a bit. Right now, we do have orders for the first quarter rolling in. But it’s very light beyond that. 
Donald Morel: Well, I think that refers back to the commentary we had at the end of last year, where we talked about this extension in terms of our customers getting approval. What we see right now is no change to what we had guided to then. We think that it’s a very positive sign that we’ve got the strong orders on the books with the syringes that we have that’s filled up that capacity. But in the long term, really nothing has changed relative to our commentary at the end of 2011. 
Donald Morel: I think the primary factors would be either a delay in some of the launches that we are looking at or more likely a slowdown in terms of the inventory rebuild that we’ve seen through this year. It’s most likely that the inventory rebuild would have more of an effect than the product launch. 
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning. We look forward to our year-end call in February of 2013 when we will provide full year guidance in terms of revenues and earnings. Thank you very much. 
