Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on Slide 15, the excellent financial performance reported today continues to reaffirm that our strategy is working. Our market led approach is delivering unique value to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering product in this complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And we’re continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. Most importantly, we have an incredible team working to make this all happen. We are proud to serve as a valuable trusted partner for customers to support patient health and look forward to continue to play a critical role in delivering healthcare well into the future. Amanda, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Larry thanks for the question and good morning. No, you’re absolutely correct. So what we’re seeing with the additional capital expansion is it was planned for further years out, brought it forward. This is more of a demand of both areas of biologics, new drug molecules being launched. And around the NovaPure, particularly around the plungers and also the life cycle management of COVID vaccines, as you think about various configurations, whether it’s in a vial configuration or a prefilled syringe. So it is a mix effect. And we brought it forward based on our discussions with customers and commitments that obviously we are making for them, but also what they’re making towards us.
Eric Green: Well, Larry those conversations are ongoing right now. When we look at the current mix that we have for our customers, it’s still mostly in regards to the COVID vaccines, it’s still mostly within vials and multiple doses per vials. But we continue to prepare ourselves as things do change over time. But the near-term, near-future we’re really focused on meeting the current configuration. Think about our capital expansions, they’re taking typically between one – let’s call it 12 to 18 months to get in validated and start scaling up production. So that’s the type of timeline we’re looking at far as preparing ourselves for any additional demand and other configurations.
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, one of the drivers, if you think about our pillars of strategy under execute, one of the key drivers of being market led is digitization, obviously internally, but externally for our customers and also digitization of product, now same focus on customers. What we – we have a wealth of data and science information that we’ve developed in our laboratories and work with the customers over the years. And what we’ve been able to do is use together our digital capabilities that we’ve been building over the last couple years with a predictive modeling capability, which is a more data driven offering. So as you can imagine, a customer trying to identify with their complex molecule that they’re looking at developing and obviously ultimately, commercializing. What is the ideal packaging configuration? And so that is where we are bringing that data to the forefront leading with science, being that scientific destination choice for our customers and providing that those insights. So more to come. We’re excited that we launched this. But for me personally, it’s a great example of our leadership position in leading with science for our customers.
Eric Green: Well, right now, the way we see our confirmed order book on a complete – if you look at it as a complete order book – committed book, you’ll find that the – we’ll see that the COVID piece continues to increase. It’s not the majority of it, but it is continuously increased. And so we have good visibility going into 2022. John a lot of the invest that we’ve made committed to last year and the one that we just spoke of today a good portion of that is related to COVID vaccines to support not just the demands in the more mature markets, but basically on a global basis. So I won’t give a number out on the COVID piece, but it’s still very robust for us.
Eric Green: Well, there’s a lot of factors, John in that, but right now, the way we’re discussing it with customers expanding capacity and building the capabilities in our plants, we anticipate similar, if not a little more stronger demand in 2022.
Eric Green: Yes, so we’ve been passing on cost increases to customers again throughout 2020 and 2021, particularly on phrase, as freight charges and logistical charges increased, we were able to pass those on to many of our customers on components, specific components where we have seen price increases, both within contract manufacturing and in our proprietary business, we have been passing those on to our customers. And obviously, keeping them in the loop as to what’s happening, but what are driving these price increases that we’re passing on. And also as we look out into 2022, we have various mechanisms in place to enable us to pass on many of these increases and it depends on what the relationship with the customer, whether it’s contracted business or not, but in the various sectors, we have various tools that we employ. So we’re able to – we don’t have to absorb the majority of those inflationary costs. And then also we’re working on the other side to make sure that we’re getting leaner and more efficient and to make sure that we can deal with those from that angle as well. So there’s a multifaceted approach.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, the driver of the demand expansion or the demand increase that we’re seeing in requiring capacity expansion is really driven by the therapeutic companies directly with the drug customers, not the fill and finish. So as you know, it’s a whole ecosystem and we know where we play, but our interactions are directly with the drug customers. What’s also exciting is to see is that it’s not just concentrated one area, i.e. biologics. It’s also, we’re starting to see pick up in small molecules also which is good for our long-term franchise, but yes, absolutely the drug customers.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, what’s fascinating about – what’s actually quite exciting is that a few years ago we made the strategic decision to start creating centers of excellence and started to consolidate our manufacturing into particular sites throughout the world and became more effective through in systems, working with our customers, through our quality systems, also in processes to create more of an operating network. So the short answer to your questions, this is not greenfield. A lot of the investments we’re making right now are physical equipment, process expansions, maybe moving some modular approach in some sites. You’ve been to Waterford, we’ll be looking at maybe expanding that site with another modular addition on the side, but it is leveraging existing facilities. When you add it all up, it really comes down to how fast we can have the equipment manufactured, delivered, installed, and gone through validation since a lot of the equipment is replicating what’s in place already. The validation process with customers is very short, so we could have some expansion proved up and running less than just in a couple quarters. Some other expansions might take four or five quarters to get up and running.
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, if you think about the device portfolio, let’s just call it roughly 5% of West on the proprietary side. So 5% of the business, CZ is the largest portion of that. And what we’re seeing is the reality is we’re continuously optimizing the product and coming out with new line extensions, however it’s taken while to see the market and gain confidence and traction, but once it starts becoming quite common use for the high end biologics, we’re seeing that acceleration. So in particular with the insert needle syringes that we have been producing in Arizona, we’re actually at the stage of doubling capacity by the end of this year. And that’s what was referenced. So when you think about the growth, which is above the company average, significantly above the company average, we do see through the number of approvals of drugs in the market. Plus what’s in the pipeline that’s being reviewed as we speak that this is an exciting area, but it has taken time. You’re right. Dave, it’s been – this has been discussed for a number of years, but now it’s becoming more noticeable in our growth numbers, particularly around devices.
Eric Green: Well, I don’t know if I can use that now, because I’ll have to notate you. I will say stay tuned, I got to be careful in that category, but I will tell you that what’s really exciting is that the teams that we’ve put together, particularly with the market led approach, we’re getting better insights on where we are headed on what products are being pulled by our customers and what problems we’re trying to solve. I know earlier, we just briefly mentioned a new digital tool and that actually was DeltaCube that was actually derived from conversations with our customers. Wouldn’t it be great if we could do this? So stay tuned on that question. We are constantly developing and but be assured though there will be products that are being pulled by our customers today.
Eric Green: Well, I would say the first priority, Dave, and particularly in the environment that we’re in today is to continue to feel the very robust organic growth that we have in our hands and that we’re dealing with. It’s a great problem to solve, right. And so we’re going to continue to invest in our own infrastructure. What I’m excited about is that it’s a really short payback and it’s expanding current portfolio. We do think there’s opportunities on the M&A front and we’re continuously building that capability out here. But our primary focus I’ll tell you is laser focus on execution. But we’re opening up our discussions broader than that today.
Larry Solow: Thank you very much. Congratulations on another good quarter. And sounds like the outlook Eric, continues to improve. Maybe you can just discuss a little bit on the additional capacity expansions today that you announced. On NovaPure is that – it sounds like just another acceleration from planned capacity expansion that was probably a couple years – originally going to be a couple years out. So maybe is this NovaPure your expansion driven more on the base business, on the vaccine side? Is that more of a mix? Maybe you can give us a little color on that.
Larry Solow: Got you. And then just last a quick one. I saw you guys have release on this and this might just be a small little additional service offer. You guys on this DeltaCube modeling platform that you put out, I think that was presented at industry meeting a couple weeks ago. Is there any color on that this sort of online I guess, it helps customers design their packaging needs and whatnot. Any color on that.
Larry Solow: Absolutely. I look forward to learn more about that. Okay, great. Thanks, Eric. I appreciate the thoughts.
Bernard Birkett: We’re also seeing, it’s not just the COVID demand that the CapEx expansions are for it. It’s for our core business demand. And as Eric alluded to earlier, like we are seeing strong growth in those areas as well. So the CapEx is not just reliant on COVID, it’s there to support our business over the short and medium and long-term. So we have enough capacity over time to or enough demand to fill that capacity when it starts to come online.
Bernard Birkett: I wouldn’t see the margins coming back to where they were. I think the gains that we have gained over the last 12 to 24 months, our plan is to hold onto those and actually expand margins further as we move out over the next number of years. And you can see it in the dynamic of our business and where the growth is actually coming from. So it’s – a lot of it is placed within the biologic market unit, and that is driving a lot of the growth on revenue, but plus on margins. And again, it’s not specifically reliant on COVID it’s within our core business. And what we’re actually seeing and you can see on some of the callouts, the growth that we’re seeing around generics and pharma, we are seeing the high value products, getting traction in those areas also. So coupled with the efficiencies that we’re forecasting to come from operations, we believe that we will continue to expand margins. Will it be at the same pace as what we’re experiencing here in 2021? That’s something that we will give further information on when we guide here in the first part of 2022.
Bernard Birkett: I wouldn’t see acceleration in the growth rates in that timeframe. My expectation is it’ll be pretty similar to what we saw here in Q3. And we had been signaling that, talking about that for a long time, that the growth in contract manufacturing would modify for a period of time. And then as we move into 2022 and 2023, we would expect to see that growth to begin to accelerate again, but more in line with kind of mid single digit growth rates, rather than like double digit growth rates that we had experienced in 2017 and 2018. And so we’ve looked at the mix of our business and looked at where we should be deploying our capital to make sure that we are getting growth rates, but also that it’s on our proprietary side. We’re still very, very focused on contract, but I wouldn’t see it growing at double digits.
Bernard Birkett: So as Eric said, we’re seeing very, very strong demand both within our core business and responding to COVID. So, our CapEx stepped up in 2020 and here again in 2021, and we’re not going to guide to a number for 2022, but it will be a little bit higher than what we would’ve normally guided at least on that 6% to 7%. And that’s the – what we’re seeing is, and if you look at it over the last probably, 12 to 18 months, we’re stepping up capital on an incremental basis. So understanding that the demand is there so that we can feed into it pretty quickly. So all of the capital expansions are tied into demands that we can see coming from customers over the 2022, 2023 time horizon.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Paul, as soon as the equipment hits the production floor and is validated, it’s operational. So we have demand to feed into its straight away so that the payback on the capital is pretty quick for us at this point. And again, that’s why we were doing this phased approach so we can manage it appropriately.
