Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Our execution in 2019 has positioned us well for the year ahead. We’re making significant progress on many fronts. Our Market-Led strategy is delivering unique value propositions to our customers. Our global operations team is delivering efficiencies and improvements in service and quality, and we’re reinvesting in our business with digital technology, automation across our operations and strategic partnerships to fuel our future growth. Our mission to improve patient lives propels us each and every day. We do not take this for granted. We realize that our products are used by millions of patients across the globe on a daily basis, which is why we’re so dedicated to continuously improving our capabilities. As we look to the future and the new drugs that are being launched by our customers, we know that West will play an integral part in bringing those medicines to market. We are committed in the growth strategy. We’re excited about the opportunities ahead of us, and we look forward to a successful 2020. Gigi, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Okay. First of all, thank you, Paul. Absolutely, I think we’re early in the stage of lean implementations across the globe. I’ve had the chance to travel to a number of our sites, as you know, across the globe and have continuously impressed on the momentum, the focus, the energy and the capabilities have launched this One West Lean improvement system. So, I’d say we are in early stages, but we’re seeing some excellent traction as we go forward. And I expect that this is not just a onetime impact, but this is an annual benefit that we’ll see going forward and just puts us in a much better position as we think about future investments for West. In regards to capacity expansions, what we’re looking at and what we’re investing towards is more expansion of capacity on current existing platforms. To give you an example, we’re investing in additional growth capacity in Crystal Zenith over what amount insert needle, pre-filled strings out of Scottsdale. We’re also investing in further expansions in the self-injection devices of SelfDose and SmartDose based on current demand that we have committed by customers. So, these type of investments will continue to go into our high-value products like Kinston, Waterford, in other locations around the globe. But these – it’s less than land and buildings. It’s more about technology, automation and more modular cell manufacturing.
Eric Green: Yes. So, Larry, thank you for that. We are seeing a couple of key drivers in the generic space. We do believe – we think long term, we always talk about mid- to high single-digit growth in the generic space. And what we’re seeing is very strong high-value product, which is being led by a couple areas. One is, as you pointed out, the transition, the work we’re – we have around AccelTRA and moving customers from standard to high-value product portfolio. The second area we’re seeing an uptick and the demand are around self-injection, the platform. And in particularly, when you start thinking about SmartDose and SelfDose. So there’s an uptake demand that we see right now that we – we’re pretty confident as we go forward, we’ll continue to see that growth. So I’m pleased with the success of generics. But for the full year of 2019, we saw the growth, not just with the large generic clients, but also the mid- to small customers also, which is very encouraging, that we’re increasing penetration.
Eric Green: Yes. That’s one of the areas we’re investing in actually manufacturing expansion as we speak because demand is pushing our limits on capacity. So, we are currently in process of expanding capacity in our facilities, and we’re very encouraged with the number of not just products that of not just products that have just been approved and launched, but also what’s in the pipeline. So, it does go back to – unfortunately, it goes back a few years ago. We talked about, once you get one or two clients comfortable, when you commercialize, there’s been a wave of interest and especially with the sensitivity of new biologics coming to the market where Crystal Zenith is the real – the true configuration that they’re looking for long term.
Eric Green: Yes. So, we – again, a lot of it is just driven by mix and high-value products. And then that’s supported with improvements and efficiencies. So, we would look at probably 70% to 80% of the growth coming on the gross margin line and then the balance coming from leveraging OpEx.
Eric Green: Yes. We’re – the way we’re managing SG&A is to keep it pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter, we shouldn’t have very large spikes. And if there are any spike on account, we will attempt to call them out before they actually happen to give you visibility on that. But you could see that the way it was managed throughout 2019, it was pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter.
Eric Green: Yes. Juan, thank you for participating. I think when we look at the high-value product portfolio and where the penetration is, you’re absolutely correct. If you look at majority of the revenues are more of the products we introduced several years ago. And you think about NovaPure, which has been launched, but the uptake is significant. In fact, that’s the other area of capacity expansion we have going on, both in U.S. and Europe to keep up with demand. So while the percentage is, let’s say it’s smaller, like, i.e., less than 10% of the high-value product portfolio, it’s going to be much more meaningful over the next few years to come. So, we’re really confident of the runway we have ahead of us and the penetration of when we go from Envision all the way up to NovaPure, through what we see in the pipeline will only increase. And that’s really all I can say at this point in time. We believe it’s a double-digit growth portfolio, driven by the high-value products on the NovaPure, higher-end products of that portfolio, and it’s going to be about 100-plus basis point volume expansion every year just to keep up with that demand.
Eric Green: Hey, Juan, we don’t break it down to that level. But what we can say is that the Proprietary devices grew strong double digits.
Eric Green: Right. So, we had two – well, actually, one investment from an acquisition point of view is small, but it was done in Q2 of – earlier of 2018. We just call out the contribution that has had on the quarters following the close of that acquisition. It’s GIS Korea, which is our entry strategy into the Korean marketplace. So now, we have a direct presence that we’re going directly to the biopharma manufacturers in that region.
Eric Green: Well, one thing I can comment there is that we’ll continuously look at the landscape and see what assets, if available, would make sense to be part of West that enables us to provide a more comprehensive solution to our customers. So I can’t comment any further about any of the specific targets, but we are constantly looking at the horizon, saying what would be the right fit with West.
Bernard Birkett: Hi, good morning, Dave. It’s pretty much – the spend is pretty much in line with the percentage of revenues between 2019 to 2020, were pretty close. And when we look at the opportunities that are in front of us, more than half of that CapEx budget is going to be focused on growth opportunities, which tie back to the ones Eric have just spoken about. So, it’s driven by customer land and customer interest. So, we typically spend between $40 million to $50 million on maintenance CapEx. And on IT, we’re looking at about $10 million to $15 million. So, the balance is really on all growth opportunities. And again, it’s an on expanding capacity, primarily through introducing you spend on equipment.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So Dave, it’s a multiyear process, and we have developed automation for some of our product lines, and we will continue to further develop that over the next number of years, and it will be rolled out on a phased basis. And the objective of doing that is, obviously, is to create more efficiencies and support the long-term construct that we have of driving 100 basis points improvement year-over-year. And so it’s to facilitate that and also to keep up with the demand that we’re seeing from our customers and also to drive higher quality. So, automation brings us a number of benefits. And again, though, it is a multiyear process.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, when you – with that type of growth that we’re experiencing strong double digits, it’s a little over 100 basis points increase from prior year.
Bernard Birkett: We continue to see that grow. We’re seeing a lot of strong demand. And again, it’s across – particularly in the biologics space. And based on a number of the products that Eric has spoken about. So – and that – you know that when we talk about confidence, that’s where we’re getting a lot of our confidence from is the growth in that order book.
Bernard Birkett: We have not included anything in our 2020 guidance, and that’s primarily based on the approval process and the regulatory process of getting back into the market. Some of that is outside of our control. So we just took a conservative approach on that to step back and say, well, when we get regulatory approval, then we’ll add it into our guidance. Again, we don’t want to be making excuses after the fact.
Bernard Birkett: Well, that part of the business has been growing really strong double digits. So yes, we’re significantly higher than that.
Bernard Birkett: It’s purely accelerated customer demand coming from specific customers. And the really positive thing was that West was able to respond quickly to that customer demand and supply it when it was needed. And so it’s – again, it’s just purely demand in that market. And it was a little bit stronger than we would have expected it to be. But again, the positive thing is we were able to respond to that.
