Eric Green: Great, thank you Bill. In conclusion, strong high-value product sales, underlying market growth, and excellent execution of our market led strategy, had contributed to another solid quarter. And we’re confident we will deliver the balance of the year. As we prepare for 2017 and our long-term plans for the Company, we are building on a position of strength, which will allow us to continue to deliver value for our customers and for our shareholders. Jonathan, we are ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: That will change each year. The 50 to 70 basis-points on gross margin is an average. We like to think about it from an operating profit margin basis of about 100 basis-points in total. So, if you want to do the math, you can do the math. But operational efficiencies will be somewhere in that 30 to 50 basis points depending on the year.
Eric Green: Juan, that’s a very good question. We historically have given the five-year guidance to our target, that’s correct. This year as we say last year we’re very focused on strategies that we just launched. We’re very pleased about the first year of that performance. And we’re keeping the organization focused on delivering on the 2020 targets that we have communicated. I think at this point that’s where we will stay focused on, is as things developed and changed overtime, we will continue to update. But we’re really focused on the 2020 target at this point.
Eric Green: Bill, that’s a good question. We look at our business. We’ve mentioned before about half our business is around the biologic and the generic customer segment. And as you know we’ve mentioned that we’re growing well in the double-digits with both on the year-to-date in 2016. The underlying trends in the biologics is very favorable for West, and our base has been larger around the biologics. And it’s not just the core elastomer steel business, but it's also the adoption and the interest on our self-injecting systems, which encompasses SmartDose and CZ and SmartDose devices. So, fundamentally, when you look at as the business continues to grow with the biologics and the generics momentum that we’re seeing, it’s really being driven by the high-value products portfolio. And so we’re very confident. So, our actions for the next few years continue to drive this market led strategy, drive new innovations from this segment. They are dedicated unique plans for those particular segments and continue to build-out our operations, so we can stay ahead of the demand curve as customers come in with larger volumes as we proceed forward.
Eric Green: Couple of areas I like to share with you. One is last couple of weeks we have --- or last week we’re at a PDA Conference in California, and the interest level of conversations around our self-injection systems, we’re talking about SmartDose, CZ, self-dose, is increasing because there are unique issues that our biologic customers are faced with. They talked about higher viscosity, they want to get away from silicon oil, they had issued such, especially in stem-cell therapies around cold storage. These are issues that we can help solve with this portfolio. So we have, as we mentioned in the past, we have double-digit number of development agreements with self-injection systems where we have a number of customer conversations that are a handful at this point to have surfaced since the releases of inlogic. And we are also seeing the increase in customer engagements around the technology assessment, which is very important. That’s a precursor before you get into these agreements. So, we are very encouraged. And the level of engagements we have with most of the top companies developing biologics across multiple drug delivery modalities is very favorable at this point Bill.
Eric Green: When you look at the outlook, I know historically, we have provided five years at West. Last year, we launched a pretty significant focus on a new strategic plan, and driving the organization to be more market led. And with initiatives we put in place, we are seeing very strong traction. I believe it's important for us as an organization to at least stay focused on what we’ve communicated in regards to our 2020 targets. And so as we stand today, we believe, based on the market trends, based on the adoption of our new products, and the strength of our high-value product portfolio, the adoption towards more high quality has given us increased confidence that our 2020 targets are continue to go for, all includes in West. So that’s where we’re focused on. When things do change overtime in next few years we will continue to update as we talked about, but that’s where we’re focused on right now in 2020.
Eric Green: I think when you take a look at our targets and their comfort levels of -- if you’ve historically -- you are right, there has been some adjustments. But I would say majority of that has been around FX. And there is more -- the worst question about adoption of CZ and SmartDose, which is a really in the hands of our customers and moving to commercial state. But saying that, if you look at where we are today and we are seeing the increased focus around the generic and the biologics with this new dedicated market led focus of the four segments. We believe the penetration -- there is little more acceleration in there that we anticipated. So, we do believe that the way that was structured, they’re focused, is driving the high value products portfolio faster than we’ve seen in the past. And frankly that’s a bigger base today. So, that’s a very strong positive. I think Bill do you want to comment on for cadence.
Eric Green: First of all, your first comment, I want to thank you for that. I appreciate for that comment. Secondly is as we move to backlog, you’re right. We’ve worked very hard over the last 12 months to really debottleneck some of our operations, and particularly up until [indiscernible] in Pennsylvania. And the team did a great job. And I think we’ve normalized and stabilized our lead-times to customers. There is, when you look at the benefit of that is now we have the ability, customers that want to convert from standard packaging to high value products will see the lead-times are more acceptable. So we think the conversations with customer to be more favorable. They will continue to see the demand continue to grow nicely with the high value products. But I also believe that as we look at the demand that’s coming in and the conversations we are having specifically on the biologics and the generics remains robust. I just want to remind you though that in the generics that when they come in, they convert from standard packaging to whether it’s less RS or less RU. We want millions of components. And because they were very short window of opportunity to get into the market with the generics, we have to respond quickly. So, we’re positioned really well now. So, handle those customers with requests, but it does become little lumpy from quarter-over-quarter.
Eric Green: It’s consistent with what we’ve been communicating over the last -- more recently and yes that’s correct.
Eric Green: That’s absolutely correct. In contract manufacturing as you know, we work side-by-side with customers, with specifically devices, and when we are investing with our customer in these new facilities, new equipments to manufacture high volumes through our plant. It does take a few quarters to get through. And those revenues are challenging in regards to the margins. During the tooling phase that it scale up and get into commercial phase, it goes actually well. We’ve typically seen the commercial and for the contract manufacturing business unit. So that is correct, Arnie.
Eric Green: We’ll see an incremental improvement in contract manufacturing into next year. And then I just want remind you that about third of that business is consumer goods, which is somewhat soft in that segment. And while the pharma and med device diagnostic space is pretty robust. So, we see that continued trend and that’s where our team is focused at this point.
Eric Green: No, Arnie, that’s still consistent. And we are looking at three year CAGR on revenue and ROAC targets while three year out for our long-term incentive plan, that’s correct.
Eric Green: Yes, Arnie, you are right. In terms of what has been approved and what we’ve communicated, there are three modalities of CZ that’s been approved now in the commercial markets. And I would say in the last quarter we have the announcement apparently with Amgen on the SmartDose. In regards to the pipeline, we can't give granularity. We do not give granularity on what's in the pipeline. But at this point we do have, as I mentioned earlier, we have double-digits number of development agreements in regards to our self-injection systems. And in that we’ll continue to see interest in the CZ platform.
Eric Green: That’s correct. The facility has been approved, and it's been honoured it, and we are actually manufacturing SmartDose devices out of Arizona today. We are able to handle demand requirements over the next couple of years.
Eric Green: Larry, the trend on NovaPure, the whole portfolio is very positive. In fact the thesis around that was around quality by design and we’re seeing that, the adoption. You’re right Virgin Biotech has been very interested because of the documentation trail and capabilities to provide the highest grade product in this space. Well often to know -- I do mentioned that, we’re also seeing the interest in uptick with our large biotech customers. So that’s not just only emerging biotech play, but it's also been adopted by our larger customers. It's early stages, and as you are seeing with the high value product portfolio. But that’s the strength of the portfolio and the focus around innovation and technology. They are looking at continuously expanding new innovative products into these portfolios of high value products and continuously reacting to our customers’ needs.
Eric Green: So, we have a partnership with Daikyo. And we represent we have -- and this is a 40 plus year old relationship, very strong relationship. We represent some of their components outside of Japan, in the Japanese market. So, when we work with customers, we obviously have the West portfolio. But the Daikyo complements quite nicely and we are working with our customers and delivering the Daikyo components to our customers. So, you’re right, outside of the CZ arena.
Eric Green: Dana, one of the big drivers is around the biologics space. And if you look at, first of all, hearing from our customers but also available data, such as offered by the IMS, we really focused on the volume component, not the end sales of the drug in the marketplace. And what we’re seeing is the volume increase in biologic drug is around high single-digits. And the outlook is still remains very positive. So, again this is all about the uptick on higher quality materials that are used to contain biologics and for Ministry of Injectable Medicines. I think in the generic space, we’re seeing a positive trend to more branded drugs that would be going into generic space. And because of the speed of the markets and that trend and also there is higher degree of quality requirements from the FDA and other regulatory bodies, that we play very nicely with our high-value product portfolio. So, the market trends really haven’t changed from last year when we talked, it's playing out as we anticipated.
Eric Green: Dana, I think you’re right. The diabetes market is always looking at new innovations. First of all, we are currently working with the diabetes market major players from two angles. One is, in our core business with the high value products, some of the elastomers and steel, but also with the delivery devices that are yet owned by the diabetes companies. We remain actually with contract manufacturing business. So we are positioned well in that area. And as new innovations present themselves, we’re also very well positioned from both front, one contract manufacturing but also with the primary container of the drugs.
Eric Green: I think, Dave, when you take a look at year-to-date, let’s start with the year-to-date number. Both biologics and generics are in the mid-to-high teens. And so that has been driving the year-to-date performance. Quarter-to-quarter is does fluctuate a little more in the generic space. But we do see some fluctuations. I think when you look at Q3, in specific, biologics was very strong and generics was in the high singles. So, you can see the math how that works.
Eric Green: Dave, sort of the couple components, one is just to reiterate. We did have our typical seasonal shutdown but we did it last year, so it's not in much variation, that’s very good point there. And you talked about absorption and utilization. But when you look at excluding the impact of the FX transaction exposure, particularly when you look at the yen, our consolidated gross margin expansion would have been 180 basis-points versus the 70 basis-points that we reported. So this is a prime example when you look at the leverage that we can achieve when we have strong HPP adoption and sales growth.
Bill Federici: The bulk of that increase in margin from where we are today to 2020 is relative to the components business, and especially driven by high-value products. So, the percentage of that growth relative to CZ and SmartDose is small.
Bill Federici: Yes, it is more back-end loaded. We will see good strong growth based on what we talked about, the favorable mix shifts, a little bit of price, and the operational efficiencies and leading programs that we have in place. But there is some. In the back-half of the plan, there is some accelerated growth due to all the proprietary deliveries, including our -- not only CZ and SmartDose, but also including many mark product as well.
Bill Federici: So yes, the impact to the yen will continue as we continue to buy materials denominating in yen. Just to remind everyone that 2016 guidance does include that impact for Q4. But you are absolutely right it will impact us at least through the first part of 2017. And on your last point, yes, we fully expect to continue the Board authorized share repurchase program through the end of the year.
Bill Federici: So, Dave, it's absolutely the way that you’re thinking about it is correct. We expect the near-term of that time period between now and the end of 2020 to be driven a lot more by the high-value products. And its continued growth driven as Eric said by biologics and generics. There is an inflection point in the curve. Eric also mentioned that we do not control over the timing over that. That’s customers controlling the timing. But we are encouraged by the amount of activity that we have in both CZ and SmartDose across the entire portfolio. We have this idea about the primary drug container being integrated into a delivery system to create an entire unique delivery system for the customer is something that resonates with our customers. And we believe that will continue to drive strong growth going forward. But in terms of exact timing of when that inflection point is, we do not control that. And just to reminder, in the 2020 numbers, we don’t have a huge amount of CZ and SmartDose in there.
Bill Federici: We did say, as we said. We’ve got $100 million base approximately of proprietary devices today mostly with the administration systems, the reconstitution devices, are the biggest part of that today. And we expect that to grow very solid as we go through the time period. We have not put official number on the CZ and SmartDose in 2020, but the $200 million band -- $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion does anticipate that a lot of that band is due to CZ and SmartDose. So, the uptick of CZ and SmartDose roughly equates to that band.
Bill Federici: Raw material prices continued to behave -- you know that our main component of our rubber formulations is a derivative of oil. And oil prices have ticked up a little bit during the year, but not tremendously. So, we don’t see any measure surprise. And we don’t believe that there will be any major change in the price of oil into the foreseeable future. The Japanese yen purchases raw materials are an issue and we’ll continue to do so into 2017.
Bill Federici: And we also have -- we buy rubber components from Daikyo the floor tech stock, et cetera. So, there is both of raw material component and a representing Daikyo from a sales perspective.
Bill Federici: We don’t talk about the individual customer agreements, Dana. But what we try to do in that regard is we will try to hedge some of our exposure through the normal hedging activities that we have for transactional exposures, like we do on the euro and some of the other things we have.
Bill Federici: And as you know, currency fluctuate Dana, a few years ago we were benefiting from the yen. Now we happen in the third quarter, we took it really on the chin and looks like the fourth quarter will be the same as I said $0.03 impact is expected in the fourth quarter. But, no, we understand your comments and we take it into our guidance, and that’s about what we can do.
Bill Federici: Not sure that I agree 100%. Dana, I understand what you’re saying. We will increase now the activity in Ireland. We have sales out, none of the activity today. That activity will be naturally hedged as you said a lot of the costs and the revenues will be in euros. There will be a translation impact as we bring those local currencies back into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes.
