Eric Green: Great, thank you, Bill. In conclusion, we delivered another solid quarter with momentum for the balance of the year. Our teams are making progress executing on our growth strategy and more importantly the feedback from customers has been extremely positive. We believe we are building on a position of strength, continuing to deliver value for our customers and for our shareholders. Andrew, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Absolutely. So the market-led approach [indiscernible] traction in the conversations we are having with our customers. Just to reiterate, we have aligned our commercial organization really around the generics, the biologics, pharma and we also have contract- manufacturing. And what we’re identifying is we’re creating value proposition that allow our product portfolio to be better aligned to the customer needs. A great example was the recent launch of the 1-3mL NovaPure Plunger, which clearly supports the biologics customer base with the need of larger volume for injectable medicine in auto injectors. So we're seeing good traction. I would also articulate, I’d say that the teams are more focused on getting more insight information from the customers on the needs, which really lends itself into your second question about generics. One thing that we're learning about generics is that the need of high-value products is actually more important than we originally thought because we have a team that is just dedicated for generics are having conversations with the customers on a daily basis. What we're seeing is the growth in generics is really driven by the high-value product portfolio which obviously is higher margin, higher sales and longer stickiness. And the reason for that, the fundamental reason is speed to market. They're looking to get their drug on the market fast and the high-value product portfolio allows them to get approval by the regulatory bodies faster than just the standard products. So that's a good example on this new market-led approach and the traction that we're gaining in the marketplace.
Eric Green: So we’re in early stages of development at this point with the next generation with customers. I’d tell you it is on schedule. What we're seeing is an increased interest to have a device that is pre-fill, two components, and we’re having several discussions with our customers. So the interest level is good. But I would say that we’re on schedule and it's going to take a few years before we start seeing uptick with this next generation.
Eric Green: No, I wouldn’t say there's been a change. I think what you're seeing is little bit of a variance between quarter to quarter. But if you look at the full year, in particular 2016, we feel good about looking at double digit growth both on generics and biologics units and mid single for our pharma. In addition, just to add on to that, our contract manufacturing, as we’ve said, is picking up momentum, we believe mid single for contract manufacturing also. So it's a little bit of a variance between quarter to quarter. We have good line of sight with our customers. I think the market-led approach has given us better visibility on demand, future demand and therefore our confidence level is rising.
Eric Green: I think the way to address that is that once the announcement came out there's been an increase of conversations with key customers. What we've learned in our business over the years is that once you have approval on new technology or even new components, the interest level goes up. So we're seeing an increase in interest for both SmartDose and CZ and we believe will continue to go forward as this product launches.
Eric Green: Yes, they are in line with expectations and also where we are in stages of various stability tests that are going on right now. We think the pipeline is strong and in line consistent to what we've communicated.
Eric Green: Dave, that’s a good point. So we're really focusing on creating centers of excellence especially around our high-value products portfolio. And in Europe we have selected, while we do manufacture in Germany, in France and a few other locations of our high-value product portfolio, we’re focusing to concentrate the next generation, next level of quality out of our Waterford facility. To start with, we are going to be manufacturing and we haven't started by the way, just construction commenced, premise completed, and we'll be doing testing for our customers in 2017 with first commercial dollars in early 2018. But it's really around the [indiscernible] the first phase. And then the second phase we will be starting to put in more high-value products finishing. And that allows us to move commercial revenues through that entity going forward. I'll let Bill comment on implications on the taxes.
William Federici: I agree with everything Eric said, Bill. And just to put a little more flavor around it, efficiencies are important and we will continue to see, as Eric said, margin expansion coming from that. But as a reminder, our growth equation is predominantly a mix equation right now. We have a little bit of price helping the margin, a big lift coming from not only introduction of new products that are requiring our high-value products especially from the biologics area, but as Eric said earlier, the migration from standard product to high-value products coming from our generics customers. We really see that as being the number one driver of the margin expansion going forward being augmented by good efficiency and lean in our plants.
William Federici: Yes, absolutely, Tim. We’re seeing that while the quarter itself was short of last year's second quarter for CZ and SmartDose, that's the nature of our business right now, most of it being of a sampling origin. But as we continue to look at the backlog of committed orders from our one customer on SmartDose as well as those other customers for CZ and some development activity that we have relative to the two, both SmartDose and CZ, we feel comfortable in that $40 million target.
William Federici: It's accounting, I hate to be an accountant and have to explain something like this. But you know the way the accounting works, at the beginning of the plan, once the plan is approved and you have site to the plan, you disclose the entire plan, but you're only allowed to take the income statement charges as it relates to the actual activity happening. So severance for instance, you take that, we set up a provision at the first quarter reflecting what our guesstimate was at that based on the activity that we had. And in one of our geographic locations, the actual number of persons that are affected by this has gone down slightly due to: one, some people left on their own accord; and two, we have in certain locations, you have the knock-on effect where a senior person can displace someone below them and end up with less severance for us. So bottom line is it's an accounting enigma that we had a reversal of a provision that was set before. We will have [indiscernible] we said it before, we will have additional expenses that we will provide for in Q3 and Q4 as we continue to progress the restructuring plan.
William Federici: No, I think what we should take into it is that we believe that the [management rate] that is the rate without all of the special charges for restructuring et cetera and benefits from those will be in that 28%, 28.5% range. And the increase from the prior year is really reflective of an increase in the geographic mix of earnings. So we're earning more money in places like the US and Germany and we will continue to do so, basically driven by high-value products. And that we believe our best guess at this point in time is 28.5% for the rest of the year.
William Federici: So I think Dave the key point that Eric made is important is that this is really driven by the customer demand for higher-quality products. So we are putting the centers of excellence in, first one to be in Ireland and we think there will be one maybe in Singapore will allow us to meet the high level demands of our customers for higher-quality product. And yes, we will be – as new customers come on and once that facility is up and running which probably won't be until 2019, 2020 timeframe, so we're talking way out there, there will be revenues that will be naturally recorded in that country. There will be an ancillary benefit of having the corporate tax rate there is 12.5% as you know, which is less than our global rate and certainly less than the US. But the primary focus of those centers of excellence again is to drive a high-quality product and be able to meet those very, very high quality demands from our customers. And lastly, this tax impact that you're talking about won't take effect until we actually have commercial revenues, which wouldn't even start until 2018.
William Federici: Absolutely, absolutely. So as the revenue ramps, I think it's actually corollary, right, as the revenue ramps, we believe it will be our highest value products being pushed through that plant because that's what the customers demand and therefore higher profits, lower tax, should generate a lower tax rate on that.
William Federici: Sure. On the current backlog situation, you're absolutely right, Larry. It has come down from the peak, January peak was about $450 million, it’s about $30 million less than that now. So we are seeing good progress as Eric mentioned along that curve, but there is still room to run. We are seeing the desired effect of customers not having to place orders as far in advance as there has been which caused that backlog to increase. So we expect that this number will continue to go down. So as we see anniversarying comparing it to the prior year, we'll see the growth number come down the growth over the prior year and sequentially we think we will actually see the dollar amount of the backlog come down. What that exact number is, Larry, is very, very difficult to tell. As we’ve said in the past, it really depends on a number of things, when the customer places the order, each year a customer may have different things going on in their own shop. They may have been looking at some kind of change in their own product portfolio and therefore maybe ordering in advance or waiting to order further later. So it really is a customer by customer analysis. We can say anecdotally that we know that it's higher than it should be, but an exact number to put on it to suggest what the right number is a guess. And I would say that’s somewhere in the mid to high $300 million would be where I would place a normal amount of backlog for our proprietary products.
William Federici: It’s what you said. It's really reflective of – it’s such a small number. When you have tooling and development revenues which is what we expect to come in the back half of them, you'll see a less of a margin on those. You don't get the same margin you would on a commercial product. But the good news is that that's a, what we believe and anticipation of actual commercial orders increasing for those customers since they're doing development activities with us. So while it does have the effect of less overhead absorption and therefore lower margin, we believe that it’s still a positive. We still feel very comfortable with the mid single growth rate for the contract-manufactured product business and we believe that their margins will continue to grow due to a mix shift and lean.
