Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize with Slide 13, the solid financial performance and execution in Q1 continues to reaffirm our proven growth strategy, strong base business and the unique value of our high-quality product offerings for customers. We look forward to building on this momentum as we move through the year, and our team is steadfast in meeting the anticipated growth expectations as we make a positive impact on health care across the globe.  Olivia, we're ready to take questions. Thank you. 
Eric Green: Yes, Matt, over the pandemic, we actually worked with our customers to make sure that we were able to continue to supply and that there wasn't any stockout with any particular customer. So we were successful through the pandemic period of time. And we have been working on reducing the backlog and increasing their safety stock levels really in back end of 2022 and 2023.  The way we see it is that we continue to be on the molecules that are in the marketplace. We are working with them as they adjust their schedules for future shipments to be able to continue to supply those products in the market, and it is based on number of scripts that are being -- injections being administered.  But also, more importantly, is if we look at our current win rate or participation rate last year and going into this year, it is as strong as it's ever been. So our interactions with our customers remain very strong. We have a very strong position in the marketplace. And the issue around potential sole source is that what customers have gained confidence is that we have multiple sites that can be able to support their product in the marketplace so they're not dependent on a particular site. And in that sense, we're able to provide them with a single product, multiple sites to be able to support their global supply chain. 
Eric Green: Jacob, this is Eric. I would say, at this point, we do not want to adjust our long-term outlook. However, we are excited about working with our customers in both areas that you described. One is in the GLP-1 sector, which we would be able to support our customers both in the elastomer side, but also in the -- in our Contract Manufacturing to be able to support them on their delivery devices.  And on the Annex 1, we feel really good about where we are and the discussions that are ongoing right now with our customers and the trends that we're seeing aligns well with how we've positioned our portfolio all the way from if you think about the component specifications all the way to manufacturing design, container closure integrity, then you think about documentation services. The whole suite of requirements to make our customers successful as they transition and be ready for the Annex 1.  So while we're very well positioned in both areas, it is about timing and change can take time and adoption could take time. So we are -- we would say that the long-term outlook construct is a range. But as an organization, we don't have a ceiling. So I'll leave it like that. 
Eric Green: Yes, Paul. That's -- yes, I would characterize that as such. Probably more pronounced in Contract Manufacturing. We do have significant investments going on right now, both in Grand Rapids and Dublin, that will be -- validation will occur later this year, but most commercial revenues will be observed in 2025 going forward.  And then in the high-value product proprietary devices, there are some constraints that we have due to capacity, but that's being layered in as we speak. So as the timing throughout the year, you'll see even stronger throughput later on this year. 
Eric Green: Well, if I -- let me rephrase that. I think the HVP components for us, most of the destocking that we've experienced earlier this year is around that category. However, that particular part of the portfolio will ramp up quite -- very nicely sequentially throughout the year. So it is -- most of the -- if you look at the Q1, the proprietary elastomer side, it really is due to destocking at this point in time but very strong outlook towards the end of the year and very strong obviously beyond that. 
Eric Green: Yes. No, it's a great question. I mean last year was a unique situation due to inflationary pressures. This year, I think we discussed in February that we're targeting between the 3% to 4% corridor on net price contribution, absent of any HVP mix shift. And so we started the year off in line with what we expect 3% to 4%. 
Eric Green: And so we're seeing some of that return in Q2 as we speak. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're seeing -- we're still seeing some destocking occurring into Q2. And as we look at the order patterns in the second half of the year, and we -- and obviously, we're -- as you know, we're make to order. So we get -- we have a purview if you look out multiple quarters ahead of us, it is stronger than it has been in a number of years, if you normalize for COVID. So we feel good about the -- when we talk about sequential growth on the revenue for the next several quarters, we feel very good based on the order patterns we're currently seeing today. 
Eric Green: It's -- this will be within our high-value product devices portfolio. It's a smaller piece of our overall business. There are some -- as we make these improvements, there are some, I guess, constraints as we continue to manufacture, but most of those have been -- are being resolved as we speak. 
Eric Green: Yes, David, that's a good observation is that not just upstream, but downstream, we have to be aware of. We do have very strong, very long-term relationships with customers that are in this space. So those relations are very -- are well established, where we do interact with them about their demand profiles, min to max type of conversation for the various drugs and so we're sensitive towards that.  Obviously, we don't speak to any of those volumes of a customer. But the way to look at it is -- so to your question, if there's bottlenecks somewhere else in the value chain of -- to get these products into the market, we have to be aware and we try to work with our customers with that understanding. Our role is to make sure that we aren't the bottleneck.  And so as you think about the elastomer side of the business, a lot of those assets are fungible. So these lines are not exclusive. So if we have to make a high-value product plunger, we're able to do that in multiple high-value product facilities and our customers can improve more than one site.  When it comes to Contract Manufacturing, it is a little different. That's installed capacity and there's a theoretical maximum to it. And that is one of many suppliers in that space. So that is different. That's a very tailored business model for a customer or multiple customers.  So that's how we are tackling this, Dave. So we -- as we look at the investments, on the elastomer side, we feel really good about where we are with our capacity. We have been expanding capacity. So we're in a very good position. On the Contract Manufacturing site, we will -- if and when awarded additional contracts, we will build out, expand and ramp up production to peak volumes within 1 or 2 years. So that's pretty typical of the model that we have today. 
Eric Green: Well, I will say, it will wane. Yes, it is going to wane throughout -- as you talked about, throughout the year. And that's supported by our confirmed orders as we think through the balance of 2024 and also the discussion we had about sequential growth quarter-over-quarter for the next 4 quarters. 
Eric Green: Larry, thanks for the question. Yes, we've been having a lot of active discussions. And as I mentioned at the recent conference that we attended in New York, that was clearly the #1 discussion point. And it's interesting is that we're very well positioned to be able to support our customers as we kind of think about how do our customers get ready for -- to be able to support and provide product with the regulations of Annex 1. Now the one comment I will make is that one of the clear indicators that the most interest is coming from the multinationals. I think originally, there might -- thinking around just the European firms, but this clearly is a discussion at a multinational level to really simplify their own supply chains. And so that's encouraging. And it's -- and again, it's not just for new drugs. It's really a heavy emphasis on the legacy portfolio.  So that's about as much as I probably can give you without going too detailed, but these are active dialogue discussions that they will take time. It will depend on the customer. It will depend on the drug that they like to transfer, but we're well positioned to have those discussions and then act upon them. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. Just as Eric said, Matt, sequentially, it will be up. There is an element of timing between Q1 and Q2. So some of those orders that we shipped out in Q1, originally, we would have earmarked in Q2. So we're seeing that, and we're also seeing the destocking continue into Q2. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It was -- it's primarily around gross margin, and that's impacted by mix and then the overall absorption in some of our plants impacted the margin that we saw in Q1, but it was actually ahead of where we had predicted it to be, which -- so it was a solid performance for us in the quarter. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. I think, Paul, on that, it's important to note that we don't anticipate any major mix shift. There's still the growth opportunities around HVP and in the biologics space. And even in Q1, that continued to grow. And you could see the growth driven there by the growth in NovaPure. So from a mix perspective, I think when you look at it in the whole, areas are growing. And our growth potential, as we look out past '24, around standard components and packaging and HVP, the trajectory is the same; that they are the growth drivers. 
Bernard Birkett: We expect margin improvement sequentially as we move through the year, and that hasn't changed since we spoke about it in February. We would see growth in operating margins step up quarter-over-quarter. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And I think the productivity improvements that we're actually working on right now don't impact our current levels of production. And we would -- again, we would see a sequential improvement in the throughput around that business. So we're not looking at a step back there. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes, David. So it was really in some of the other areas of high-value products where we saw some step back in Q1. But what we do expect to see as we progress through the year, the volumes around that business to increase again sequentially. And that's when we talked about the destocking earlier on in the year where we're seeing it was across all different parts of our business. So we would expect that HVP growth to accelerate as we move through the year and then the margin -- and that to be reflected in our margins. And also, we'll get the pickup of incremental or increased throughput as we move through the year. I think Q1 was our lowest level of throughput, and we're a high-volume business. So absorption does get impacted. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Larry, as a percentage of revenue, we expect R&D to be pretty constant as we go through the year. And where is that money going? A lot of that increase is around integrated systems and how we're building that out. And again, it is our partnership with Corning and supporting that and developing that market. 
