Bill Federici: And the other part of that story was to reduce throughput in the contract manufacturing plants, Arnie.
Bill Federici: The answer to the first question, the range is what we’ve seen thus far somewhere in that $120 million to $150 million. It will vary each year, but that’s a good way to think about CapEx going forward. In terms of the second question about how ROIC will progress, we think ROIC will get stronger over the planned period as the profitability increases from the commercialization of those proprietary products in the back half of the planned that has the, carries not only higher revenue per unit, but also higher margin per unit in that business and therefore will increase the profitability and as such it will increase ROIC.
Bill Federici: Yeah. I agree, Ross. Other than some lumpiness in individual quarters which we saw last quarter when the high value products only grew about 3%. We’ve looked back overtime we’ve shown you that slide when we get together the last five years through 2012, high value products grew at 15% on a compound annual growth rate over that time period. We see no reason why over, again lumpiness in quarters, but if you look at over the year time horizon, no reason why we should not continue to see growth in kind of that low to mid teens rate.
Bill Federici: Yeah. You wouldn't see the whole lots of flu in the fourth quarter, that's all pre-manufactured at the end of the second and third quarter. So year-on-year no real change there.
Bill Federici: Yeah, it’s across the board. So if you take the disposable net device customers, that usually gets consumed and what they will consider just in time. They usually carry anywhere between four and six weeks would be a pretty good number. Those manufacturing sites are located pretty close to their. So those times tend to be a bit lower. On the pharmaceutical side, again it’s all over the map depending on product type and demand. It is not unusual from those companies to keep somewhere between three and four months’ stock on hand. With some of the lead time challenges we had in the high value products earlier in the year, we did have customers build up safety stocks to a higher level. For the biotech companies, it’s not unusual for some to be at six to nine months and others to be at nine to 12 months. That would be for finished goods. So we also work very closely with our customers in terms of raw material strategies. We also have safety inventories of all critical raw materials, some of which stretch to a year.
Don Morel: Yeah. I mean it’s probably a bunch of questions in there. The orders for 2014 that are flowing in are positive and more what we think is part of our normal business flow in the fourth quarter. The two things that happen in the third quarter, we did have acceleration with volumes for vaccine product which is not a typical given the fact that they would be preparing for the full season and other things. And the other one is an unusual one, with a change in a detergent agent with the way that we process some of our products for our specific customers. So in fact during the quarter they have been double ordering new samples so that they can run their validation trials and old samples before the product is continued to run current volumes, so that was the better to pick up problem in the third quarter. The fourth quarter is ordinary one and which we do have good visibility, but it is subject to some lumpiness as customer adjust year-end volumes. So we feel good about where we’re at and we feel good about the fact that ‘14 is starting to sell in.
Don Morel: Yeah. The majority of it is driven by the product mix both as we see a higher shift through the value-add and the Packaging Systems group, we think that sounds like to run. A large part of it is driven by the proprietary mix and Delivery Systems moving from about 24% now to we think we can get it close to 50%. So the uptick of those products carries a much higher gross margin and in fact drives the improvement in the consolidated operating margin. It is not a whole lot built in on the lean and efficiency side although we certainly will continue those programs and always look to see how we can keep our cost as well as that possibly can be, but the majority will be driven by mix.
Don Morel: It’s likely to be pushed out to early next year. The customer has requested a few design changes, which are underway. We are doing clinical trials solely for human factors engineering, but in terms of including the drug it will likely be early next year.
Don Morel: Okay. I will take them as you gave them. The 6% to 8%, we think about pricing, it’s going to be what we talked about generally, which is 1% to 1.5%. There is a little bit of volume in there, again maybe in the same kind of weighing 1% to 1.5% and rest would be what we consider to be mix. So as it relates to the contract manufacturing business growth rate, yeah the 3% to 5% is a good way to think about that. And I think I forgot the last part of that question.
Don Morel: CZ is going to be again modestly increasing somewhere in the mid -teens rate of increase and that will be off a base. We think this year it'll get around $15 million of sales of the CZ and then you have an increase of something like 15% on top of that.
Don Morel: Well, certainly you need market niche. As a reminder, the CZ platform has always had a very strong position in radioisotopes and contrast imaging agents. So Daikyo currently sales, I would estimate probably about $30 million to $40 million worth of CZ going directly in the image contrast agents. So the study in effect validated with the customer was we’ve already seen and testing in terms of the performance improvement of the material versus glass. The major issue here is breakthrough systems, but if the article pointed out there are also some other conventional benefits. In terms of our marketing, we continue to get the word out in terms of how we perceive the benefits for especially high value products to be presented to our customers, whether it’s break resistance, reduction and contamination, elimination of silicon, all of them look for a different list of performance attributes that will enhance their product. We’ll fortune to be in a position that through a combination of technologies we can offer them a range of those benefits. So these conferences, it’s one-on-one contact through the sales force and continuing to push the message.
Don Morel: Yeah, it’s a bit of a follow-up to Ross’ question. The majority of the testing that’s taken place over the last six months has been very focused, human factors trial, very interested in how they obviously follow the user instructions that placement on the abdomen pain levels, those trials had gone very well with very high satisfaction rates. We did get some feedback out of those trials resulting in a couple of design changes and that’s what pushed the actual drug trial into the early part of 2014, but we see the feedback on a patient basis being very, very positive.
Don Morel: Yeah, I mean, there is two answer to the question, Arnie. One is that follows the traditional two-year stability and one year view on approval by the various regulatory agencies. The conservative view is late ’15, early ’16. The aggressive view is the drugs that would have a nine or 12 month stability trial. We don’t know if any of those going on currently to my knowledge, which might pull forward a little bit, but I think it would have taken a stand, you probably in the Q4 ’15, Q1, Q2 ‘16 kind of range for the real inflection point.
Don Morel: Yeah in terms of pre-stability and early validation and compatibility testing, we know that it’s more than a hundred to our knowledge and we have gotten no update from our customers right now. There are four that are on formal stability.
Don Morel: Thank you very much for your time this morning. We look forward to talking with you again during our February year end call.
