Don Morel: Lot of information I have to answer, but simply put the high value-add products include FluroTec and B2-Coated products, Westar process and we call Envision and NovaPure. So, those are the products that go through vision inspection for particular and those products usually carry with them a great deal of more laboratory analysis and chemical analysis before they're actually shift to the customer and the driver for that really is two-fold. One, we are seeing more stringent regulatory requirements in certain markets, where [cleanliness] is paramount. Many of our customers are beginning to make stronger entry in Japan, which has much more stringent quality standards and those markets are requiring the highest quality that we can possibly produce. On the other hand, the standard products comprised closures that don’t incorporate to those attributes that are usually uncoated. They maybe Westar wash, but they got into the lower margin markets, which would include some of the standard business in developing economies. It would include veterinary products, dental products and things of that nature. So, we are pretty pleased with the growth in the value, of course, we had to call that out last year. During the call we expected a better mix and it's materialized during the first quarter.
Don Morel: We don’t breakout the Tech numbers, and we usually don’t breakout the high-value add numbers. The thing about the backlog, I'd say it’s a key. It's kind of become compressed into a three to four month timeframe versus a six to nine month timeframe that we used to have.
Don Morel: That actually is an old product that we produce out of our Ireland facility Arnie and we just try to get bump in this quarter from it, but it’s not a big number.
Don Morel: I will try the second one first, certainly we benefited from some restocking due to the short order queries in 2009 and whether or not those are related to new product launches it’s difficult to tell, but certainly with strong fourth quarter we had and this strong first quarter, there has been a bit of restocking after the workout that we saw end of ‘08 through ‘09. In terms of what we are doing, the best thing we can do is keep our account reps and our global account managers as close to the customers as possible. I think we focused on what the inventory strategies are going to be going forward. If we can level out our plans the timing of the orders really isn’t that big an issue as long as we know a couple of months ahead at time what we can expect to produce. It’s the level loading is the key because that allows us to stop raw materials and then plan our labor accordingly. So, we can only go on what they give us, sometimes they were right, sometimes they were not so right.
Don Morel: The organic growth is going to be combination of India and China and what we think is going to be continued positive mix versus ‘09 in the major European and North American markets. So, it's kind of across the board.
Don Morel: It's not going to be major, when compared to the total revenue base, but the key is that first and second customers that they are going to began quantity orders that will allow them to do line studies and formal stability studies with validated products. So, our expectation is that once the four cavity cell comes online as opposed to shipping 500 and 1000 we are going to be jumping up into the 10,000 to 20,000 lot sizes and if things hold their course, we should see some major orders probably by the mid-point in the year or in the third quarter in the couple of 100,000 unit range. So, the news is very encouraging. The key thing for us is to stay on track with the validation of the cell, which is targeted for completion at the end of the second quarter.
Don Morel: In terms of the timing, clearly with CZ and some of the other products coming in 2012, 2013, our goal is to be over the 40% to 50% of revenue range coming from proprietary sometime in that 2013, 2014 timeframe.
Don Morel: You never know what you are going to get, but our understanding this year is that an H1N1 component will be part of the seasonal vaccine. So, you won’t see the incremental volume that we got in '09 from a separate H1N1 vaccine.
Don Morel: I think logically we go that direction. For us right now the issue we're dealing with is simply the longer term visibility. A couple of years ago, if you look at the backlog, it had a much more gradual slope towards the three or six months at the end of the year, but it will refill itself. What we are looking at now is that backlog is compressed into a shorter timeframe and we simply don’t have the visibility in really the third quarter and fourth quarter that we would have. New orders are coming with greater velocity at the end of the quarter for the ensuing quarter. They are just not coming large at the beginning of the year and then being worked off through the year.
Don Morel: Yeah, I wouldn’t expect the fourth quarter like we had last year. That was really extraordinary. We don’t expect to drop off the cliff, either it should be a return to what I would call a more normal quarter if customers are working off their end of the year target and new orders will come in accordingly.
Don Morel: Yeah. At the end of the last year, the major one that was out from the program announced in '06 was the Singapore expansion and that was challenging because we were increasing our capacity within the footprint of the plant not adding additional space adjacent to it, but that was completed in July last year and everything is running well. The only other one we’ve got going on now Bill referenced is the conversion of our Kingston plant to more of a pharmaceutical component plant than a device plant, like it is now.
Don Morel: No, there is a little bit because once you have equipment and you go through the expense and doing the validation when you are getting your sales off for the equipment, so there is always some start-up expense there.
Don Morel: In that case, thank you very much for your time this morning and we look forward to seeing everyone in New York City on the 6th of May. Thank you very much.
Bill Federici: Just to add to what Don said, the Tech number Arnie for your information in the backlog is modest. It's only about somewhere less than $15 million, as included in that $250 million. The rest of it is for the packaging systems.
Bill Federici: I'll answer the last question first. In terms of the variability, as we have been doing in the past, we did it last year and we'll do it again this year. We try to keep a close eye on our markets and the ultimate demand for our products. As we did last year, when we saw demand slowing, we pullback on our CapEx. If you remember, we had projected that we'll be in $140 million range last year and we ended up at $105 million. So that variability Arnie is really reflective of that. As we continue to go through the year, we’ll continue to test the market for demand and adjust accordingly. In terms of the how we get there in terms of the spend, we have projects that are ongoing. Some work has been done in one of our facilities in the US, converting it from a standard product plan to one that produces high-end pharmaceutical components. We have worked that we begun at the end of last year and we’ll continue to go forward in terms of spending on the innovation products, building more capacity for things like the CZ product. We also are spending considerable amount of money this year on our global quality initiative, which is the lion share of the increase that we’ll see in the expansion product. So those things plus the maintenance increasing slightly year-over-year is where we see the big gap in that number.
Bill Federici: No. We had a lot of activity in the information technology space and basically in other areas around the innovation.
Bill Federici: We had last year pension expense in the US was about $80 million and what we ended up with this year based on the fact that we were able to increase the value, the assets that we hold in the pension plan. We are able to reduce the amount of expense versus last year by approximately $2 million. You are seeing $0.5 million of that in the first quarter and you will see a $0.5 million each quarter as we go forward. If you remember Arnie an important point about pension is you only get one crack at the expense during the year. It set by the actuaries at the beginning of the year based on our assets, the expected return on those assets, what we expect for the interest rates and what we expect for expense. We basically are looking at again a reduction of $2 million versus the prior year as we go through the year and that won't change again until we get to the end of 2010.
Bill Federici: The one that didn’t have any reduction, where the CZ, the safety products and the auto-injector and in fact what we did was pulled back on a couple of the longer term projects that we just put in to the holding pan. So, the decrease through 2009 was simply due to some of the longer term projects in the conceptual pace being deemphasized in favor of the CZ in particular.
Bill Federici: It would be muted for this year. I mean look what we, and it’s a little bit of long-winded conversation, I apologize, but if you remember its two pieces. One, it’s the supply contracts that we have that mute any increase by anywhere between 4 and 6 months. Then secondly, we’ve also gone out into the marketplace and bought forward some hedge against the increasing prices in those, basically crude oil, which is the underlying material that used in manufacturing the synthetic rubbers that we use. So, between the two of those should the price of oil continue where it is, in that kind of ADD five range, we feel pretty comfortable, where our guidance is without any issues, should go to the kind of 140-150 levels that it went to a couple of years ago in the summer. That would have an impact, but that impact would not start to hit us until the very backend of 2010 into 2011.
Bill Federici: Answer the last question first; again the gross margins on the contract manufacture product are significantly less. They are in the high singles to perhaps as much as 20% to 25% gross margins. On the proprietary base, the margins are much higher. They are equivalent to our Packaging Systems margins starting in the 30s and running up through about 50%. In terms of numbers, in the first quarter of the rough number $75 million worth of sales in that group, $12 million of it was the high value Safety and Administration system and Plastef sales. So, that’s the high value product in that space of the proprietary. Basically [many more] products and its got $12 million and the rest it was contract manufacturing.
Bill Federici: The expectations are built into 2010 for what we think is going to happen, Andrew in the rest of 2010. We will continue to see mix as I mentioned, we do expect that margin for that group will be better than the 2009 margins and a big piece of that is the mix.
Bill Federici: I’m not sure I’ve got the question right, but if the question is, have we seen a change, yes; the change has been fairly dramatic. We used to have customers that a few years ago were putting blanket orders for the entire year and they've put demand in the late in the fourth quarter, the proceeding year or early in the first quarter of the year and they recovered not only the near-term, but they covered almost a whole year worth of their needs. That has evaporated.
Bill Federici: There are some volume rebates, but it's on the amount that that the customer will buy. It's not based generally on their orders; it's based on how much they actually buy.
Bill Federici: Some of it Jim, but its certainly not significant and we don’t expected to be material for the year.
Bill Federici: Sure. I’ll take the last question first again on the currency effect. Our previous guidance was at $1.40 per euro and the current guidance is at $1.36 per euro. That had an effect on the full year guidance, reduction effect of $0.04 EPS. In terms of the sales growth and the portions of it, we expected very minimal price increases kind in that same 0.5% to 1%. The largest impact on sales was going to be the mix, which we expect to be most of the difference. There is some volume in there. Again it's very modest amount of volume increase. We are really counting on the continued conversion of product to the higher end product that gives us both revenue and then also drives the margin as well.
