Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Before I close, I'm pleased to share that last evening we received FDA clearance for West to market our 20 millimeter Vial2Bag advanced product. The team is excited to bring this innovative product to the healthcare professionals. To conclude, there are many challenges ahead of us, but we're resolute in our mission focus systems and most importantly, the team to address these challenges. We see strengths in our core business and we're confident in our long-term growth strategy. Our market led strategies delivering unique value propositions to our customers. Our global operations network is able to flex and respond to the demand, while driving market leading service and quality. And our investments in digital technology and automation will continue to keep us on the forefront of the industry. We remain focused on delivering value to all our stakeholders on a sustainable basis and doing our part to support the healthcare industry as it works to resolve this global pandemic. On behalf of the team members at West, we continue to wish you well in the days ahead. Gila, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Juan, well, first of all, thank you. And we look at Q2 is approximately 19 million; Q3 was roughly around 32 million net COVID impact. And a lot of that has been around our therapeutics and supporting therapies and in Q3 saw a little bit of demand regarding vaccines to support the vaccines. But until we have visibility as our customers get product that's approved for human use, we are not able to guide any further is particularly around the vaccines. So Bernard did mention that for the full year, we're looking at about $85 million net impact of COVID-19. That's just based on what we know today and what we have visibility off.
Eric Green: Yes. So it was – the majority of it was around therapeutics and that's still, what we're seeing, now we have seen towards the back end of the quarter, some customers pull some of their demand for vaccines forward a little bit, and we have been responding to those demands, but primarily in Q3 mainly around therapeutics and some vaccine and revenues.
Eric Green: Yes. Well we don't comment on exactly what the stages are – how our customers are ramping up. So we just can't comment on exactly the use at this point in time.
Eric Green: So to answer your first question on contract manufacturing, as we called out in Q2 we have seen significant improvement. Some of the Q2 bump in margins was related to some one-time engineering revenues and the associated profitability we saw with those. Again, we did see further improvements in Q3, if I was to look out between now and the end of the year; I would think the margin maybe a little bit lighter than that or showing again significant improvements on previous years. And then as we roll forward into 2021 and beyond, I would start to see the 18% plus being more sustainable over the long-term. But I was when we're looking at Q4; I would dampen down expectations a little bit on that one.
Eric Green: Yes. On our long-term construct, we have continuously said that we're targeting 100 basis points plus improvement year-over-year. And we continue to make the investments to make sure that we can sustain that level of improvement over the long-term and digital is part of that.
Eric Green: Yes. What's coming back is the 20 millimeter version of the Vial2Bag which is more – majority of the demand in the adjustable market. So we are now as we got the approval late last night in the mode of ramping-up and to reenter the market or enter the market with the new innovative product that we're very comfortable and confident on will be a really solid solution. When you start thinking about transferring vile drugs from vile into a bag situation environment. So, and at the bedside of a patient, so we're excited about this launch and we're ready to move forward and thankfully the FDA has supported us on this journey
Eric Green: Yes. FluroTec is really kind of a foundational element. We start thinking about particularly in the Biologics area. So the FluroTec coating that is used on both stoppers and plungers. And so therefore as somewhat foundational and that is being, the demand is obviously increased due to the current pandemic. We started thinking about penetration of envision, which has continuously grow nicely and then NovaPure, which is the highest level quality product that we provide in the marketplace. And that is the – the adoption rate is starting to continue to – continues to accelerate. It is still less than 10% or frankly, less than 5% of our sales and proprietary, but the highest growth that we're seeing and what's really encouraging as you know, we have good visibility what's in the pipeline and what our customers are looking to use for primary containment. NovaPure is now becoming quite a, I call it a staples in the biologic space. So we anticipate strong growth in NovaPure not just near-term, but more long-term on the base business. And in addition to that, we sort of think about some of the vaccines are being looked at and being developed for COVID. We are seeing interest levels around NovaPure.
Eric Green: Larry, the capacity that we've added was already baked into our five-year strap plan. So really what we've done is accelerated that CapEx by probably two to three years. So that this is capacity we were going to add in any case and say a vaccine didn't happen and we all want vaccines to be successful, but if it didn't, there would be some cost to cover really in the short term, but that, it's perfectly within our capability to do that. So we don't see any, no specific risk with this. It's technologies that we already have in our business, and that we are running today. So it's really expanding the current technology base. So from that perspective, there's not a huge risk, and we would not see that capacity sitting there idle for, it within the medium to long-term, if that vaccines were not successful.
Eric Green: A lot of our businesses made to order, but we are in active discussion with several customers of if and when a vaccine is approved and how we can respond. So, I think, earlier in the prepared remarks, Bernard mentioned a little bit about inventory has increased and some of that is due to build on, on some components that…
Eric Green: And that was the customer, it's our own inventory as we prepare. So we're well positioned to be able to react quickly and meet the requirements that the customers have, we have agreed upon with our customers. So, again, we're made to order, so we'll be able to respond once those – if and when those approvals come.
Eric Green: Jacob, that's exactly one of the areas we're starting to have further discussions with our customers, in particularly a couple of the development agreements recently signed and it commenced on what the customers is exactly just referenced, ability to take it away from an infusion setting to a delivery device environment that SmartDose is capable of doing. Now, it does take time to ensure that it's compatible and we –obviously works as required. And we're confident in that area, but these development agreements do take time to get through over the line. We're seeing a bolt mixture of new molecules in the pipeline, but also molecules that are already in the marketplace that using other types of modalities for delivery.
Eric Green: No, you're absolutely right. In the last quarter, we had double digit growth on the ex-COVID in both – in proprietary, which is really the area that were impacting the most wood sparking units probably supporting the most. And when you think about the pipeline in our biologics businesses is very robust. So not just molecules that have been launched and continue to have higher uptake in the marketplace, but it's new molecules that are being developed and we have a very high participation rate also in biologics. So the underlying growth rate of the three market units continued to do quite well. And that does put, as you referenced, additional capacity pressures on our capabilities, but that's where these investments we're bringing in and we're able to quickly install, validate, and move it into operational productivity. So the underlying business and we believe that will continue to go forward as is based on our current participation rate on new molecules coming through the pipeline.
Eric Green: It's preclinical. So, we're very early on and a lot – in many cases, if they're not using, as you know, we have a pretty high participation rate on many of our customers' drug portfolio. So if they're looking at moving away from some – an element or products that they're already using within other parts of their portfolio then we will obviously alter and move to a higher value product like NovaPure, but it's very early on with our customers.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And so we're seeing strong growth across all of the areas of our business with COVID and ex-COVID, if you look at the growth rates excluding COVID, we're at double-digit growth rates. So it's strong across all areas of the business, and we've been showing growth in each of the market units and contract manufacturing.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, so, we're onboarding the equipment as we speak and – each week and over the next coming weeks, we'll be layering in more. And as we move into 2021, we'll be layering in more capacity. There is some expense around us regarding some engineering support, validation support, but it's not overly material. As we've already commented that the equipment and the technologies are onboarding our technologies and equipment that we have used in the past. So it's not anything new for us. So we have the systems and the people in place already to be able to do that. So it's not overly material on our results at this point.
Bernard Birkett: So, right now, we're focusing on making sure that we're adding the additional capacity, the required capacity that's needed, and you can see that we've increased or had increased our CapEx guidance. And that's in the short to medium term as we look at where we deploy capital in the future. Yes, we will look at M&A, but again we take a very disciplined approach to looking at that and how we deploy capital in that area based on what are the strategic objectives that we have and what incremental value cannot bring to our customers and how we will create value from those acquisitions and add stakeholder value. And so, we have a pretty robust constructs around the hurdle rates that we have to meet, but that is something that we have started to look at. And if we have any updates for you in the future, we'll obviously communicate those to you. The one thing that we are cognizant of is that we have a very strong and robust organic growth story and strategic plan in place. And our priority is to make sure that we continue to deliver on that and not get distracted. So, hopefully that answers your question.
