Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In closing, we remain confident that the fundamentals of our markets, our products and our strategy are solid. We are maintaining our leadership position with customers. We are expanding our customer portfolio with emerging Biotech and small pharmas as the number of new therapies based on injectable drugs continues to grow. The regulatory hurdles for quality and reliability continue to rise, and our global customer base is increasingly looking to West for worldwide availability, scientific expertise, innovative new components and injection devices, and deep technical service, which we continue to deliver. I want to be clear, we see no change in the fundamental growth drivers and no change in long-term sales growth expectations of 6% to 8% per annum with approximately 100 basis points of operating profit margin expansion per year. Leanne, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: So when we were looking at our opportunities, what levers we have available to our business on a short term. It's more around typical cost measures around how we are deploying our resources in our plants. It's also looking at ways to reduce our SG&A or maintain our SG&A as a percentage of sales around that 15% to 15.5%, which we're currently at. This is more around the discretionary spend that we have here at West. Fundamentally, we look at our infrastructure and you look at where we have our operations and our plants and the capacity we have available. There is a demand. We expected demand to continue to pick up latter part of this year. We are ready to take that on. So that's -- the lever we're looking at is more around the discretionary.
Eric Green: Yes, so what we're doing with our global operations team in our commercial organization is that we have a very robust supply chain group that is actually being tied to our customers and started looking at demand patterns. Not just historic but also forward looking. And so these are the initiatives that we have put in place. But it is really around the overall demand planning, not insular but actually working side-by-side with our customers. Just to reiterate, I mentioned earlier that I had a meeting -- several of us had a meeting with the key leaders of a major Pharma company up in Jersey Shore, and that was one of the key deliverables from that discussion is integrating our group with their group to actually build forecast and demand short-term and more long-term.
Eric Green: Yes, so around CZ and SmartDose what you're seeing, the increase, as we anticipated this year, is really due to commercial launches. And what we're -- in our comment about additional DAs in the areas around SmartDose it's obviously filling the pipeline for future opportunities. But the growth you're seeing today is really around the commercial launches.
Eric Green: Yes, let me -- so no, Larry, that's a very good question and thank you for bringing that up. I think when you take a look at our high-value products in our backlog today, I'm really pleased with the progress of our operations teams have delivered on over the last 12 to 18 months. Just to remind you, if we look at our high-value product portfolio, it's roughly around 17% -- last year it was about 17% of the number of units we produced at West. And when you break it down, one of the early entrants of highlighted products for us historically has been around Westar. And that process is roughly 1/3 of the high-value product portfolio. Just to remind you that about two years ago with customers, we were averaging a little over 30 weeks for lead times. And that's not acceptable. The work that has been in place today, we're less than a third of that to our customers from a lead time perspective. And that work over the last year, year and a half, is a direct correlation or a direct impact on the increased confidence from our customers and reducing the large bolus orders that were coming in, historically, due to the lead times. I also just -- just to build off of that, to give you a line of sight and confidence. While the Westar is down, was down double digits in the last quarter, the other parts of the high-value product portfolio that we're pushing into new commercial drugs and opportunities, is growing very strongly. Such as, you talked about the self-injection CZ already with your initial question. But the NovaPure and the Envision line, all very much strong double-digit. Yes, from a smaller base, but this supports the strategy of continuously expanding the pipeline of new products, higher quality, to meet the needs of our customers. So it really is that the backlog right now is a direct correlation to the reduction in lead times, specifically around the Westar processing in the Generics space.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, mostly in the Biologics space is -- a lot of that's driven from our customers in new commercial launches. There is a -- There was some due to a similar situation with Generics but that's at a much lesser extent. It's really around delayed drug products into the marketplace that we have visibility of, and I won't go into details of any one particular customer. But we believe, based on the conversations that latter part of this year, we'll see those becoming real in far as commercial revenue for West to our customers.
Eric Green: No, Larry, as you know -- a lot of -- many of our customers when they're about to launch new molecules, they buy in -- buy ahead and to prepare for the launch. And if there's a delay in the launch, it does create a little bit of an issue on the flow of new orders. I just want to reiterate, when you look at Biologics, we have no visibility of any lost sales. And the questions that I look at every day is, when you look at new molecules coming through the pipeline, are we participating on those molecules? And we can confidently say yes, specifically in the Biologics space, it's very positive. Now I'll just give you an example, there's a major customer with a major biosimilar that's just been recommended for approval in the bio presentation, and what I'm excited about is that our NovaPure line is on that. So again, it's another win for West but frankly speaking, it's a win for our customers and for the ultimate patient.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's a good question. Let me try to dimension this for you. When we're looking at the business of Generics today, in the asked question, there's been a decline. So we said mid-single-digit decline in Q3. Last quarter, we were sitting here saying that we felt more comfortable of the large Generic players, which is was about 4 of them, frankly, make up 40% of the Generics business. We have visibility line of sight, orders on hand and how that's going to play out for the rest of the year. What we didn't anticipate, frankly, is about half of the decline of that mid-single-digit decline in Generics came from mostly in India. What we've seen there is that it's not just one or two, there's several of our customers that have gone through audits and they have 40 trees that were supplied. And that has delays right now on material going into those customers to produce. Now, we're very sensitive to the fact that if they're not able to correct their -- they have corrective actions that actually get approved, we know that these drugs will have to be picked up from somewhere else. And we're staying tuned to that. Our best estimate based on talking to the customers and also looking at some available data in the marketplace such as IMS, suggests between three to six plus months before a transition would occur. Now that's what we're focused on right now. So about half of the decline in Generics came from specifically, not a 100% but mostly out of our customers in India.
Eric Green: Yes, that's a very good question, thank you. When you look at the high-value product portfolio and you look at the whole spectrum that we've laid out on the bottom left hand side of that portfolio, it's really the Westar, an entry point of high-value products. And that's where we've seen the decline, specifically around the customers that I mentioned around the Generic space. When you look around the NovaPure and Envision, they're all -- again, it's a small base. If you look at Westar, it is larger than the accumulation of self-injection CZ administration systems for NovaPure and Envision. But those product portfolios are growing well in the double digits, significantly. So we're seeing a continued migration towards the highest Quality by Design of NovaPure. We're also seeing an increase in Envision's inspection requirements, specifically in the Biologics and now coming into the Generics space. So we're comfortable that we're continuously moving up the value chain when you look at the quality of these new products. I just want to reiterate though the high-value products right now -- or last year, was about 17% of the number of units we produced. And we believe that will continuously increase 100 basis points to 150 basis points every year.
Eric Green: Yes, from our perspective, working with our customers, there's newer issues that are being faced with our customers, specifically in India. While there are some issues that are outside India. They've been going on for some time now. This is specifically, more than a handful, I would say, in India.
Bill Federici: So, yes, I think what we've said in the release and what we're confirming here is that Q3 will be flat on the EPS line to prior-year. We will continue to see the effects of the Generics and the Bio being soft. As we look towards the fourth quarter, we will be expecting to see more -- a return to a more normal order pattern from our customers in both of those regards. So less robust in Q3 as we expect normally in sales but higher growth rates in the fourth quarter.
Bill Federici: Yes, Larry, it's a little bit less than that because you got some other currencies running against you in Asia and Europe -- Asia and South America. The way we're looking at is that is about $0.03 in the back half of the year will be the benefit. If it stays at $1.14 for the for the rest of the year.
Bill Federici: Yes, so currency is not going to affect the margin percentage very much. It does affect -- its $0.03 on the EPS but the margin is generally not terribly affected by it. We do have, as Eric mentioned, we have operational work that we are working on with our group in the operations. That should bring down the operating cost a little bit. And we're looking at continued cost controls around SG&A that will help. And then we believe that there's the ramp up in HVPs in the back half of the year that as we -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the HVP growth has a very large impact on that mix shift, has a very large impact on our margins. So we believe that that's the big story there. So returning to, hopefully, normal order patterns in Q4. Good cost controls as well as operational efficiencies,, and we believe we would get to approximately 100% -- 100 basis points.
Bill Federici: And yes, absolutely, we have seen this before in the first quarter of '14 and also in 2011 and quite frankly, before that in 2008 and '09 as well. It is -- yes, the underlying fundamentals of the business are that if the products don't go away, if they're not pulled from the marketplace, or if there is no leakage to other -- of market share, that we will continue to see those units when it's comes back. And a lot of what we're seeing today is driven by both the -- our operational excellence, where we've reduced lead times and also customer inventory management issues. So some of this is expected to happen. It does happen periodically, and we do believe that we will continue to grow. The marketplace's -- the marketplace demand for our higher value products driven by the need for a higher quality product, more purity and more -- cleaner product, what our customers call zero-defect mentality, is going to continue to drive the need for high-value products. And as we continue to believe, we've got very high market share in the Biologic space. We're not losing any business in -- been no fundamental change. So we believe that these order patterns will return more to normal. And then lastly, I think there's also, you've got to remember, we grew very, very high percentages of high-value products I mentioned both in the first half, in the first quarter -- the first two quarters of 2016 in high-value products. The growth rates were high-teens. So those are above the norm of where we would say high-value products should go, which is high singles to low doubles. So there is a return to, a reversion to more of the mean. And that's what we're seeing today. No lost business. No change in the fundamentals. We believe that the products are still there. The demand is there. It's just got to -- it'll come back in future quarters.
Bill Federici: Yes, and that's driven by this -- by the tax benefit from those option exercises. If you pull that out, the business is still strong in -- from a geographic mix perspective in the U.S. and in places like Germany, which have high tax rates. So if you strip that out, our tax rate, if you're thinking about tax rate without it, should be about 30.5%.
