Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize, on Slide 15, the solid financial performance and execution in Q1 continues to reaffirm we have a strong base business and are delivering unique value to our customers. While there may be instability in some small cash-dependent biotechs, these customers are not a substantial portion of our business. Our end markets remain stable, and there continues to be a promising pipeline of new drugs that could have meaningful launches and/or expansions over the next few years, which means more HVP sales opportunities for West. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing and delivering products in this complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And we're continuing to progress capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. With great pride, we realize this criticality of our products for health care across the globe, which is why our purpose to improve patient lives propels us each and every day. Norma, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Great. Thank you, Larry. We're seeing -- obviously, as COVID demand decreases, we've been able to -- through the reprioritization of the long lead items, we're able to bring them back in line what we expect for the market. And therefore, you're seeing us -- very strong growth in both the Pharma and the Generics market units, which is significantly higher than what you would see from a market volume-demand perspective. So that's where you see the benefit, specifically on Generics is really due to the long lead times that are being brought in. We did see a little bit better performance in our Contract Manufacturing. And as we've been making investments specifically in that area, very targeted investments, those are coming online, and we're starting to see the benefit, and that's the reason why we moved up the full year look. On the Biologics side, I have to be -- I'm very proud on how we continue to do very well in that area, not just on current drugs in the market, but also new drug launches and our participation rate is -- remains very high. And so we were excited to carry on that growth. But you're absolutely correct, the COVID reduction mutes that overall number. And that's why we're trying to be more transparent about the core itself. So we're very -- we're pleased across the board on the execution. And overall, it's a very strong start to the year.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it's -- you're right, we had some significant capital investments over the last couple of years. One was to fuel or build to support the vaccines during the pandemic. And fortunately, the team was very focused on helping our customers with these solutions around the higher end of high-value products. So this equipment is fungible. We're still leveraging that existing equipment for base business growth, particularly on the Biologics area. And we're continuing to add -- layer in more capital. The capital we are layering in right now is shifting a little bit away from what I would call the vial configuration to more prefilled syringes and, i.e., our plunger manufacturing capabilities, which are coming online this year and then in 2024. But that is based on demand that we have in our hands today and into the next couple of years. So we will continue to layer in capital when the growth profile remains as we're seeing today. But you're right, Larry, if there's opportunities to continue to leverage existing assets more effectively. That's the first thing we look at. How do we leverage what we currently have, create the efficiencies, higher automation before we start investing more, and that's a daily framework as we think about capital investment. So the long story short would be if we continue to invest as we are, it's because the growth of the business is greater than we anticipated.
Eric Green: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So in the capital, fortunately, we're in a good position when we're layering in the capital once we install and then validates revenues are coming off rather quickly. So you mentioned about Grand Rapids, Michigan is one of our contract manufacturing sites. When the lines are ready to go, we'll turn them on and to be able to meet the demand requirements. And that's very consistent across proprietary and also see them in today's environment. I would say if you look back historically, while we made the right investments, sometimes we would do greenfield, those are the ones that take longer period to get the demand to fill those plants. But the investments we're making today are really about more near-term demand requirements. In some cases, we're trying to catch up. On the GLP-1, there's -- it's an interesting dynamic that is occurring. As you can imagine, West, as we did with the vaccines in the pandemic, you can imagine that our participation in GLP-1 with multiple customers, multiple components both in the proprietary area, but also in the contract manufacturing from an injectable device perspective. So we are obviously participating in that area. We're seeing the demand. We don't call out specific drugs or customers and -- but we are investing, particularly around plungers and also in the Contract Manufacturing area about injectors -- auto-injectors. So you've seen that in both camps as we speak today.
Eric Green: Yes, Matt, I think before COVID, we were continuously building the capabilities to have better visibility with our customers in the markets around demand. And we have been building that, I would say, during the COVID period. It's been a little more volatile. But now we're back into that environment, have better visibility, better -- as we do make to order, our customers are giving us visibility of their demands over the next several quarters. And then we plan accordingly in our global operations to be able to support them on existing drugs but also new launches. In regards to any movements of stocking or working capital, we do see some of that in certain parts of the business. And we take that in consideration when we think about our forecast or guidance for the full year. There are certain areas, I would say, probably more on our non-HVP area that might have more volatility. On the high-value product area, that is going back to our capital investments, we need to continue to fuel that to try to get ahead of the curve versus trying to maintain where we are right now. So the demand is greater than we have capacity in as we speak. So it's just seen blend right now, Matt, and we have better visibility. But it's not consistent across the whole portfolio, but I think we're responding appropriately.
Eric Green: Well, Matt, a couple of points there. One is, you're right, the decommissioning of the plant, that's a plant that is a single product, single customer. And we're very pleased on how that is now -- that was a standard product. So it wasn't that in relation to high-value products. Right. It's a standard price is basically we've had this discussion for a long time. It doesn't fit our growth strategy. So therefore, we've made the decision with our customer and also another party to make sure that they can continue on producing those products for our customers but in someone else's hands. I think from an order book perspective, if you think about where our growth profile is really is around the Biologics, we obviously have high growth right now in Generics and Pharma. We'll continue to see that over the course of 2023. But really, as you think about the future longer term, it is around the biologics in multiple therapeutic categories, and it tends to be the higher end of our high-value products. The plunger, specifically, it's a range of different types of plungers within high-value products. So it ranges anywhere from FluroTec all the way up to NovaPure, depending on the customers' needs. So it is kind of a range. But our -- the optics of our order book continues to be strong, but this portion of that tends to be more around the high-value products and the higher end of that.
Eric Green: On the revenue side, when we talk about the proprietary outlook, it's relatively -- it's pretty consistent to the COVID guidance in February without COVID. So the -- all 3 units will be very strong throughout the full year and relatively consistent as far as performance in that area.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, I'm not going to give you a number, but we've said that we will achieve a 100-plus basis point margin expansion year-over-year for a number of years. And -- but as an organization, as a team, we're really focused on how can we continue to beat that. Looking at through automation, looking at the mix shift effect that's happening, really when you think about the Biologics, just reviewing the -- our participation in Biologics more recently continues to remain extremely strong. I'm very proud of that. And so we believe we're going to commit to the 100-plus basis points in operating margin, but we do believe there's opportunities to continue that and stay aggressive.
Eric Green: There's 2 areas. One area, specifically around our product portfolio, unlike what we've seen in other types of configurations like vial configuration, we can get multiple doses per vial. In this particular area is single dose, right? And so as prefilled syringes continue to grow, we're going to need to continue to invest in plungers. And that's what we're seeing, and that's where our areas of investments are going. And we'll continue to respond to our customers' forecasted demand. And again, it's more than just one customer, it's multiple customers. So that's one. It's around the conversations with our customers planning ahead, not on just existing solutions in the market, but future drug launches that they're planning, that's where our conversation is. If we're waiting to the commercialization of them, we were today and they're today. So that's one area. On the Contract Manufacturing side, a little different where, as you know, we've been very clear about this, that part of our business, unlike our proprietary business where if you're on the molecule, you're pretty much the main provider of those components. In the Contract Manufacturing, our customers tend to diversify with multiple companies to be able to produce those, i.e., auto injectors. So while that volume goes up, I wouldn't say it's 1 to 1 for us. It's clear in the proprietary side, but not as much on the Contract Manufacturing side. So hopefully, it gives you a little bit of kind of visibility and particularly around the GLP-1 specific area.
Eric Green: Well, I would say it's just a mixture of multiple -- a few different customers in a few different products. GLP would be one area, but not the only area of growth. So the investments that we've been layering in, specifically in contract manufacturing, have been coming on board end of last year into this year. And we'll continue to layer that in, if and when necessary, with our customers. So yes, there's a portion of it is due to GLP-1.
Eric Green: Yes. I think the same focus on the long-term construct to a [indiscernible] 7% to 9% organic sales growth. We're excited that, obviously, we do have a role to play with the GLP-1 as that evolves. I'm excited because as an organization, we can support our customers in multiple fronts, i.e., multiple different components in proprietary. That, to me, has a higher economic profile for us and then the Contract Manufacturing, while we play in both higher dependency on the proprietary side. But I would say that our growth, when we say the 7% to 9% organic growth outlook, it's not solely reliant on that category. We have numerous customers with different types of launches that are turning and uptake of current drugs in the market that we need to keep fueling. So it's a mixture of multiple drugs, multiple customers and multiple therapy classes. Yes, we participate in GLP-1, but I want to make sure that it's -- the growth of this business is very diversified.
Bernard Birkett: Just on the COVID, we did -- you kind of said that we did $88 million, I think, in Q1 2022, and that was about $23 million in this quarter. So the drop was pretty significant. But we have been really focused on increasing the level of efficiency through our plants, really understanding the cost base and as we were progressing through 2022, we're already lining up changes. We're starting to see the impact there. Also, the price that we've been able to get, which is above what we would normally see, more than 5%, that's also helping with that margin and to absorb some of the inflationary costs. So I would expect it to -- it is a good start for the year. There's obviously a lot of puts and takes, given what's going on within the macro environment, but we're confident to deliver within our guidance.
Bernard Birkett: Approximately 23%. And just on Larry's question, I just want to clarify one thing. The difference is on the COVID revenue between Q1 2023 and 2022 is $88 million. Just to clarify that the drop was $88 million.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, Jacob typically would the growth rate in contract manufacturing around mid-single digits within our longer-term construct. Last year, we had declines in the Contract Manufacturing business, and now we're seeing a bit of a rebound. So if I'm looking out past 2023, it will be kind of more the mid-single, high single-digit growth rate.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. On the operating margin, a little bit of it is around Contract Manufacturing. And then they're having less -- that COVID business coming through versus what we expected. So they are the primary drivers there.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. We haven't communicated that in the past. I think we -- what we have communicated is to say that a larger portion of our CapEx spend over the last number of years has been focused on growth, and that growth is really within high-value products. So the investment in CapEx is driving obviously both revenue improvement, but also delivering on that operating margin improvement, so it's encompassed in that.
