Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Quintin, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Starting on slide 5. I am pleased to report that we had an exceptional first quarter. This was driven by strong organic sales growth in both our base business and the accelerating demand for products associated with COVID-19. Our high-value products continue to fuel increased gross and operating margins. Together this has resulted in record EPS for the first quarter. The strength of our performance is demonstrated in our ability to execute the market-led strategy, leverage the power of our global manufacturing network and rally as a one West team to meet the increased market demand. I am proud of how our team members have focused on our priorities and emphasize the importance of our purpose and values during these times. Turning to slide 6. We have highlighted the key drivers of growth in Q1. We continue to see strong uptake of HVP components, including Westar, FluroTec, Envision and NovaPure offerings as well as Daikyo's Crystal Zenith.
Eric Green: Yeah. Juan you're absolutely correct when you state that there's -- we're in discussions with our customers as they look at the various forms of delivery. And there is a -- obviously we're involved with discussions about smaller units of doses per vial and/or moving towards the prefilled syringe, which in our business that would have an impact on the volume that we would produce and support our customers, hence the -- some of the investments that we're currently making. The second thing I'll -- and that will evolve Juan over the -- if you think about over the next several quarters is there's a lot -- there's still a lot of moving parts. I think secondarily to that we do have visibility of demand around the vaccines that's pushing into the 2022 time line. So we feel really good about where we are, but we know that we need to continue to see -- pivot if necessary as the number of doses per unit changes because it will require a slightly different product configuration.
Eric Green: Yes. Juan, within the vaccine distribution our pace is well in line. In fact, we are engaged with the companies that have vaccines in the market, but also the firms that are working on development of gaining the approvals to be into the market shortly and those are on a regular basis, so we can stage our demand whether it's weekly or monthly as we go forward. But, I'm pleased on the team's response and we're able to keep up with the demand where we sit today.
Eric Green: Yes. Paul, when we look at our order book, roughly one-third of it is COVID-related and it is extended into 2022. So obviously of what we're doing today, but the visibility we have is going into the following year.
Eric Green: Well, that's -- we are -- in certain areas, we're getting close to that capacity level. Obviously, as you know, we're running 24/7 multiple facilities, particularly around our high-value products. However, we're layering in various capital investments. The first wave is -- will be completed in the next number of months. And that is -- gives us significant lift around our HPP, and we have another wave coming in over the next six to 12 months. So, we're keeping up but it does require the installation, validation and moving to commercial production immediately with this new equipment we have online.
Eric Green: Well, that's an area of excitement. I mean obviously a lot of areas within our company. But in the biologics area, it's a combination of two things. One is the number of new molecular entities being approved and our participation rate continues to be very, very strong. And I'm pleased on how our teams are responding and supporting our customers, particularly in this time of -- during the pandemic. Also we're starting to see a -- the volume increase on a number of the biologics that have been recently introduced in the marketplace ramping up, and therefore, the volume component on existing molecules in the marketplace, we're seeing additional growth there. One last comment I'll add, just because we're seeing really good strong growth in biosimilars in our Asia Pacific region. So it's a combination of multiple aspects, Paul. And this is a very bright spot for us outside of the COVID conversation of our core base business.
Eric Green: Yes, the types of vaccines that are in the market right now do require that barrier coat which is -- which we and our partner Daikyo, are very well known for in the industry with the -- what we call the FluroTec, so fluoropolymer barrier. And that -- so that has become the standard in the industry. And therefore, we're seeing that adoption obviously with the types of vaccines that are in the marketplace and/or the ones that are being developed as we speak. In some cases, we're leveraging our NovaPure offering, because our customers want that assurance of the highest quality product in the marketplace. So those are the key drivers of that decision. It's around the science and the technology than anything else.
Eric Green: Yeah. I'll start Dave, if you don't mind. And then -- so first of all, thanks for the comments. It takes the entire organization value behind the ESG. But that's part of the DNA of West for many, many years. In regards to HVP, you're absolutely correct, majority of the incremental growth that we're experiencing here at West, particularly in the last quarters, but as we look forward is within the HVP portfolio. We tried to highlight that, we're excited and encouraged by the uptake of the higher end of that range. And as you know has a more attractive economic profile for West. And not to say, it has a phenomenal performance for our customers, from a value proposition. But we're seeing over -- about over two-thirds of our growth coming in the high-end of our HVP. And so if you can kind of think about -- do the math from there you get to that number you referenced of 30%. It's a very, very strong growth. In the walls of West, we don't really talk about the percentages in these two lines like, NovaPure. We talk about the number of units and how can you double or triple that portfolio, in a very short period of time. So, it's about as much context I can give on this. Bernard, if you have any...
Eric Green: I'm talking about -- that's a good point, Dave. So I'm talking about from FluroTec vision all the way…
Bernard Birkett: Thank you Eric, and good morning. Let's review the numbers in more detail. We'll first look at Q1 2021 revenues and profits where we saw continued strong sales and EPS growth led by strong revenue performance primarily in our biologics pharma and generic market units. I will take you through the margin growth we saw in the quarter as well as some balance sheet takeaways. And finally, we will provide an update to our 2021 guidance. First up Q1. Our financial results are summarized on slide 9 and the reconciliation of non-US GAAP measures are described in slides 17 to 20. We recorded net sales of $670.7 million, representing organic sales growth of 31.1%. COVID-related net revenues are estimated to have been approximately $102.9 million in the quarter. These net revenues include our assessment of components associated with vaccines, treatment and diagnosis of COVID-19 patients offset by lower sales to customers affected by lower volumes due to the pandemic.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So we called out in the prepared comments there was a one-timer in there approximately -- just close to about $12 million, which related to some cancellations that we had in there. And that was a one-time fee that we were able to recognize. So, that -- and that was primarily around COVID. So you got to back that out, when you're putting the run rate together. And I think that gets you pretty close to our guidance.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. I'd rather keep it the way, we've been reporting today, but you can produce that a lot of -- we're seeing a lot of strong growth in biologics. And biologics is primarily high-value growth product. And -- but we're also seeing this in generics and pharma, but not to the same extent, but primarily all of biologics is high-value product growth.
Bernard Birkett: Yeah. So going back to your last comment as well, if you look at where we're investing and where a lot of our CapEx -- the incremental CapEx is going. It's going to products like around FluroTec and NovaPure. So it is tracking to the higher end of high-value products and to support that. And that -- now you're starting to see that come through. And you can even see it in the margin expansion that we experienced here in Q1 with proprietary, I think over 40% gross margin, that's probably for the first time, that we've seen that, it helps a little bit by that one-timer. And that we called out on those COVID-related agreements that we had to account for. But you're getting north of 50% on the margins now. And it -- as we progress, based on the investments that we've made and the growth that we see that that should continue. This all feeds into the long-term construct that we've rolled out there. And that's why we continue to have confidence in that that, we are able to continuously expand gross margins and operating margins and all of this feeds in. So that has been part of the narrative for a long-time. And now, you're seeing it come to fruition on a continuous -- on a more sustainable basis, Stephanie, go ahead.
