Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. To summarize on slide 13, our execution in Q1 has positioned us well for the year ahead. We continue to have a strong base business despite the current macro environment in which we operate. We remain well-positioned with the right market-led strategy around execute, innovate and grow. We have a robust book of committed orders with momentum in 2022 and continuing into 2023. We continue to realize the benefits of our global operating model, and we're continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to meet current and anticipated future growth. With great pride, we realize the criticality of our products for health care across the globe, which is why our purpose to improve patient lives propels us each and every day. Didi, we're ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. Larry, there's two elements. You're right, on the Contract Manufacturing side of our business, which is a little bit less than 20%, we do have -- with our agreements with our customers, we are passing on inflationary costs for the most part, whether it's raw materials and et cetera. On the proprietary side, that's more of a recent phenomenon. There's two elements of that though. One is we've mentioned before that we are revisiting our pricing strategy, and we started executing upon that last year, building up for this year. So we're seeing the element of more long-term pricing strategy around value capture that is now coming into the equation. In addition to that, in the proprietary business, we have implemented surcharges as well. And that typically is really around transportation and increase in raw materials. So there's two levers that have occurred. But I just want to be very clear that there is an element that underlying base price increase strategy is now being rolled into the ongoing business. 
Eric Green: What we can share with you is that we are seeing the -- more of the forecasting looking later into 2022 of a shift from larger vial configuration to a smaller vial configuration. But that hasn't flown into our operations as we speak today, but that's more forecasted. We're working with our customers throughout the year.
Eric Green: Well, two ways to look at it. One is, if we think about for 2022, our confirmed order book for the balance of the year, as we mentioned earlier, it's a very -- it's much stronger than it was the same time period as last year. But if you split that out, the COVID ratio within that larger order book is relatively the same as -- is relatively steady as it was last year. Really, the expansion of that order book is really heavy around the HVP, and also due to -- over half of it is due to the success of various drug launches in our biologics space. So there are some COVID-19 customers that are adjusting their forecast, but overall, we're seeing a steady flow throughout the balance of the year. 
Eric Green: Yes. So when you look at it, Paul, it's less than 40%, and we're seeing the biologics become a larger piece of the -- obviously, it's the largest unit today but with the highest growth even ex COVID in the equation. And so when you think about our investments that we're currently making, a lot of the capital -- over 70% of the capital is really growth orientated, which I think historically was probably closer to the 50th percentage. And it's really focused around NovaPure and FluroTec, particularly plungers and stoppers. And what we're seeing is really a buildup -- as we talked earlier about, the capital that we're spending in the last couple of years really is -- was already built in our five-year plan, and we're just bringing it forward to support the COVID vaccines. But now what we're seeing is that the demand on the biologics continues to increase and accelerate. And I mentioned a little bit earlier, but just to reiterate, I mean, if I look at the details of the confirmed order book, over half of it is of drug molecules in market that we're seeing a ramp-up or acceleration of adoption. And so -- and it's not just one molecule, it's many. So we're seeing that pull effect of increasing volume out of West to support those -- the continuation of the drug in the supply chain. So we're very, very excited to see the focus around biologics, the high penetration of successes of new BLAs or NMEs. And our participation is -- remains very, very high, and this is the impact that we're seeing.
Eric Green: Well, the investments are more in the next couple of years. I mean it's a very long-term arrangement. We will have various launches over the next couple of years, starting this year, 2022, of new solutions to customers. But these investments will take place on the capital side over the next couple of years to increase capacity, particularly around prefilled syringe. 
Eric Green: No, I think it's pretty consistent. I think what we're seeing is, absolutely, when you do life cycle management, different vial configuration, there will be a change, and that was really more towards the back half of the year. But when we look at the growth orientation of where we are today and look at balance of 2022, the ex-COVID or the non-COVID-related growth will outpace the COVID growth. And as you recall, last year and the year before, it was really quick acceleration because of our response in the market. But it's more steady -- can't quite say steady state. It's more of a lower end but still growth overall for West. But the higher element of growth in proprietary is definitely going to come from, right now our view is, non-COVID related. 
Eric Green: Yes. If you think about the algorithm that we have with greater than 70% of our sales in proprietary is high-value products, the units -- number of units that we are producing for high-value products is roughly around 22%, 23%. And the way it works is about 100 basis point expansion on units is strong double-digit growth on high-value products. If you think about how biologics is becoming a larger portion of the portfolio, again, across many different customers, so it's not really concentrated on one customer or one drug, it's across the whole portfolio of the market, that will continuously drive higher revenues, higher profits with not a lot of increase on units per se, 100, 100-plus basis points. So, that's the equation, and we expect that to continue. It's the fastest growing subsegment within injectable medicine space. The pipeline is very robust. It was very encouraging to see the number of new approvals over the last 12, 18 months in this particular space, and our participation rate is as high as ever. So all this equates to -- and it translates into our confirmed order book for future launches. So this all translates into continued growth for the next five years of HVP for West.
Eric Green: I'll comment. I would say -- just based on the last couple of months of performance, I would say yes. I mean there's always challenges in this environment today. The couple of plants that Bernard is referring to, we were hit hard on the Omicron, and that did impact absorption. That also impacted productivity. But over the last couple of months, looking at the productivity levels, the output, we do believe we have a very good control around this and we're able to build flex to make sure that we're able to deliver going forward. But it was a short-term hit. 
Eric Green: Yes. So our operations was impacted in the sense that our Qingpu manufacturing facility is within the region of Shanghai and obviously, our offices, too. So we did have a site closure for a short period of time, and we're working through that now. As far as materiality for West, it's very low percentage for West coming out of that facility for the local market. But we're keeping an eye on it, making sure that we can pivot and potentially import where necessary versus having materials coming out of that specific site. We do expect to see a recovery in this quarter with the demand, but we need to stay tuned because that's kind of a dynamic environment right now. 
Eric Green: Yes. I'll take the last part first and say that we don't anticipate any impact if there's very variability around the COVID piece. Because if we look -- again, look at our -- the demand that we're getting with non-COVID related, particularly in the biologics space, which is -- overlaps 100% with the investments that we are putting in, the growth is actually -- is a little bit higher than we anticipated. So therefore, we're in a position we can absorb that. But to your first point, the initial launch that we communicated back in -- early on in the pandemic, let's just call it 2020, that investment is now finalized and in place and now through -- is producing commercial product this year. And it was kind of weaved in throughout 2021. So that's 100% installed. The second phase that we communicated really towards the early part of 2021, we're seeing that being layered in as we speak and might leak -- some parts of it, not all, a portion -- a small portion might go into 2023. But the focus of the remaining HVP is exactly what you stated. It's really focused around NovaPure and FluroTec capacity, and it is across multiple plants within our network. And again, it lines up very nicely with the growth in biologics, and it also does support pharma and generics but mostly biologics. And then growth in biologics in our order book is extremely strong as we speak today. So I'm pretty confident. Now we need to get that equipment in, installed, validated, and we've been doing a great job across the globe. We also need to add some resources to be able to run those -- the new equipment, and that is ongoing as we speak. So we're seeing a very good uptick in attracting new additional talent to our organization but also doing a good job of keeping in pace of the capital expansion.
Bernard Birkett: It's partly related to the cost and the lag in passing them on, so it's not always instantaneous in the quarter. When you see the pricing or the cost increases, then we work with our customers to layer that in over time, and that's what we have been doing. And the other thing that we called out, Larry, as well, we did see some lower levels of absorption in the -- probably the first half of the quarter based on labor supply in one of our -- two of our plants, and that was a short-term blip, and we've seen the absorption levels get back to normal or where we would expect them to be in the latter half of the quarter. But again, that does impact margin in the short-term. 
Bernard Birkett: I wouldn't think there's increasing problems retaining labor. It has been challenging, I think, for everybody, but we haven't seen any spike in that. So we have a number of initiatives with our HR teams to make sure we have the labor in the right places. So it wasn't really around retention problem. So that's -- long term, that's not a big issue for us. And then if you look at the implied guidance, we are forecasting operating margin expansion. And to do that, we have to be able to do gross margin expansion at the same time to feed into it. So we believe some of these short-term impacts we saw at the really early part of the year are kind of now behind us. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So on the gross margin, really, what I called out earlier in response to Larry's question, part of that was on the lower levels of absorption that we did see in the first half of the quarter. Again, that was more of a onetime event. And what we're actually seeing in operating margin, if you look at our business on a normalized basis, if you back off the one-time take-or-pay that we got in Q1 2021 and compare operating results excluding that, operating margin would have expanded by about 130 basis points. So that -- it had a 160 basis point impact on operating margin. So that -- so when we look out for the balance of the year, we are forecasting continued operating margin expansion. So that comp made it very, very difficult to expand the margin in that period. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So that's going to be a number of years before we see from a revenue and profitability perspective. That's not immediate. So it's going to take time to build that out. But in the interim, there are other configurations, as Eric said, that we're putting together, but they won't be overly material on our numbers in the short-term. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And that's implied in the guidance, that, that -- for that to happen. And we're confident that, that will take place. And as Eric has alluded, we're continuing to see very strong growth within biologics and that mix shift within our business, and that drives a lot of that margin improvement. And we're also picking up various levels of efficiencies throughout our operations. So we would expect to see margins continue to improve throughout the year. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So. the -- when we look at it, and it goes back to the point I made earlier about the absorption rates that we experienced in the first half of the year due to some of our labor constraints and that was primarily around Omicron, it impacted us in one or -- in a couple of different sites. Again, that was a short-term problem. That impacts our ability to produce in the short-term, so then that kind of leads into some impact on our revenues in the first quarter. So it's not that we're seeing a drop or a shift in our demand downwards. It's mainly what we could actually produce in the quarter and deliver to customers. So that was a little bit light. But as Eric said, our order book is still very, very strong. And we also had -- when we had spoken earlier on in the year, we were saying we were going to see more of our growth to come in the back half of the year versus the first, and that's still what we're seeing. So there's really no change.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. And again, that's implied in the guidance. So it will be greater than 100 basis points. And getting back to the point I made earlier, if you look at the fundamentals of the business, if you take that take-or-pay that we had in Q1 2021, if you back that out and then look at the comp on that basis, operating margin would have expanded about 130 basis points. So from a comp point of view, you had that level of challenge here in the first quarter. So when I look at that, it gives me confidence to be able to say yes, we are going to continue to expand that operating margin. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So we did see improvement as we moved through the quarter. And we're forecasting that to continue based on what's in place now. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes. It impacted it slightly, but it didn't really impact lead times overall. We were able to kind of get that product out to customers in the early part of this quarter. So there was -- we tried to minimize any customer impact. As we said, it happened earlier in the quarter, but there's no kind of long-term impact to that. It was a once-off, and it was something we've been able to deal with. And we've been able to continue supply to our customers. It did -- could impact revenues slightly but not overly material, I will put it that way. But there was some impact around that. 
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it is durable. It's productivity. And again, it is looking at what is the appropriate level for SG&A of our business. And that's something that we manage very, very tightly.
