Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. Before we close, I want to share some customer feedback. We recently wrote to the panel of global customers representing all our business segments and market units. We asked these customers to provide feedback on our performance and what makes for an ideal industry partner. They talked about the criticality of high-quality, security of supply and scientific excellence. And we're pleased that West rated highly in all those fronts. Importantly, they talked about wanting a partner who could help them differentiate their products to offer more value to patients. They want flexible dosing, wearable devices, connectivity, digitization and innovation. They’re also looking for suppliers that added samples of long drug development cycle and the need for speed and flexibility and how best to partner along the way. At West, we're proud of our long-standing partnership with the injectable drug industry that these customers represent. In fact, earlier this month, we celebrated our 95th year on business. And while we have celebrated that milestone, our focus is on what the next 95 years will bring, and how we can continue to grow our business into the future. As we look to the rest of 2018, our focus is on execution. We're working with our customers across all the markets to deliver products and services that meet their unique needs. Our global operations team is working to improve safety, quality and service for customers, while reducing our overall costs, and we’re anticipating the future and what our customers and their patients will need as we develop new products and new capabilities to service them. Our market led approach is resonating with our customers and we're confident we will continue to see future growth for the remainder of the year. Brian, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes. David, good morning. Thanks for the question. I will start with the Biologics area. As we commented on is that this particular part of the business we’re seeing some variability because of when customers are buying high-value products, starting their clinical phase for evaluation such as line trials or part of the delivery system, are being developed specific [indiscernible] events of anticipated approvals. So when the launches occur there is a buildup and then there's a -- there's somewhat at the way until a replenishment of the inventory, so we’re seeing a little bit of variability in the Biologics. Saying that, we are pretty confident when we start looking at the order book and future projects we are currently working on in Q2, Q3, and Q4. That gives us confidence that we're able to drive a organic performance of mid single to high single-digits for the full-year. In the Pharma sector, that particular market unit, if you strip out the headwind they had in Q1 specifically around Venezuela which not all of that, a good portion of the Venezuela operations was under Pharma. And as you know when that shutdown with minimal revenue coming back to West going into that market with those operations not working. So we sort of thinking about the Pharma uptick and the high-value products. We also see the administration system business over capacity constraint today will be additional capacity online starting this quarter. And we will be able to push that through to our customers who are pulling the demand today for us. So the Pharma we’re feeling much more comfortable that we were back to our typical growth rates. And we will look at the revenues, it's more stabilized each quarter versus the fluctuation. Just to finalize on the generics, the generics has come -- has came back as we anticipated, but actually a little bit stronger virtually, but the outlook is even greater. The reason why I would say little stronger than we anticipated, we didn’t anticipate India to come back as fast as it did in Q1. That was a very strong performance. In fact, all of Asia was well -- very, very strong growth across all of Asia Pacific for us. So we believe the generics base will continue to deliver as we’ve seen this quarter, but going forward. So if you bring that all together, that gives us little bit higher than that 6% to 8% quarter for Proprietary. So the full average for the full-year is 6% to 8%. I’m not going to say much for contract manufacturing, that's pretty much isolated, you can see it. But Dave, last comment, high-value products is the key driver of that growth. So we're -- as we look at into the next three quarters, we’re looking at growth rates of high single low double-digits with a high-value product portfolio.
Eric Green: Yes we do, Dave. That’s we’re looking at is -- if you look at through the pacing of the quarter, it’s building up towards that, but its back half of 2018. It's going to be much stronger than we had in the first half and its little bit of a comp issue too. We sort of thinking about the back half of last year.
Eric Green: Yes, that is a very good observation. That’s a good -- so when we think about the generics, you are right. A lot of the bottlenecks that occurred at year and half, two years ago was around our high-value product portfolio and conversion of generics customers to that part of our portfolio. And because of the fact that we weren't able to produce the lead times escalated significantly, I would say we have lapped that clearly. And in the generics space we're actually delivering, add new record cycle times that is faster than anybody in the industry today. So when you think about the Biologics you're absolutely correct when you said there is -- it's a little different than generics. It's still the high-value product portfolio, but there is a large component of that is build up for launches and then the drug acceptance into the marketplace. That’s what we’re seeing. I can assure you what we’ve learned with the generic customers versus our top customers where we put a -- supply chains together, we’re now mapping out demand curves required for the largest launches. It gives us better anticipation, not just in the Generics, but now in the Biologics space. So there's some of that confidence that we’re seeing in the Biologics, yes, the cycle times are much less. You don’t need to order as much in advance but the larger portion of that is really around drug launches, the cyclicality of that.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, those are good questions. Thank you. So the first one, talk about backlog. You’re absolutely correct. What you see -- what we see today is a different profile of the backlog and what I mean by that is historically we would have pretty much visibility, it's pretty even dispersed over the next three to four quarters. What we’re seeing now, even though its flat, higher proportion of that backlog number is more near-term. I.e., if I look at today with Q2 and Q3, and it goes to the fact that the cycle times are less -- customer is less prone to put orders in long-term. It doesn't mean that they’re looking at [indiscernible] of sources. We are on those molecules. We are the supplier of choice for their products that they launch. It's just we are able to perform in a much higher level than we had in the past. And that is due to lean initiatives, that’s due to capacity expansion that we have in place today that gives us that platform. So I’m confident we sort of thinking about what the backlog is more near-term than long-term. That’s the changing dynamics. The capacity conversation, you're right. Larry, we are in active conversations with our customers moving them from standard products to high-value products. And while some customers are taking a platform approach and we’re moving more of their molecules towards that. Some are looking at from one at a time. We are adding -- when you think about Waterford as an example, while we are -- we’ve the facility been validated by our customers where we think commercial ramp up, we are continuing to add new technologies like RU -- Westar RU in Waterford. We’ve a more complete solution to drive the quality. So that -- these are the initiatives that we’ve put in place to convert our customers from standard to high-value products.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry. I think you will find consistent growth around the generics. Pharma as I mentioned would be more consistent from a revenue perspective, but on a comp perspective you will see it accelerate as a percentage, because the comp is less than 2017 and Biologics we will see a continued acceleration throughout the year.
Eric Green: Yes. Dana, we are aware of our competition. We are continuously investing in certain parts of the business. What we are looking at again just putting into perspective the volumes that we produced today, lower $40 billion -- components a year. And to get a site up and running you’re seeing this with us on the Waterford when we started that project in 2014, right. And so here we are talking about customers just validated the lines and we’re starting to -- flip into commercial revenues for 2018. Our process is pretty consistent to other companies that would have to -- as the building and validation doesn't really change. Said that, we are aware that they’re building capacity. We are having active discussions to our customers that continue to move up the high-value product curve so that as you start thinking about differentiation it really is around the quality. It's around availability of the service which we believe that we just in the last 12 to 18 months as significantly raise the bar. So we're not complacent. We understand the situation, but we do believe that we will continue to be in a very favorable position because of those levers.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, we have -- right now we’re validating product with customers. They are actually -- we’ve sampled. We are working through the changes that will occur from manufacture in other locations to our Waterford facility on existing products, but also new products. There's obviously a validation process. In Q3, we're looking at revenues, commercial revenues and that will be the -- really the official -- launch and grow as we proceed throughout the quarters. We got -- I have to tell you I’ve been there a few times. The site is really, really well-positioned. Our customers are very complementary of what we've done not just to replicate current processes, but to really move them into the next generation. So I think that there's a lot of interest and we’ve a lot of visitors on-site for future business. So, Q3 and forward.
Eric Green: Yes, Paul, that’s -- we’re -- I’ve to tell you, one of the changes we made about a year and half ago is -- and we’ve always thought about our operations globally, but we really formalized the global operations and we have 28 manufacturing sites. And by formalizing the global approach we are able to allocate our resources, I would say probably more effectively on where we want to invest in centers of excellence and also we look at capacity, we built at Kinston, we have Waterford on the ground. We’ve expanded in Dublin. We have bricks-and-mortar. And so this year we're looking at below 150. We believe going forward we will be hovering around that corridor and as a percentage of sales we will continue to drop. Right now just to put into two dimension, right now we’re looking at about $50 million to $60 million of our CapEx is around maintenance. And if you want to maintain a high level of quality and productivity of our facility, that’s the investments we have to make. We are putting about [Indiscernible] into IT. It's a combination of some maintenance, but also future growth and the balance is really around new products, new innovations and new HVP portfolios that are coming into the market. That’s how you would look at the split.
Eric Green: Yes. Yes, so you’re right. Q1 was €1.23 per dollar, our dollar per euro for the first quarter. The rest of the year we've scheduled in at €1.20. Even though the spot rate today is €1.22, we took a conservative stance on the FX growth. So if you remember the paradigm it is a $0.01 change in the ratio for the full-year with yield about a penny of EPS. So our previous guidance had been at the -- at €1.20, we left it there for now. There is some benefit in the first quarter and we're being conservative by just saying that we will be at €1.20 for the rest the year. So in the second quarter using the €1.20 you should expect about 0.04 of EPS expansion versus the prior year.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, I would like to talk about a couple aspects of that, use of cash. Number one is as you know we want to continue to fuel the high-value product portfolio with internal organic investments. But in addition to that is continuously looking at potential bolt-on technologies or broaden the product portfolio. And I would argue in the last 2.5 years, my tenure here we’ve been not very inquisitive in that space. But I think we have a good position, a good line of sight where our customers are asking us to look at part of as broaden the portfolio and we will take that into consideration as we move forward. But we, obviously, are giving the dividends, we are doing share buyback this year. And the Board authorized about [indiscernible] shares really to keep the share count somewhat neutral for the balance of the year. But that’s generally how we look at use of cash today and we are looking at that on a regular basis. We don't see that static. The dynamics do change and there's more opportunities in lever or the other to make sure we balance between our customers and our shareholders, we will do that.
Bill Federici: Yes, Dana. Thank you. Yes, it will be more progressive as the year goes. It was as we said a very tough comp in the first quarter. As we go through the year with both high-value product expansion and the growth in sales expansion as we talked about, we believe that that margins will get better as the year progresses. So, yes, definitely back half ended and progressing as the year goes.
Bill Federici: So, Paul, it really impacts more cost. The under absorbed overhead was $3.6 million in the quarter. We will see a similar amount in the second quarter, but as you remember we discussed last year, we started depreciating the plant in the second quarter. So you will start to see that that under absorbed overhead as its comparable to last year. We will start to update and as we start to get from the commercial activities in Q3 and beyond, that number, the unabsorbed overhead will lessen as we go through the year.
Bill Federici: Yes. We do obviously believe that the lines will continue to grow from all things that Eric described earlier. We don't parse out volume and mix other than where we talked about high-value products was also down in the quarter. But as Eric commented, we believe for the full-year we will see high single to low double-digit growth of high-value products. So therefore as you can assume we’re going to continue to accelerate not only volume wise, but also mix wise. And remember our construct is only -- it's about 1% price, 2% to 3% market volume, and then the rest is mix. So while we didn't see a whole lot of growth in the first quarter, Eric mentioned we don't see any lost business and we’re going to continue to grow this business in the way that we believe that construct make sense for us. So more growth coming in the back half of the year obviously, but both volume mix and a little bit of price.
Bill Federici: Yes, just one extra thought on there. There's two components to the piece that impacted Q1. The one is the -- obviously the margin on the products sold. But then there's the under absorbed overhead that it leaves in its place when you take the product out. As part of the restructuring plan that we talked about, we’re going to be combining those two contract manufacturing facilities in the U.S into one and so -- and that will happen in latter part of 2018, the second half. And therefore you'll see that under absorbed overhead piece of that issue go away. So less of a drag in the back half of the year. But as Eric said the strong growth in healthcare is definitely a net positive for that business going forward.
Bill Federici: It is -- no, it's higher than -- a little higher than that Derik because we’ve €1.23 not $1.20. So in the first quarter …
Bill Federici: It doesn’t have anything to do with 2Q comp, but it is as you suggest, Derik, we’ve looked at the way that we record those sales by the market units and there needs to be tweaking from time-to-time based on customers order, things in the Biologics space, the Pharma space and the generics space, so it is difficult to parse it out between the various market units. We’ve gone through and we’ve periodically go through and look at it. These are very, very small changes, they're not significant. In fact, for the full-year its less than 1 percentage point. So we just want to be absolutely transparent, but really that was very, very small.
Bill Federici: Yes, it's just how -- not how we define them. So, if we have a customer that we sell both Bio, Pharma, and Generics, all three of them into which we do have customers that are that way, parsing it out between those three buckets is not a perfect science and we look at it periodically and make sure that we're getting it right. And again just to reiterate there is no change in the overall portfolio of proprietary products. None of these changes are outside of that. It's all within those three buckets.
