Eric Green: Thank you, Bern. To summarize, in Slide 16, the excellent financial performance reported today continues to reaffirm that our strategy is working. We have a strong base business proven by our market led approach was delivering unique value to our customers. Our global operations team is efficiently manufacturing the delivery products in its complex environment with a focus on service and quality. And we’re continuing to accelerate capital spending across our operations to the current and anticipated future growth. We realize that our products are critical for healthcare across the globe which is why we’re so dedicated to support patient health today and well into the future. So Wanda, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yes, thanks Derik. So, on the capacity, you’re right. And when we think about where we’re adding the capacity, it is really around HVP products prior to at NovaPure plungers and stoppers. And if you think about the two areas of high growth that we’re experiencing and we anticipate continued growth around the vaccines, but also in our biologics portfolio which would and is consuming the additional capacity that we’re putting in place as we speak today. So, we have plans that we’ve create investments in 2020 and that has been put in place and being ready for production as we speak. And we have additional capacity coming on throughout this year as in into early next year. So, it’s a combination of both, Derik.
Eric Green: No. we will be able to utilize the existing equipment and future equipment we’re installing right now because the approach we took on bringing customers towards the highest part of our growth in the portfolio so we can absorb that as we go into 2023 and 2024 if trajectory is changed around vaccinations. 
Eric Green: Well Larry, so what we’re seeing right now is that you’re right, we were initially providing solutions around the vials. And they were multiple doses per vial and we’re seeing this transition in lifecycle management as we speak. And starting in 2022, it’s the less doses per vial. So, it’s a different type of solution that we provide some more economics from a unit basis but it’s more of a transition less doses per vial which is a net positive for West. And the transition will take place, it is not perfectly in the calendar year but it’s been 2022 going into 2023. The next stage after that and that’s where Bernard was talking about some of the capital. It’s still pointing towards back scenes as more towards prefilled syringes and so that is a scenario where we’re so investing because that’s more of a one or two year our type of the start of a transition for our customers. So, I hope they kind of get you this kind of landscape and helping to evolve for the next several years to the lifecycle.
Eric Green: That John, we are looking at a once we get through this bullets that we’re currently managing through, we do want to get back to these 6% to 7% of sales and revenues. We do believe that is appropriate for that type of business, particularly we think about above 30% of our CapEx is around maintenance let’s call it 10% 15% around our digital and then balance of this is on growth. So, we do believe that construct -- last year this year is really around the growth sector. And making sure that we have installed capacity. I will tell you when I’m also very pleased in how the team has right sized facility network. As you know years ago, we had 29, we are at 25, and we’re able to leverage those facilities more efficiently. So, the capital we’re putting in is more around equipment and processes versus land and buildings. So, either teams done a very well very good job in that regard. And we’re able to leverage and we’re well-positioned for the future.
Eric Green: So, it was two dynamics were happening. One is, I’ll take the latter one first because I think you’re right. What we’re seeing is well the number has increased. We don’t specifically spelt the number but its increase what we’re seeing it’s we have better visibility beyond the four or five quarters. So, it’s for almost a two year horizon now. And one of the levers that will work with customers on is working with the supply chains working together to get that visibility so we can level load our operations more efficiently and be more effective and supports our customers. And at the other area, when you think about what if you kind of break it out of the increase, it really comes down to three buckets really. One is increase on the demand on around vaccines, another increase which I’m very pleased about is quite different than it was let’s say three or four years ago particularly in biologics. Is really a success of various drug launches for our clients or customers, I won’t get into specifics and that’s not just one but it’s many. And then the third driver really is what I call the core growth in that is encompassing biologic results encompassing what we call pharma are small molecules and also generics. So, bottom line is all areas are growing nicely as for the more -- we waited for biologics, was a lot of drug successes we’re seeing. And but again if you look at our CapEx profile, what we’re putting into our facilities today it’s the higher end of the HVP switch squarely goes after the biologic space.
Eric Green: Hi, Jacob. So, it’s actually all of the above. So, what we’re seeing as our participation rate is in biologics, we continue to be well north of 90%. And actually, I’m very pleased on our performance in 2021 particularly when you look at in particular VLA was approved that then really use our types of products, it was more in different configuration. So, we look at that as an opportunity. And in the small molecule area, and we see about ANDAs were equal or slightly better and we were pre-COVID. And I would argue that pre-COVID if you look in step couple of years before that or even stronger than that. So, it as you’ve seen a gradual improvement as we go forward. I’m really excited about this partnership and where we’re talking HVP to the next level because that again reinforces our leadership position and really bring in new technologies to the market that really de-risks our customer’s process in entering the market.
Eric Green: It helps us. Any time there is higher level quality requirements and our regulatory changes our direction that they would like to go. That puts us in a varied position, also our partner Daikyo in a very good position because we do have solutions that can rebuild standards and it could be adoption of existing molecules in the market but also the new pipeline. But to your point, the biggest catalyst of this relationship we built with Corning is all around regulatory changes towards combination devices and our systems versus individual components. So, it is very good for West as these regulatory changes become more stringent as we go forward.
Eric Green: Yes, absolutely. Paul, so there is a push towards pre-filled syringes in multiple dimensions, right, if think about the biologics space and also you think about the vaccines themselves for easier distribution administering patients is and et cetera. So, there is a push towards technology that supports advancements of pre-filled syringes. And I think again that’s the reason why we have a really good offer now between Crystal Zenith is an alternative for glass but also with working partnering with Corning. It does eliminate at the end of the day like you say it limits risk from going away from the vial.
Eric Green: Yes. It’s a combination of two things. Let me try to frame that because it’s been so good point you’re raising. One point is once these equipment lands in our facility and we’re able to validate, we’re talking matter of weeks before we have an equipment up and running. And frankly, based on a digital connectivity to all our equipment across the globe, you will see that utilization go shoot up right up to the 80+% of range. But the point that will be conscious of is that when we talked about investments in 2020, is I think it’s two phases we spoke of, I would say a little over to three forces of over 75% of those already in place in producing finished product. And the rest of that delta is can be completed early on in 2022. The other investments we initiated in 2021 called Phase 3 and Phase 4, I would say today where we stand is about 15% complete or 20% installed and producing finished product And the balance of that is planned to be completed throughout 2022 and the early 2023. So, based on our commitments what we made and our customers future demand, that’s kind of the cadence we’re seeing with these investments and how long does it take for the equipment to be built to be delivered and then installed. And that could take anywhere between a few months to two or three quarters depending on the equipment.
Eric Green: It’s a combination. And we’re seeing the very strong demand across all of the market units and you can see that’s reflected in the guidance how we get in for 2022 around our proprietary business. Now that we’re guiding in their mid-teens and so, it is a combination of different drivers that just doesn’t hang on one thing.
Eric Green: Hi, Dave. So, there’s first of all we have a history of a really strong partnership with Daikyo. So, as we enter into this relationship with Corning, we’re very confident we can create a similar model. You’re right, the reason why we engage in those conversations is when we speak with our customers, the challenges they face usually try to find the right called the containment solution for the products. And what they find is it’s highly fragmented and is our patchwork environment of multiple suppliers. So, when we really think about it and you look at the elastomers and glass, there is several Drug Master Files solutions that need to be supplied with that particular drug molecule. And the release maybe after that has been able to develop a truly integrated system from ground up. So, when we looked at to think about ourselves and Daikyo, we do believe we put ourselves as the leading innovators around elastomers and primary packaging. And when you think about unparalleled glass science and the deep material science capability at Corning which is well known in multiple industries but in our industry in pharma. And they also have deep manufacturing and engineering capabilities which is truly unique. That’s why as we sat down and talked about the partnership, the focus is really to redefine the future of containment solutions and then really create naturally integrated system. That de-risks what I’ve said earlier about our customer’s drug development and manufacturing processes with a single product one DMF and end-to-end support for our customers by West. So, that’s the premise why we have embarked on this relationship. And this is utilizing glass technology between borosilicate which has been in the industry for decades. And the newly developed aluminosilicate that Corning has developed really to provide a range of quality benefits. So, what I’m trying to articulate is the leveraging that partnership with them truly enables us to get to the best in quality first in class system in the industry between the two firms. And leveraging obviously we see two firms, Daikyo and West together from the elastomer side. So, hopefully that gives you the kind of an appreciation of what we’re embarking on now. As you know, if you think about the NovaPure journey that we were on and other new launches we had here at West, our lands on the biologic pipeline is very good. And so, that’s the area that we’ll focus on and as we characterize and truly get to that system approach we are between the two firms we need to add additional capital, manufacturing capabilities, full both see the documentation and driven by data, scientific data for our customers, we do believe it’s going to take a little bit of a time and that should probably get to that point. So, just like NovaPure took a few years to get penetration and now you’re seeing the benefits, we see similar type of characteristics with a system approach. We’ll start with -- will have vials, we’ll have pre-filled syringes, and we’ll have cartridges at the end of the day.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. and this is something that we you know in communicating throughout 2020 and 2021, as we layer in this extra capacity, it’s not truly for COVID, it’s for both core and COVID and even if there was a slight lag, it would be for a very short time based on the order book and the forecast that we have. So, we’re relatively confident that we can use that capacity and pretty quickly as soon as it comes on board.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. So, a couple of things there. So, on the CapEx, some of that CapEx is still around COVID and a lot of which you write it around also supporting the base business and is particularly targeted as a high value product area. So, what we would say getting close to 70% of our CapEx is growth based at this point. And on Corning, yes we are making some investments around that. We expect that to be around $50 million CapEx in the year. We’ll go and laying our R&D, we will have a step-up in R&D also around Corning. And again, that’s all baked into the forecast.
Bernard Birkett: Yes. We have the opportunity based on some of the contracts and agreements are in place to increase some of those price increases to cover some of these inflationary pressures. And so that that’s within our wheelhouse to do that. And that is something that we have been doing towards backend of 2021 and we would I’m going to see that here again in 2022.
Bernard Birkett: It’s also the opportunity for us to and apply surcharges and certain instances where we see some specific inflationary pressure.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, just on that, John. In previous year as it because we looked at the split of capital maintenance was 40% to 50% of the CapEx budgets. And so then obviously the remainder was on growth and IT. And now you’re seeing the growth portion close to 70% and the thing with that as well as Eric just said, as soon as that CapEx hits our facility, it’s straight into operations, we’re getting the return on a much quicker and some of the CapEx investments we would have made a number of years ago just given the nature of them. And so, it’s responding to demand, since you’re responding as fast as we can and with this no increase capital allocation over the 2020, 2021, and into 2022. It should normalize and be on that.
Bernard Birkett: It ties in with the discussion we had on CapEx. So, you can see where we’re investing a lot of our capital around high value products and that is now the primarily primary growth driver in then the business and then specifically within biologics. But you could also see in what we’ve seen here in 2021 that we’re seeing HVP uptake in the other market units as well in generics and pharma. So, that’s now starting to permeate the rest of the business which is a positive info as well. So, when we then look at contract manufacturing and the growth there is probably mid-single digits and maybe at the lower end of our construct. And that’s what we’ve seen particularly over the last year and probably the back half of 2020. And so, from a mix perspective, it’s we get a much was a much better return on those investments we’re making, so that that way we can try off from it.
