William Federici: The 2013 expenses, obviously we own the building now so we will be having depreciation as opposed to rent that we had in the past with our old building. We actually expect that the net expense – that is, the difference between our cost and the depreciation – will be less than our lease costs. There are some costs associated with moving into the building that will be hit in the first quarter, but those should be relatively minor to the lease cost versus the deprecation.  So overall net, we expect a net benefit from the headquarter addition. 
William Federici: That is the right way to think of it. Again, there will be some of those costs, moving costs moving into the first quarter as we exit the existing building and we finish the actual move itself, which we did in January, some of the costs associated with that. But yes.
William Federici: Not similar-type level, less than that – much less than that. Less than a million dollars and all would be incurred in quarter one.
William Federici: Depreciation and amortization in 2013 will go up. If you think about the low to mid-70s that we had in depreciation in 2012, you can add rough numbers about $5 million to that, and that should cover the increased depreciation.
William Federici: Actual CAPEX cash was 131. If you add back the 20 million which was the increase in the accrual primarily related to the headquarters cost, you get to the 151 million that I disclosed to you.
William Federici: The 20 to 25 million increase, Arnie, includes the Airis (ph) safety system, B.safe, and some of the other proprietary products in that space.
William Federici: As we said, it’s Airis, the safety system, as well as B.safe which is another safety device that we have.
William Federici: IT, a significant amount was associated with the new building, getting the infrastructure in place IT-wise to accept the new building, which will obviously come down a little bit. But we were also spending money on, for instance, systems and upgrades in the HR area overseas which will continue, so that IT number is not a bad number to use on a go-forward basis.
William Federici: It’s a little bit of both. There were some one-times in there, but there are some—for instance, in association with how we’re looking at our global supply chain, we have some consultants helping us work through that issue, and that was about half a million dollars in the quarter, and that’s not a bad idea to think of that on a quarterly basis going forward. 
William Federici: I think, Arnie, just one other comment. I absolutely agree with Don, but remember that we’re not talking about large volume growth in terms of expectation. A lot of this, where the growth is going to come from is in this mix shift, so you have a little bit of price this year, a good deal of mix shift towards the high value and proprietary products, and then a little bit of volume.
Arnie Ursaner – CJS Securities: Okay. And again, I just want to go back to the headquarters. I think you said you accrued all of the expenses, all of capital items in ’12 but they were paid in ’13.
Arnie Ursaner – CJS Securities: Perfect. CZ total last year did about 9 million. I think you indicated it could jump to 20 to 25 million. Can you go through the factors—
Arnie Ursaner – CJS Securities: Okay. Before I jump back in queue, if you could broadly speak—I know you have a slide that talks about factors that could impact 2013, but maybe you could just expand a little on in your mind the factors that would impact the high or low end of the guidance range that you’ve provided.
Arnie Ursaner – CJS Securities: Are you reaching a point where on the lower—I mean, within your pharmaceutical area, you have quite different margins in packaging between the high and low end. Are you reaching a point where you’re telling certain customers at the low end that we just don’t have the capacity to meet your need and getting different pricing if they want to continue to get it from you? I mean, you can’t do everything for every customer.
Donald Morel: Yeah, I think the high end of the guidance range is going to be impacted by a couple customers bringing new facilities online in China. I think clearly part of the backlog build has been a result of their preordering into their European facilities in preparation for getting the China facilities operational. On the low side, I think what you may see in the latter part of the year – and again, we’ve got pretty good visibility in the first half, not as good into the second half – as we get into Q3 and late Q4, you may see some customers pull back on inventory builds that happened during 2012 to get their inventories back to more normalized levels after ’09, ’10 and ’11. 
Donald Morel: Well, there’s a couple parts to the answer, Dave. Number one, clearly some of the inventory builds we’re seeing relate to these new plants coming online in China. A couple of them are fairly substantial, so we’ve seen, we think, a pretty good part of the additional backlog growth be due to those customers getting prepared to launch production in those new plants, and that would be a combination of samples for validation and line runs, as well as commercial production. The second part of this is that we have several customers that are looking at tender business for clients in the Middle East and Africa and in the Far East. For those tenders, they’ve put orders in ahead of the actual awarding of the contracts, but they have to build inventory to be ready to deliver against those.  We’ve also had a modest part of the backlog be due to discontinuation of a raw material in part of our process in Germany where customers have had to order some extra samples to be able to run validation runs with the components processed with this new material in advance of getting approval to run full commercial production with it. So you’ve got really three parts to the equation there. How long will it continue? We always see customers change inventory strategies as they get to the latter part of the year. What we are trying to do where we have substantial backlogs built up and lead times that have extended beyond what we consider to be acceptable is simply sit down with the customers, understand their current inventory situation, what they consider to be their desired level of safety stock and ordinary inventory, and then match that against the additional demand and our capacity and availability to deliver. So it’s an exercise where we’re going to stay close to those customers that are experiencing lengthening lead times so that we can plan our production accordingly and meet expected deliver times.
Donald Morel: Not that we can say. When I think back to the approvals for last year, they were up a little bit from the prior year. The balance between injectables and orals hadn’t changed a whole lot. There are a range of new injectables over the next two to three years that we expect to see come to the market that we know are in Phase III trials, but they wouldn’t be building inventory for those right now.  The only other thing that might impact that, and I honestly—I’d have to go back and check it, would be expanded approvals for indications above current indications for certain drugs, which often happens.
Donald Morel: A backlog is firm, committed orders, so we do not include any sales in that backlog number unless we have a firm PO for it. So it doesn’t represent risk in that sense; however, as a bolus order, it’s one that may not reappear in 2014 if you have a multi-year tender offered.
Donald Morel: Yeah, nothing is changed from our call commentary at the end of the third quarter in terms of timing. Right now, we’re watching closely as best we can when customers will and in fact reveal to us when they have something up on formal stability. Many of them are being very tight-lipped about that, which is understandable. The variable, of course, is that there may be a molecule in the queue that’s on formal stability that has a shelf life of nine or 12 months and doesn’t require the full two years, versus typical drugs that require the two years. Unfortunately because of confidentiality, we can’t talk in depth about those. But nothing has changed in terms of our expectations for what we know now. Assuming a two-year formal stability period, we think the ramp-up occurs toward the fourth quarter of 2015 or early ’16.
Donald Morel: Yeah, I mean as we’ve talked about before, it’s going to be lumpy and those samples fundamentally are for line trials, for stability trials, and in many circumstances even for pre-formal stability testing in the laboratories. 
Donald Morel: No idea. Unfortunately we don’t have very good visibility into what’s up on formal stability currently. What we do know in talking with our customers is that the gamut of drugs being tested runs from products that are currently on the market all the way through new drugs that are in early testing that are incompatible with glass. So we will have to wait and see on that question.
Donald Morel: I think we’re going to watch how the market develops, Arnie. What we’re starting out with, of course, if the metal overseals which are less regulated than the rubber products. But with the capacity that we’ve got in Singapore for the value-add products, we will have the capability to supply out of there as we see how the market evolves in India. My guess is because we’re phasing in the construction of that plant as we begin to put in the rubber equipment, that we will quickly follow on with Westar washing and some of the other technologies to meet market demand there.
Donald Morel: Yeah, normally when we’re reimbursed for tooling, it is a customer-specific program and it’s a tool unique to their design. I honestly don’t know what that number is, but it’s a small one. It’s probably on the order of $1 million or so.
Donald Morel: Yeah, it was actually Stelmi that was sold to Aptar. As far as we can tell, there hasn’t been a substantive change in terms of share, so we think the competitors are most likely growing a little bit less than we are in terms of dollar value. It’s difficult to say in terms of units. For us, when we look at our capacity demands and we make our capital plans, as you know, Arnie, we typically try to plan two to three years in advance based on not only looking back at how demand has evolved but talking with our customers and making our best projection going forward. It’s likely that when you look at our CAPEX going forward, outside of the maintenance CAPEX which runs probably about 60 to 65 a year, the bulk of the remaining is going into not only new products for delivery but for capacity in Envision, in NovaPure and in Westar. So it will go into the addition of washing and finishing lines, FluroTec molding capacity, and then the vision systems. But that is one of the hardest things we have to deal with, is trying to get that timing right.
Donald Morel: No, but historically the way our plants have been aligned, we cannot easily shift capacity from pharmaceutical to med device, so the med device and the lower margin customers are done in venues where we think we’ve got a favorable cost structure, and we focus only on those products in that venue. When we look at the higher value-added products that are going to pharma, those are concentrated in Singapore and Le Nouvion in France, and Eschweiler, Jersey Shore here in the United States.  The one plant where we are changing to accommodate capacity is in Kinston where the changeover from med device to pharmaceutical is taking place; and in fact, a large part of our CAPEX for the next year or two on this side will go into Kinston so that we have a second high value product pharma facility in the U.S.
Donald Morel: Thank you very much for your time today everyone, and we look forward to talking with you in late April when we present our first quarter results. Thank you.
