Eric Green: Thank you, Bernard. Our work in 2018 has positioned us well to grow organic sales and expand operating margins to increase free cash flow, all in line with our long-term financial construct. Our diverse portfolio of high-value products and services is on track for continued growth, and will be fueled by new products in line extensions. We are making significant progress in our global operations to deliver improved efficiencies, while deploying cutting-edge manufacturing strategies to advance our already strong position in service and quality. We are confident in our strategy for continued growth across the geographies and markets we serve, for both the short and long-term and look forward to the coming year. Jimmy, we’re ready to take questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: Yeah, Paul, thank you for the questions. This is Eric. When we look at the business in 2018, our confidence of stronger growth than we’ve experienced in 2018, our core business, particularly in the proprietary products is really driven by the growth that we’re starting to see in the biologics that we anticipated. So if we recall in 2018 biologics is relatively flat with due to some restocking and some replenishment of earlier launches. As we look into 2019, we believe in the biologics business units can return to what we consider as typical growth for West, which is in the high single digit range. And that really – that unit really drives the high value products. In addition to that, when we look at the generics business, we did fairly well in 2018. However, we’re starting to see additional growth with the launch of new products like AccelTRA and the new interest around self-injection devices in that area, which has now been commercialized. So those are the key drivers. It gives us the confidence and the growth that we were going to be returning to that higher growth in the proprietary area.
Eric Green: Yeah. Paul, the driver of operating margin expansion is coming with a twofold. One is as we grow the high value products, high single, low double digits, that does give us some margin expansion naturally with the shift. And then the balance of that really is coming from our global operations. We’ve demonstrated that we’re gaining traction and particularly in the proprietary area of margin expansion and we’re confident that we were getting our hands around the contract manufacturing area as we scaled up last year with a lot of – with new installed equipment that we should be able to get further margin expansion in that area in 2019. So it’s a combination of both, Paul, as we kind of move forward throughout 2019.
Eric Green: Yeah, thanks, Paul. I think just to be clear, when we look at the events that occurred in late 2018, we had a couple of reports from healthcare professionals, really the effect of a particular drug in the marketplace was oxytocin, which is variable and predictable when used with the Vial2Bag DC 13 millimeter device. When you look at the Vial2Bag portfolio, this particular device is a small percentage of that entire portfolio. We took a very – while there’s not been a causal relationship determined between these events and the device, we’ve taken the approach to ensure patient safety by pulling the entire portfolio at the market, while we do the analysis and work with the regulatory bodies to bring the product back onto the market at the appropriate time and we’re doing everything we can to bring it back as soon as possible. We still believe in the product. Our customers are very keen to get the product back into the hospital sector because it’s very supportive of what they’re trying to get accomplished. So that’s where we are, Paul, at this point in time. We’re doing everything possible to ensure we’ve done the root cause analysis, make sure everything is analyzed and gives us confidence we can go back to the market safely.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, this is Eric. It’s a good question. I know that a year ago or so we guided around $150 million to $175 million. I think prior years we’re roughly around that area. And we think about the team we put together has truly globalized the operations about year and a half, two years ago. One of the remits was to start thinking about how do we utilize our assets more effectively instead of running each site independently. And therefore, what we have done is we have able to be identify where we put the next dollar of assets into which locations it really optimize the global network. So we guided this year at $120 million, $130 million. That’s still includes incorporates about $40 million, $45 million a year for maintenance, which we need to do with all the process and equipments we have around the world. We do have about $10 million to $15 million to $20 million depending on the year around our IT infrastructure to continuously enhance that and improve our operating systems. And then, the balance of that has growth initiatives. And I can assure you that the growth initiatives are still quite prevalent in our conversations, but how we allocate, where that goes, we’re starting to leverage existing assets instead of building new facilities. That’s probably the biggest difference. So guiding at $120 million to $130 million, we’re very confident in that corridor and that’s what several new growth initiatives that we have in the pipeline in 2019 and also in 2020.
Eric Green: That’s correct, Larry. And just to reiterate, the key driver of high-value products is really around the Biologics, heavy around the Generics with this whole new launch around AccelTRA product line. And also in the Pharma, but I would say mostly in the Biologics and Generics. And as we think about what 2018 and beyond back to the typical growth rates, it is a high-single-digit area. So that would be the key driver of the core thrust of high-value product growth for West.
Eric Green: Yes. We have officially as of last month, one of the sites that we were consolidate into another location has been officially completed. So now that ongoing benefit and that’s really in our contract manufacturing business that will be a slight benefit going forward in 2019. We are very close to finalize a larger consolidation between two plants there, literally 7, 8 miles apart from each other in Florida. And that will be completed roughly mid to – I’m sorry, Q3, which gives us a little bit of benefit but most of the benefits in 2020. So we’ll see some of that benefit you were referring to in 2019 but more majority has starts in the latter half, the majority of it starts in 2020.
Eric Green: Dana, thanks for the question and good morning. What we’re seeing with biologics, to answer your first question about visibility. I would say the team’s done a really good job over the last two quarters to re-look at on how to understand the drug uptake in the marketplace because that is what’s creating the largest volatility and working with our customers. So a lot of work has been done. There’s still more work that needs to be done, but there’s a higher degree of confidence in the biologics business, as we started thinking about the demand. One of the areas we look at also while the numbers have changed because of our global operations cycle times have changed drastically, lose their backlog and the orders that come in for biologics. And we have a good – really good visibility in the near-term, i.e., two to three quarters. And that gives us really good confidence that our predictions through our analysis is coming through at this point of time. So I would say the headwinds we had last year that was spoke of are behind us. There will always be some volatility between quarter-to-quarter, but it’s not – we don’t believe the drastic swings that we’ve seen in the past. And if we are going to see that, we’ll be very transparent. But on an annual basis, we do see this business back to what we expected as a high single driver in the marketplace.
Eric Green: Yes, Dana. What we’re looking at is – I’m sorry, Derik. What we’re looking at is we need to understand what the few cases that were presented in regards to a particular drug molecule is being used with the Vial2Bag DC 13 millimeter. Again, that’s a small piece of all about the bag. And we took the approach to ensure – pull the entire portfolio off the line, precaution for patient’s safety. And so right now, what we are undertaking is root cause analysis and collecting and analyzing data to determine the root cause of this variability on this particular molecule. And once we have that appreciation, then we are able to assess, if there’s any implication on any other molecule and/or the 20 millimeter, which is majority of the volume that we produced and been selling into the marketplace. So we were well into this. We put our best and brightest people on this in our labs, our regulatory group, our quality group, engineering group, and we’re working this on a daily basis with the regulatory’s, the FDA and other foreign regulatory bodies. So we haven’t articulated exactly when this will come back because we need to understand the data first, and then we’ll be in a better position to make that comment.
Eric Green: Yes, Derik, that’s a very question because we do take that in consideration as we started looking at the forecasts, particularly around the generics business. It tends to be the area, where there has been more 483s particularly in India in the past three or four years. And but from our vantage points, as you know, we work with majority, if not all the companies in the space. Our advantage is that there isn’t – it’s not on the rise as much as it was a couple of years ago. So we do have visibility. One of the benefits that we do have is, if there was an issue of one particular firm, it doesn’t happen immediately, but over a period of time, i.e., a few quarters later, we’re working with another firm to help get the molecule on the market and then into the hands of patients. But I will – I think, Derik, what you raised those are very important comment, is that, there is a heightened awareness in the need for quality and global availability. And that’s why – I believe – that’s why, we are getting a lot of these phone calls to help solve some of these problems. And it actually underscores, why the team has come up to the AccelTRA portfolio because it addresses these needs exactly to the team. So that’s what we see right now. We don’t think it’s on a raise, but we do see when it happens at one location, we usually work with another firm to get it back online.
Bernard Birkett: Well, when we look at our guidance, the range is pretty wide, so it covers a number of different eventualities. So, we got to be careful on the timing. We just have to make sure we do our work and we work with the regulatory authorities to make sure that you get it back as fast as possible, but our guidance reflects that.
Bernard Birkett: But even with that, we were still guiding to 6% to 8%. And the other thing, just to be careful that I think you mentioned there that it’s about $11 million a quarter. And the annual revenue for 2018, the total revenue was $24 million for the year.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, that’s a seasonal number. So that’s the level of returns we saw. So there would have been inventory in the field and with our distributors.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it’s not built into the guidance. We will wait until it’s obviously closed and completed before we would do that. But we believe for 2019, it will be relatively immaterial. And then as we develop that business out through 2019, it will have more of an impact in 2020.
Bernard Birkett: Yes, it’s could be. We’re not obviously – we said, we’re not going to guide it, because it’s out of our control. I think what we’ve seen in the last number of years, it was higher given the level of retirement that had taken place and options that were exercised. We would expect that to normalize. So for the – just to keep everything clean and transparent, it’s easier for us to guide without that, because we don’t have control over the number. For the fourth quarter, it was about $1 million.
