Don Morel: I think it’s a combination of things as I outlined in my remarks; first of which is that in the third quarter as you know, we get our historic seasonality. Europe shuts down. We do a PM&A in the plants. So that certainly is part of it. We’ve got the factors that of many of our med device customers actually end their fiscal year on September 30. So they are pulling back on some of their orders based on what they are seeing in the marketplace. And then we have the issue at the beginning of the year where we have these two or three one of items and we weren’t certain how those patterns would unfold when that business started to come back. So as I said, we’re very optimistic about the full year. We will deliver a good year. But those things combined give us a little bit less visibility and backlog than we would ordinarily have.  The other issue of course is that we brought additional capacity online whereas last year in the third quarter, when we saw this tremendous demand on the HVP side because our customers were under the impression that we had constrained capacity, we don’t have that issue and lead times for those products shot in some cases to 20 to 24 weeks down into our more traditional 12 to 14 weeks. So they're getting more comfortable placing orders in that timeframe as opposed to the longer lead times. So overall, no real change from what we’ve seen historically but those things that have tribute to a little less visibility than we would ordinarily have. 
Don Morel: It’s a broader question for the industry and that has to do with manufacturing footprint and capacity off of the given line. So one of the things we see anecdotally is a subtle but increasing shift away from massive clean rooms and massive infrastructure that can handle very high volume-filling requirements to shorter lower-volume runs that can be done in smaller, contained environments such as barrier isolators. Our customers have massive infrastructures. They are looking at their own production needs. I think they are also looking at what their future products are going to look like in terms of yearly demand. They would rather deal with 2 million-unit run on a system that has 2 million to 3 million unit capacity for growth then they would on a 20 million unit line, run for a couple of weeks, shutdown for a couple of months and then go through all of the requirements to start up again. So I would not be surprised as a general rule to see many of our customers begin to look at this kind of an option. For us, it doesn’t really change anything because the inventories will be kept the same and our volumes won’t change unless there is organic growth in any specific drug.
Don Morel: Yes, I think assuming that it follows the timeline that we’ve been given by the customer, approval would take place sometime early next year and we would expect commercial volumes to begin ramping up sometime in the second or third quarter based on the time of the regulatory cycle. Just to be clear, this is a custom container that is different from the syringe and it’s a very unique product that is being done with a supplement for an existing product, not a new drug.
Don Morel: Yes, there is a couple of things. I’ll let Bill handle the sourcing question, but just to be clear, we think it’s a timing issue. So you will remember in the February call, we talked about these process changes within our plants and we expected to see those volumes begin to develop further in the year as customers worked down the inventory they'd ordered in '13. That is a happening but a little bit slower than we thought. So some of the orders that would have taken place in Q3, Q4, we believe are going to come in late Q4, but not be delivered until the early part of 2015. So I’ll let Bill address the geographic answer.
Don Morel: Yes, there is a couple of things in there, the first one of which is, yes, it is some standard product, it is some disposable med device where we tend to see much short lead times. You may recall from the February call, we spoke specifically about Teflon-coated plungers for prefilled syringes and the two customers that has ordered larger quantities in the third quarter of last year. Those two combined make up the bulk of the shortfall and again it’s a timing issue. It’s a shift that’s going to happen when those come back in 2015.
Don Morel: Yes, we actually, on this particular product, we've already started -- the primary capacity is more to go into the injection class. So, we are ready for volumes as they unfold. There'll no additional capital investment that we can see right now to meet to those volumes.
Don Morel: I think it’s just case by case. It depends on what’s driving the need. If it's a new product and a compatibility issue; it’s one thing. If it's an existing product going to exist in product with the lamination of the glass as the primary driver, it’s going to be another issue. The conservations have been ongoing at a high level for several years now. It’s just the fact that of the matter that it’s working its way through the approval process much like a new drug would and the timelines are somewhat comparable. The good news is we’ve seen no reduction in levels of interest and in some cases, especially as it relates to developmental interest in SmartDose where we use the CZ cartridge, its increased interest.
Don Morel: No, we haven’t seen any impact yet and we ordinarily wouldn’t until the closing happens and then usually not until anywhere from six months to a year later as they start to prioritize their R&D program. Usually by that time, they've made decisions and are fully aware of who they're are going to put on stability, especially for the drugs that are entering Phase III or are in Phase III. So there is quite a lag between when it’s announced and when we actually see an impact. On the biologic side, we usually don’t see one because of the strength of the position of the Westar non-coated closures within that particular segment. So haven’t seen any impact yet. It usually happens when the product transfer start by that usually is not for lengthy period of time after the actual merger takes place.
Don Morel: Yes, it’s a traditional manufacturing run where in the early going, where you're doing small sample runs and you're not at volume and the margins you are lower. We expect our efficiencies will improve dramatically as we ramp up volumes. I think you will see fairly traditional device volumes out of both of those as we go through commercial sales and that would be north of 45% or 50% on a gross margin.
Don Morel: No, our facilities are secure, our folks are working. There has been no disruption to this point. Obviously we encourage them to take all measures to stay safe. We have contingency plans that we put into place for manufacturing for the products that come out of Israel that we could put into place should the situation dictate it.
Don Morel: Yes, I think we talked about a modest increase in Q3 versus prior year, Rafael. This is why we don’t guide the quarters. We are more comfortable with the guidance for the full year and as we’ve talked about on the call, we’ve reaffirmed that guidance. I don’t think we’ve seen anything different out of the seasonality. We’re certainly not through August yet, which is a primary period for the Europeans to do their planned shutdowns and PM&A. They key is always and we’ve talked about this before, it's how efficient we are in the startup coming out of that shutdown period. So September tends to be a huge driver. If we do have some orders flip that don’t fall into the quarter, they'll go into the fourth quarter then we will pick it up then.
Don Morel: Yes, growth in PDS was about 4.5% adjusted for currency and the HVP growth was about 8.5%. So it’s roughly 2x on the HVP.
Don Morel: Thank you very much, Operator, and thank you everyone for your time this morning. Terrific second quarter for the Company. We look forward to reporting back to you at the end of October in our Q3 call when we’ll update our long-term plans. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Bill Federici: I think Ross, what we're seeing is based on some of the difficulties that some of our customers were having regulatory wise, you saw -- especially in the generic space, you saw a lot of movement of those products sourcing around the globe. It was moving from -- in one customer’s sense it moved from Europe and United States over into Asia. So there is a lot of movement, a lot of different players that are picking up the slack from the regulators slowing down the ability of some of those contract manufacturers to produce. And by having all those things, all those moving parts and different players coming in and out of the story, it makes it very difficult to track actual needs. And what we saw last year and we’ve talked about it already in Q3 last year, we had a big surge in high value product orders. Some of that was due to this phenomenon where you had multiple different players going after these -- to fill the blanks left by these other customers who are having regulatory problems. So when we look at it this year and we look at the reduced backlog from the perspective of shorter lead times and some of these pieces that are moving around, it makes this less visibility issue a little tougher for us to predict exactly when it’s going to come out, as Don said. We know that all of the underlying favorable trends that we’ve seen in our business, especially at it relates to biologics remain unchanged. We know that we've got no loss of business from customers’ perspective. It’s a just function of timing and when will those orders come back into the order book. So it’s just the global nature of those products and then moving around just makes it a little more complicated for us to be able identify exactly when it’s going to come back.
Bill Federici: The only thing I would add is that in Q3 2013, we had that big surge in high value product orders as Don mentioned earlier. So seasonality last year was a little skewed. This year it’s more back to what we see as a normal. I would also mention that the high value products, we continue to see that the growth in the range that we’ve talked about in the past, but the volatility from quarter-to-quarter is increasing. So we saw in the first quarter it was a -- High Value Products actually decreased versus the first quarter of the prior year. In this quarter they were up nicely 8.5%. So you have this effective Q3 2013 having been very, very high percentage growth. It was over 23% growth in High Value Products last year in the third quarter driving that good results. And it was a more modest growth in high value products in Q4 of 2013. So while we're seeing now change in the overall trajectory or the fact the macro drivers of the business, we are seeing a lot more volatility quarter-to-quarter, especially in high value products.
Bill Federici: To answer the other part of your question about the volume, the dollar volume of the backlog, remember that our lead times have come down. So we would expect orders to -- the volumes of orders -- to share dollars of orders to have contracted a little bit, which it did, at same level at yearend but lower than the June 2013 number. But the percentage of high value products in the backlog has increased which is what we would expect.
Bill Federici: For the mature high value products like Westar and Teflon coating, you still have some that are very small basis and growing like Envision and like our NovaPure lines, which we see great promise into the future. We still -- as I mentioned earlier we don’t see a change in the trajectory of our growth in high value products. Its grown double digits over the last five years. We continued to that. We think that it will still be in that same 8% to 12% as we go forward, with the caveat that we’re seeing a lot more volatility in the quarter-to-quarter comparison.
Bill Federici: I'll take them by the numbers. The decline in the retirement benefit cost is something that we’ll continue for the rest of the year. And obviously each year you have the actuary give you valuation and that dictates that what the following year’s pension expense would be. If rates rise, as we all expect them do, the timing of which we don’t know but if we do believe they will rise -- we believe that we'll see a further contraction in the expense. We are also putting some money into the plant that will also help reduce the expense going forward. In terms of the -- we have other things that impact it in the quarter. We had incentive compensation costs that were less. That's purely a function of the results. Our incentive compensation is driven by the performance of the Company. And if you look at last year’s this time, the Company was performing, just came off some very high performance. So we looked at our bonus calculations and our incentive comp calculations and that drove them up in the prior year. This year they’re not nearly as robust. So you actually have comparison, quarter-to-quarter comparison. We have less of an expense from the incentive cost. And employee medical benefit costs were also down. We are on a -- we look at the actual claims that have been made against our policies and adjust accordingly and our experience has been better than we expected and so therefore we ended up with less employee medical benefit cost in this quarter.
