Eric Green: Great. Thank you, Bill. In summary, we delivered a solid quarter, which capped off a strong year. We are moving into 2016 with momentum and making progress, executing our growth strategy to become the leader in integrated containment and delivery of injectable medicine. I want to invite you to join the leadership team at our Investor Day on March 10 in New York City. Operator, we are ready to take the questions. Thank you.
Eric Green: I'm going to first start with this Derik and then turn over to Bill on some of the guidance. When you look at the capacity and actually I just came back from Jersey Shore and Kinston to see the plans firsthand. Jersey Shore capacity has been running pretty much almost all out because the demand has increased quite nicely with our high-value product portfolio. I can assure you that the lean efforts that are going on at Jersey Shore is increasing productivity on a per hour basis, so that's very positive. When we look at capacity expansion that we’ve completed in Kinston, North Carolina, that has been validated and so we’re working with other customers that continue to divert orders from Jersey Shore to Kinston, North Carolina to start offsetting some of that pressure. But the demand that you see in the backlog is the combination absolutely of increased demand from our customers but also still the fact that we have to get it through the system.
Eric Green: Hey Dave, this is Eric. There are two elements that we are seeing, one is, there is a true increase in demand that we are seeing from the biologics’ customers but also we are seeing an increase with our generics customers and they tend to come in larger volumes and shorter terms. So therefore that's one of the issues that we face in the latter half of 2015 that created some of the bottlenecks that we are experiencing today. So it is a little bit of uneven of the demand coming in but it is also due to the demand that we’re seeing with the biologics customers. I would not contribute this to any network optimization that we are working on. In fact, I believe the approach that we’re taking is really with new sites, new capacity, it’s with new orders coming onboard. So it is not creating a bottleneck for us.
Eric Green: Yeah, so that’s a great question. So when we look at the commercial organization, we are really breaking up into four areas. Three of them are around our customer segments of biologics, pharma, engineering. So you will have – we will give visibility of the size and the growth we are experiencing within those three customer segments. The fourth one we are keeping contract manufacturing contained and we will continue to report that as a standalone entity going forward. 
Eric Green: We'll give you updates and then give you visibility on our cost of our operation. Manufacturing really has been the driver of growth and margin expansion and outflow in R&D is clear line of R&D investment and we will give you visibility of new products being launched as we introduce them into the marketplace. 
Eric Green: Yeah. Dave, the way to think about it is that there has been a drop in the underlying commodity, but if you remember the way our supply contracts work, we have delay into when that commodity price fits our orders, i.e. our inventory and then when that goes to our P&L, it’s generally a four to six month delay. On the sales side, we have contracts with customers that are multiyear contracts with customers and they allow us to, based on the basket of goods either CPI or PPI, allow us to increase prices based on the last 12 months of activity in those underlying commodities and labor et cetera. So there is a muting effect or a hedging effect on the input cost and on our ability to catch that in these prices or declining prices as it may be. So the effect is muted. It’s not as strong as the reduction that you see in the underlying commodity. We have baked into our budget that we will – that the commodities are roughly in a standard state about $45 per barrel into our budget. So we've already taken that into our guidance. So if it remains at $30 versus $45, it is not a $35 versus $45 based on this morning. It's Brent not West Texas by the way, that’s the underlying reference commodity. That would not be a significant difference from where we have guided today.
Eric Green: Yes, Larry, it’s a combination of both. So we’re seeing expansion of our CZ and SmartDose franchise as we continue to build out for that and utilize our facilities more effectively. I think for contract manufacturing business, we will continue to see the expansion with lean processing that team is actually quite very good at. So we are pleased to see the contract manufacturing making good progress. 
Eric Green: Larry, I will give you a quick response to that, because that’s a good question. I think when you look at SmartDose franchise, we have -- today, we have about -- we have seven in development and they continue to do quite well. The reason why they came down from 8 is because we do have 1 that is scheduled for more commercial, depending on the PDUFA date that’s with Amgen that’s scheduled for July of 2016. In regards to CZ, we’re continuing to make progress as indicated with our recent announcement, we have 10 in formal stability studies and then we have about 1 to 4 really specifically around the generic zoledronic acid area. So again, we’re making progress, customers are liking the technology that they’re seeing and as I indicated in my earlier comments, we’re not standing still, we’re also looking at what’s next for SmartDose for West to support our customers. So we’re constantly moving forward and we’ll give you a greater update on March 10.
Eric Green: Larry, I think what drove this decision and this change and as you know, we’re a growing organization. We continue -- we are expanding capacity, we are expanding our relationships with our customers, the business is fundamentally very strong. The driver of this really was taking an operation that had three regions and two divisions and bring it together. And well, when you move through that type of organizational change, you do create some opportunities. We’re exhausting all avenues to try and identify how we can redeploy our colleagues to the best we can, but the fact is, by going to more of a global approach with some of these areas, we are seeing some synergies, which we’re taking advantage of at this time. Again, as we add capacity in our new facilities, we’ll be adding appropriate resources as we expand and will continue to invest in our commercial, and also in our innovation engine groups.
Eric Green: Larry, I’ll talk more briefly and I’ll let Bill to give you the exact numbers, but the concept is right now, we’re about 10% to 12% of sales. As you can see, the big part is from Waterford, Ireland and some other capacity expansions. Our intent is to bring that down as a percentage of sales as we go forward. This year and next year, you are absolutely correct, Waterford is a larger number, but our intent is to drive that number down as we go forward.
Eric Green: Yeah. Paul, thanks for your comments. As we look at where we’re right now, as we mentioned in regards to CZ, we are in 10 formal stability studies and as I said, 1 to 4 generic zoledronic acid, they’re various stages and as we indicated, we’ve had launch of two vial, CZ vial products just recently. So we’re starting to see the momentum of getting to the point where we actually can start commercializing these endeavors. So I think around SmartDose, again under proprietary, we have seven developments, again at various stages, but the interest continues to be strong. I would also argue that you know with the SmartDose as it stands today we are looking at the next generation which is also stimulating a lot of good conversation with the customers in identifying how we can improve on where we are. And then we’re also obviously anticipating the commercial launch later this year of partnering with Amgen with the Repatha. So those are where we are with our formats and again we're starting to see momentum in the right direction.
Eric Green: Paul, I love to be able to announce all the customers, we have really good -- I have to tell you we have a really good connectivity with a lot of customers around the world. Amgen has just been one of those great partnerships that started when they started up and I believe we are on every injectable growth that’s in the marketplace today. I think the reality is that and if are to get even closer to our customers that we are identifying and working with them to solve their problems and their needs and that's what West is good at. We'll hence that as we forward, so thank you for the question.
Eric Green: Well, we're in the mid-20s right which has come down from where we were with certain of the capacities and it’s not the entire plan, Arnie. It’s just, for instance, we had a bottleneck in the washing area where we perform our West process. We've done some changes to the manufacturing footprint, we’ve actually decoupled the washing from the tack off and that has allowed us to increase the utilization of the wash loads there and has been a big benefit to us. So lead times are coming down, but as I mentioned in my commentary, we don't expect it to get through all of this and see the actual backlog return to a more normal levels until about third quarter of this year. 
Eric Green: Thanks, Arnie. First of all, let’s put into context, the slowdown was $2 million on our $1.5 billion business, so not a huge number, but it is reflective of the lumpiness of sampling activities in those proprietary products. As you know, last year, during the fourth quarter of 2014, we had lot of actual trial activity going on for SmartDose and that has subsequently ceased obviously for that one product. So you don't have that same level of orders coming through. Again, when we look at CZ and SmartDose, the sales level, we expect a significant increase in that sales level from the - rough number is 30 million that it is today to maybe even a 50% increase over that for 2016. But it's still small in terms of the overall context of our business. And high value products in the components proprietary part of this business is going to continue to drive the business in the short term, but important progress is being made on those technologies and we continue to see that and expect it to be very impactful at the back half for our plan.
Eric Green: Remember, there are other proprietary devices like our Medimop which is about $50 million and our safety product which is about $20 million. So overall our proprietary sales today are rough numbers, $100 million. And we expect that certainly to grow very significant teens, high teens to low-20s kind of rates, not over the time period and we expect when we look at the makeup of using the old segment nomenclature of delivery systems business, that’s the combination of the proprietary delivery systems and the contract manufacturing, which right now is about 75-25, to be closer to 50-50 by the end of 2020.
Eric Green: Yes, Dave, we are looking at completion of Phase 1 of the Waterford expansion at the end of 2017 with commercial revenue working with our customers in early 2018. So that’s the timeframe of going live with manufacturing now. The volume and the impact is actually quite small on the start-ups. So it’s very narrow on this particular portfolio. The bigger opportunity as we get into Phase 2 of Waterford of putting the capabilities of high-value packaging components in that facility, which will be more ’18, ’19 time period. 
Eric Green: Phase 1, just to remind you, it also has all the backbones of any additional expansion that will require on this campus, so it’s really more of a campus like manufacturing process. So it won’t require the same amount of time to implement. 
Eric Green: Thanks, Andrew. An online archive of the broadcast will be available at the site three hours after the call. You can also dial-in for replay and that will be available through February 25, and those instructions are on the press release. Thank you again for attending on this call and we look forward to talking to you again on our March 10 Analyst Day. 
Bill Federici: Okay. So let me answer your questions in order. So sales are roughly $10 million annually, Derik, not a big number and our operating profit off of those sales is a little over $1 million annually. In terms of the where we are, where we are, we have been using the official exchange rate of 6.3 for medical device and pharmaceutical companies, which is the one mandated by law and we have been transacting at that rate through 2015. Obviously, they announced a devaluation to an official rate of 10 going forward. That will impact us to a certain extent, but we will continue to not recognize the full impact of a devaluation to the unofficial rates that you see that are being used to transact, since we’ll be at that required to transact at that rate. We do have exposure in terms of our monetary assets of about $2 million. So when we look at our ability to get dollars out of the country, if we continue to experience delays in receiving dollars out of the country despite the fact that they’ve told us that we can transact at an official exchange rate of 10, we will most likely end up writing off those monetary assets. Again, rough number is about $2 million. If we were to take out the entire operations over there which is what we've disclosed in the release, that number would be somewhere in the range of $7 million to $8 million.
Bill Federici: So, I think just to add, agree with Eric said, we have enough capacity to be able to meet our customer demands today. We do have certain bottlenecks in the operations especially for our high-value products. We've done some work, some lean activities in those affected plants to be able to increase the capacity going through those plants and we've seen the benefits of that at the very end of 2015 and certainly are seeing it in 2016 to begin with. Eric mentioned the Kinston facility and additional capacity there to help process some of those high-value product orders. So we believe we're okay, it is very tight there and we’ll continue to be tight but we believe that the actions that we've taken are actually helping with that tightness and we believe that we will actually start to see the backlog come down probably in and around the third quarter timeframe of 2016.
Bill Federici: Yes, I mean, as you know, the growth that we have seen in the high-value products has been a little bit more than what we would look at in terms of our long-term growth trajectory for this business. We believe that our high-value products will continue to grow in the high-singles to low-doubles. We have seen it obviously this quarter with 13.5 and for the full year, it was 14, almost 15. So that’s above the average. And we see this from time to time, Larry, as customers do make inventory adjustments either based on demand or in this case, some of it was in the action to our extended lead-times and for some of those high-value products. So we always come back to looking at this as what is the real underlying growth of the business. We don’t think anything has changed in those long-term growth drivers, Eric mentioned that in his comments, that will cause us to believe that if anything different than that long-term 5% to 7%, 6% to 8% growth that we expect for the business of which high-value products being in the high-singles to low-doubles. On the margin line, there is a corollary effect. So we saw a very high percentage increase in the gross margins for PPS, driven as you said by that really strong high-value product growth in the quarter. But when you look at that, again try to normalize it, we have things, we know that that growth will come down, so the margin expansion will come down also. We know we will have inflationary increases in underlying overheads and labor, and we know that there are additional costs we are adding to pool. For instance, the work we are doing in Ireland and elsewhere, increase our capacity in the future, we are adding support around that, so regulatory, quality support, underlying support for those new businesses that we’re trying to expand globally around the world. So we look at a normalized growth, Larry, no different than we had in the past. That’s somewhere 50 and 70 basis points on the margin line is over a period of time. Some years, it will be higher as we’ve seen, other years will be less, but that’s where we feel very comfortable with the business in those kinds of ways. 
Bill Federici: Yes, it is Larry. It’s a long-term process. Though, as you can imagine, you have to work with the customer to get them obviously on the same page as you are. But you’re right, we have made some progress there, especially with some of the customers on the medical device side certainly and we look to continue to make more progress there. The obvious intention is to be able to stand our productive capacity in meeting the needs of that biologics and the generics of pharma customers for high-value products. 
Bill Federici: Correct. That’s correct, Larry. As Eric said, most of it was in the reductions or in operations, but there is some SG&A as you can imagine. There is some write-off of assets and there is some people costs.
Bill Federici: Absolutely, thanks Paul. Good question, we absolutely agree with your comment. So, the idea is we are the beneficiary of having a very, very strong high value product portfolio. Right now, most of that is manufactured in our highest cost jurisdictions from a tax perspective both United States and Germany, little bit in France and also those are the three big ones. So when you think about it as you continue to increase the amount of high-value products sales and profits, they happen to be in those high cost jurisdictions. So it’s a very high quality problem to have but one of the reasons that you know from an operating perspective we think that these centers of excellence are excellent ideas from an operating possibility. So making sure that we are providing our customers with the best absolute highest quality product we can that will be uniform in terms of where it’s manufactured from. So we’ll do the core manufacturing in our existing facilities like the US and Germany and France, but we will transfer those for finishing, a lot of the high-value product capacity will be in Ireland and in Singapore. When we get those online, obviously the tax rate differential between some place like Ireland that’s 12.5% or Singapore that’s even lower than that and say the United States which is 35% will reduce our overall effective tax rate. How low can that go is you know we certainly believe that it certainly would come back to that 27% and quite frankly over a longer period of time and longer means it’s going to take a long time to get these productive facilities up to speed and validated by our customers. That we could see in the mid-20.
Bill Federici: The mix between mixed and volume, its’ higher obviously on the mix change than the volume. We expect some order of magnitude about 2% to 3% on volume, a little bit of price just under 1% and the rest would be mix, Arnie. 
Bill Federici: Yeah that's a great question. So I won't give you the actual percentages that are high-value products but the high-value product percentage of the total backlog is increasing that is one of the reasons why we have such great faith in the future but also the fact that it has caused the number of orders and the duration of those orders to expand. So normally we would see in our backlog a very high percentage of that backlog be actually produced and shipped in the following quarter. With our increased lead times and our customers’ additional orders both on the biologics and the engineering side, we're seeing that get pushed out not only to the next quarter being produced and shipped, but being in the next quarter, but in the subsequent quarters after that. So we're seeing a much more even distribution than a big bell-shaped curve for the high-value products and also for the overall backlog. So if we're looking at percentages rough numbers each of the quarters has increased the amount that we are going to be expect to manufacture and ship, but the ones in the - first quarter obviously is very high, but then the second, third quarters are higher than we’ve seen in the past as a percentage of the total. 
Bill Federici: Yeah, Arnie, that’s going quite well. We are ready to go with the ramp-up of commercial volume when they become available. So at this point, we are the – Arizona investments are in place and being validated. 
Bill Federici: Actually, there is two basic drivers to that going forward, right, the actual change that you’ve heard in Q4 and going forward is, one is looking at the next generation of SmartDose and that is launched and we are working on that at this point. And also, if you look at a high-value product portfolio in NovaPure that’s specifically around the one and the three amount plungers that gives us an opportunity to invest in R&D and launch into commercial – meaningful commercial revenues down the road. So those are the type of investments. Now, I do want to just comment that as we – one of the changes that we made with our organization that’s having multiple pockets of R&D and innovation in different parts of the organization, we’re bringing that together, so we can start looking at the interconnectivity between containment and delivery devices. So while it gives some efficiencies on leverage on our innovation group, we will still continue to invest and these are two particular areas that we have invested in Q4. 
