Don Morel: The only color I can add to that Dave is that, remember when you are in the early stages here on the clinical and the engineering evaluations, the price is going to be higher because the units are lower, but certainly the first tranche here out of the gate is right in line with where we thought it'd be.
Don Morel: Yes, we don't have as much, obviously, as we do on the Pharm Systems side of the business. Typically it, depending on the customer, can be anywhere from two to four weeks. Yes, demand has been strong in the areas that we thought they'd be strong in. Disposable components are going to cardiovascular ops for our customers there. On the sampling side and consumables, where you have components that we made going into blood collection, blood analysis, those have been strong. The filters have been in line with expectation and consumer has been pretty strong. You have some ins and outs here, and they are depending on inventories and timings, but demand is certainly more favorable at this point in the year than it was last year.
Don Morel: Moving on to that contract, the only thing I would add to that is we have begun to aggressively market the device in Europe. There is a lot of interest in it for a lot of applications. That pricing will be much different than the pricing for under the existing contract, obviously.
Don Morel: A lot of it is in the high value part of the business, FluroTec coated stoppers and the Westar processing, we continue to see strong demand there. Overall there is probably some inventory restocking that's going on in the first half of the year after the downturn we saw last year. The third quarter so far for Europe looks fully inline with our expectations. The only issue that Bill and I both highlighted is that because we are seeing shorter order quantities, smaller order quantities and shorter lead times with the new capacity online, we don't have visibility, we'd like to have into the fourth quarter but we've see nothing that would indicate that won't fill in.
Don Morel: It depends on who's acquired and who the acquirer is, obviously, but what we usually see some and we've talked about this before is that you come to a halt in a lot of your development programs. The good news is that the programs that we have underway are with a range of customers both large and small. So although, we may see some delays depending on who is involved? My expectation is that the momentum that has been built to this point is going to continue to carry forward on our major programs.
Don Morel: Yes, well, it's principally the three. The demand on CZ is making us push that ahead faster than our original plans. So there are both some expenses associated with that and some capital investments that will accelerate. Confidose is getting an awful lot of attention, particularly in the niche I mentioned which is highly viscous drugs where the pressure to deliver the drug is somewhat higher than with an ordinary formulation and you need the properties of the CZ within the auto injector. So that's all positive, and then, I mentioned briefly this new platform that we've acquired, which is basically a patch pump attach pop and for compounds that need to be delivered in the 3 ml to 5 ml range but can't be delivered in bolus. It's a perfect solution to an unmet need where it can deliver over a period of a couple of hours. So, those three areas are principally the ones that will receive the R&D funding.
Don Morel: One thing I would add to that Arnie, is last year we talked about the halves being reversed because of the unusual finish to 2008. So, this year in the first half, we've earned $1.22 versus $1 in 2009, you're going to see a flip-flop, where we'll go back to our traditional seasonality, and the second half of the year will be softer than the first half, which is what we talked about at the outset of the year.
Don Morel: Yes. This is still in a development phase Arnie, so there's no trailing revenues. What we are doing is adapting the fundamental platform to our customers needs and the acquisition was done to fill an unmeet need in the market and what we perceived to be gap in our portfolio offerings. So, what you are seeing with formulation especially in the biotherapeutic area, there is a desire for a platform that can deliver modest lines not a 1 or 2 mL injection, but in that 3 to 5 mL corridor, but over a long period of time, where you want the drug to works its way and slowly to maximizes its therapeutic effects. So, this acquisition is basically in a prototype phase and the first agreement that we have in place is for prototypes to go to the customer for evaluation. We don't expect substantial revenues off of this until we get to probably at that 2012 kind of timeframe as well. Everything comes together at the end of the 2012 beginning of 2013 in the portfolio.
Don Morel: That is wholly out of our control. It all depends on the evaluation and the stability work done by our customers.
Don Morel: Yes. Of course, and it's a myriad of things. We did have some M&A activity, so labor cost us were a little higher than we expected. We did have some increase in some audit fees and some tax fees relative to some of the activity going on around the world on a tax basis. Those were the primary drivers. And, yes absolutely, we do scrutinize all of those costs especially the discretionary ones and make sure that we are doing the best that we can to keep those under control.
Don Morel: Yes. It's collectively, David, within the biologic space. So, if you take that as kind of the umbrella, you've got a situation now where there have been some issues in the marketplace with breakage where CZ is a logical alternative that can help solve that issue, but it's also been driven by the older issues of the silicon agglomeration as well as the tungsten. So, I think the emphasis on the breakage issue has brought a lot more attention to CZ as an alternative either in a cartridge or prefilled, but certainly, the original drivers in terms of cleanliness and non-contamination for the biologics is there as well. So, it's really both of those factors, but wholly within the therapeutic protein space.
Don Morel: We have a lot of ins and outs. I think my simple answer would be it's in line with expectations, but what we are seeing is that, because of its both utility, there is a market opportunity for what we fundamentally have called life cycle management for the customers, so, if they are producing bulk active at the early clinical stages of product development. They can do that and store it in CZ and they may begin to get data. We have seen demand for example, for larger CZ containers come out up to storing one litre of active. Behind that you would have them potentially go to the market when they are a single dose vial, somewhere in the 2-5 mL range. And after that you've got the opportunity to convert into the syringe, but what you have all the way through and in the eyes of the regulatory bodies is a single primarily container material, and we think that will provide some regulatory advantages. The other thing to think about is that as we progressed, through that chain, we attribute of our rubber products in terms of Westar process in terms of RU also apply to the vials, so they can be done, as well as the syringes, they can be done on format, that is ready to sterilize or they can be done at a format that's ready to use, but as a single package of option, the material really gives them a lot of flexibility, that may provide some advantages from the regulatory perspective. We see new things emerge every time we talked to a customer, but the flexibility in terms of design and the flexibility in terms of primary container format are going to drive it, and in addition to those earlier things I mentioned about cleanliness and breakage.
Don Morel: There is no doubt that there will be competitors entering in. There is always new resins coming to the market, but remember the thing that, that really help us in our IP is the timing both around getting these things to market, so even is new option emerge now there are a number of months and years before they're actually going to get to the point where CZ is. We keep reminding people about is CZ has been in development with our Japanese partners since middle 1990s. Now you've got a really robust data set. You've had the emergence of biologics over that time, and we have been working on a compatibility studies and everything over that 10 to 15-year period. So, although, new entrants are going to come in, it's going to be sometime before we get to the stage where CZ is.
Don Morel: The answer to the second part of your question Arnie is that we are seeing broad opportunities both for existing products on the market as well as new products. So, our belief at the current time is that it will not be exclusively reserved for the round of new products coming to margin. With regard to your earlier question, it's difficult to give an answer to that only because sampling prices tend to be dramatically higher than commercial volume prices. So, initially out of the gate here with the order that we have on the books, the price is substantially higher than it would be at commercial levels. Our expectation overall is that it will go to market depending on the drug in the volume at somewhere in that 5X to 8X a glass price.
Bill Federici: Yes, Dave, on, it's Bill on. On that particular one, it is contractual. We are producing it in the same space that they produced that we acquired the plant as well, and in the absence of other customers, that that business will continue to provide, very limited margin.
Bill Federici: Also, there the currency has been the negative drag on Europe, particularly. So when we talk about strength we are excluding currency in that regard.
Bill Federici: No, we didn't mention it specifically but our expectations are, it will be about inline with what we've been talking about which is just about 23.9% for rest of the year.
Bill Federici: Sure. Obviously, we did see an increase in the packaging systems space of 50 basis points over the prior year second quarter. The main components, Arnie, and I know you know all the moving pieces that I have given to you. Price was up about 0.5 percentage point, volume and mix was positive as well, providing about eight-tenths of a point increase. We did have materials cost increase and that impacted the margin and it was all the things you would expect from labor overhead, depreciation and other expenses increasing offsetting those. So from a gross margin perspective, we did get 50 basis points increase, which again is fairly much in for packaging systems, is in line with our longer term growth expectations for that business, about 50-bip increase each year, so we feel pretty good about it. Yes, the increases were in the high value product space and we expect to continue to see those increases, but at the same time, we have increases in our cost pool that are somewhat muting all of that increase. But again, we feel very comfortable with the view that we will see some increases continue in that business over the near-term.
Bill Federici: Yes. I think the currency impact, and I'll give you some numbers, Arnie to help you run through this. In last year's third quarter, the dollar euro conversion was $1.43 to the €1. In the fourth quarter, it was $1.48 on average to the €1. So, obviously, you can see there that it's a much steeper climb on the fourth quarter than the third quarter given our $1.30 that we are at today, so that's number one. Number two, that we called out is the increase in the R&D expenditures of $0.04. If you are thinking about that, again, I would think that not exactly 50%, but fairly ratably over the third and fourth quarters with slightly more hitting the fourth quarter than the third. In terms of the visibility, Don mentioned and I mentioned that, we've been talking about this for a while. Due to the change in the order patterns by our customers and our decreasing lead times, which allows them not to have to put in so many orders way ahead of time, it's providing a much better view at the third quarter, but a much less predictable view of the fourth quarter. So, we are somewhat cautious about the mix in that fourth quarter and there's no easy way to do this, but if you're trying to do apportionment, you would certainly have much more of the impact probably two-thirds of the impact in the fourth quarter and in the third quarter.
Bill Federici: They were fairly balanced. And in fact, what we are seeing Arnie is, if you look at it Arnie, there's about probably $10 million of currency impact on sales and roughly about $12 million impact of H1N1 in the fourth quarter. And when we look at the sales in general and you take the currency effect out, we see that the fourth quarter sales are actually going to be lower than the fourth quarter 2009 at the current projections that we've got right now, like 3%.
Bill Federici: It's new charges If you remember the way they changed the rules on restructuring that you can't take up all those charge upfront and then have it all come against the reserve. You have to wait till the actual activities are exited before you can take the charge. It's a small number. Dave, we are talking about somewhere between 500,000 and 700,000 for the rest of the year, and it's mostly severance associated with exiting some activities.
Mike Anderson: Yes, China and India are fundamentally right on track. Year-to-year progress and for China, up roughly in that mid-20s percentage range. I think we've seen 25% year-on-year growth, a little bit better. India has been a little bit stronger. We have seen year-on-year growth there north of about 30%. Interestingly and up within the generic segment. We've seen one CZ opportunity come to fruition out of India, which we think is a positive, but right now, so far right on track. Within China the Plastef's facility, we've got four (inaudible) up and running. We are beginning to produce a variant of the TrimTec cap with that plant was dedicated to extensively for export business to South America and other countries. So doing that it's been very strong there. Asian has been right on target. Overall Europe as we talked about earlier solid through the first half, so internationally, pretty much on target.
Mike Anderson: We are in the process of finalizing plans for a smaller rubber facility which would be really developmental in its scope emission in China. We expect to put shovel in the granular. We hope by the end of the year nothing is really change there, and we continue to evaluate the prospects for India. India brings a special set of circumstances because of A, the breadth of the generic industry currently which we serve out of Singapore. But looking downstream in 5 to 10 years, there is no doubt that India will be a hub of innovative development. So, our question is do we invest in a baseline facility initially and then grow into a fully fledged mass Westar facility or do we look at in advance Westar facility from a get-go. Stone evaluation, we'll see how things unfold over the next six months.
Mike Anderson: As Bill said, our capital spending from this year is going to be down substantially from our original plan. That's pretty much in response to what we have seen developed in the marketplace. Our expectation going forward is that it will be in that 120 to 140 range as we talked about over the five year plan period. What could change that? I think there has to be some dramatic development in the market place that would make us really accelerate our plans for India in particular.
