Eric Green: Thank you, Bill. In conclusion, we’re off to a strong start to the year. Our teams are focused on executing our market-led growth strategy to enhance customer experience, drive operational excellence, and differentiate with novel containment and delivery systems. We have a great team, high quality products, and a strong customer base who we are working by their side to bring new drug therapies to the market. Operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Eric Green: Yes Bill, thanks for the question. Absolutely what we’re seeing in the biologics and generics space, obviously with strong double digit growth, is really a combination of both new product launches into the marketplace but also a transition up the quality curve that we are uniquely positioned to provide with our high value products portfolio. So we’re seeing a combination of both and it makes us feel quite confident for our outlook this year and forward.
Eric Green: Bill, with the reorganization we went through, we pulled together our innovation and technology group to take a look at all of the innovation at West from containment to delivery devices. If you look at where we want to play and our vision and our focus of the company, we do want to bring on board more capabilities around delivery devices. So we look at NanoPass, we made a small investment into NanoPass that allows us to leverage their needle technology, which really supports again the delivery devices. The key attributes when you look at their technology is around bio-availability and dose sparing, which are key issues that our customers are faced with today, so we think this is another solution, part of a portfolio that can help us more long-term.
Eric Green: So a couple comments around the CZ portfolio and platform. We’ve seen a slight uptick with additional formal stability. Obviously we announced one coming up from formal stability into commercial at this point, so today we have commercial, a couple vials, and one potential cartridge once the [indecipherable] is approved, and SmartDose and CZ cartridges obviously on that product.  What we’re seeing also with the CZ, we announced obviously with the Imlygic, which is a unique characteristic around extreme cold storage. That has opened up other conversations, so we believe not just delamination, resistance to breakage, but in the attributes of glass versus CZ, we’re also seeing extreme cold storage as being an attribute customers are looking at, so those conversations continue to take place. So we’re quite pleased with the progress we’re making there. On the SmartDose, there’s two ways of looking at it. One is the existing platform that we have been working with customers on, we currently have seven in trial at this point . When you look at beyond that, we have introduced the new version or next generation of prefilled solution to the marketplace, and that’s opened up a lot of conversations. So we believe not only are we staying within an existing platform that has some traction, but we’re also seeing the new generation create a lot of interest in the marketplace.
Eric Green: No, I think the way to look at the contract manufacturing business is more over a period of the year. The size of orders that we’re producing for our clients--and again, these are long-term agreements that we have because we’re making investments into our facilities that run these dedicated products for quite a period of time, so we are seeing the lumpiness from quarter to quarter, but if you look at it from an overall year period of time, it’s probably the best way to look at that business.
Eric Green: Thank you to everyone for dialing in. We appreciate your interest in West and we look forward to the next call after the second quarter. Thank you very much.
William Federici: Yes, sure. Thanks, Larry, for that question. Yes, you’re right - there is a combination of things impacting our backlog: real growth, and we know that that’s happening, but we do know that customers continue to place orders in advance of what they normally would given our current situation of, in their minds, high lead times for certain of our high value products in certain of our plants. So it’s impossible for us to give you an exact number there, but we don’t see any real change in the overall growth trajectory of the business. We know that we continue to see growth in our high value products, in that high singles to low doubles, being driven by the increase incidents of chronic diseases treated with biologics and also in the generic space. We see a lot of growth in the generic space as well. But to give you an exact number, I can’t, but I can tell you we still feel very, very comfortable that our growth trajectory for the full year of 2016 is going to be in that 6 to 8% range still.
William Federici: Proprietary and contract manufacturing is in there. It’s 38.8% for the proprietary products and it was 14.7% for contract manufacturing. So what we continue to see obviously is strong growth in proprietary products being driven a little bit by pricing, but most of it being driven by the favorable mix shift that we’ve been describing this morning. With high value products up 22% versus the prior year first quarter, that really is a supercharger to the margin and has the effect of more than offsetting the increases, normal inflationary increases in our costs.
William Federici: Our business is impacted by not only what we do, but we’re a made-to-order shop, so as our customers order--and their order patterns and customer inventory management scenarios have an outsized impact on a small company like West. So while we continue to see very, very strong growth, we don’t believe that that 22% growth in the--or 24% growth in the backlog and the 22% growth in high value products is really all growth. We think there are some obvious inventory management issues going on in there.
William Federici: Yes, when we announced the board-approved restructuring plan, we knew that there were going to be things that we were doing where we were taking a look at realigning our operations more towards the future customer-facing organization that we want to be. One of the things was we wrote down our use--we had an asset on the books for the Tec name, and we wrote that down. That was about $10 million of that $15 million, and then the rest of it was writing down some of the intangibles associated with some of our development projects.
William Federici: Not easily. I don’t think we want to be giving you that level of detail. Again, we feel very, very comfortable in the long-term growth trajectory for proprietary products. We continue to see the big driver there in the near term being our biologics and generics customers, which are driving growth at high value products in the high singles to low doubles. We do know that the delivery system part of the business is growing. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks that CZ and SmartDose were $6.7 million versus $5.5 million in the prior year quarter, a growth of 20%, so we see good growth going there. The things that are growing within the high value product portfolio are the things you’d expect - Westar, both RS and RU, we’re seeing a lot of FluroTec growth, and we’re also seeing a lot of growth in demand for Daikyo products. So I don’t want to get into that level of detail, but those were the main drivers, and again we feel very, very comfortable that none of this that we’ve seen in this quarter changes our near term or longer term growth trajectories for the business.
William Federici: Well, it’s a complicated--I’ll give you a short answer and then the complication. High value products is a series of products, so a series of things that we do to the core components after they’ve been manufactured. So something like Westar and FluroTec are very well penetrated in western markets, but there is still a lot of runway in front of them. But newer high value product initiations like our Envision product which is using vision systems to help increase quality, as well as NovaPure, those are still small and their penetration rates are very, very small, but we see great promise to them in the future. So if you look at as a percentage of our total manufactured products within the proprietary product space, we’re less than 20% of our volume is high value products. What that number could be is really a factor of a lot of things, including the age of that high value product and the newer products coming into the market, so we believe that a lot of the--almost all of the biologics will use high value products in some way, shape or form. A lot of the generics are going to use our high value products in some way, shape or form, so we believe there’s a tremendous amount of runway in front of this, and that’s what gives us confidence, one of the things that gives us confidence in our ability to say that that part of our portfolio will continue to grow in the high singles to low doubles for a very, very long time.
William Federici: Well, I don’t have the breakout for you, but what we did say, as you suggested, in this year it will be less than that. In 2016, we’re expecting somewhere on the order of $4 million to $6 million, so that’s where we are for the current year, and it will be more in the future years as you get a full year’s worth of benefit out of these. As you know, some of the restructuring charge has been taken, some of those actions, but some of them have not yet been taken. It takes some time to get through all of those. We expect them to be done the later part of this year or early part of 2017, so our run rate on the savings will be, as you suggested, more fully affected in 2017 and beyond. In terms of reinvestment, we expect to reinvest the majority of that back into the business on the commercial side of the business and in innovation and technology. So you know, our belief, Sara, continues to be that this is a tremendous growth engine for West, continuing to work on the combination of our containment systems with the delivery systems to create solutions for our customers’ very novel products, and that combination we believe is very strong and is the right way to invest our funds today to make sure that we’re able to satisfy those demands.
William Federici: We have it in the release, I believe. The SG&A--just give me a moment here. Okay, so proprietary SG&A was $41.6 million, and the contract manufacturing was $3.8 million. Those are at our quoted rates there.
