James K. Hilger: Yeah, Kevin that amount is – did occur – let me start over. That amount covers multiple periods, not just all in this quarter and it was out of trend. That's why we call it out. I wouldn't expect the same level of impact in future periods.
James K. Hilger: It's just a case where we had built for some items and we got paid for them. And as part of our normal compliance reviews, we uncovered that. We should not have been paid for them or paid the wrong amount, I'm not going to know all the details. And so, we went back in time, identified all those instances, and in some cases, I think going back four years, five years and maybe payments to the government. But because we did it in one fell swoop across three different issues going back in time, it added up to a pretty significant number, and so we felt we better carve that out and let you know.
James K. Hilger: Well, let's see. What I did say was that because of the expected headwinds, netting against the organic growth, et cetera, that we expect OI to be down. I actually – trying to do all the math in my head, without the investments, I can't answer your question spontaneously. But in aggregate, given the two definitive headwinds and the one potential headwind and given our current sense of organic growth, et cetera, that we expect the net to be unfortunately one that leads OI to be down 2016 versus 2015, so I realize I just restated what I said earlier, but I think I just have to leave it at that.
James K. Hilger: Gary. Yeah. You said that the year-to-date $1.421 billion, that's correct. Yeah. That'd be non-GAAP adjusted.
Kent J. Thiry: It was a positive development in large part, after a whole lot of back and forth between us and their payer, where the payer agreed that we actually deserved additional revenues and settled up in one fell swoop.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. It's the right question, Kevin, and I'm unfortunately going to disappoint you in the answer, which is, it's not clear. We know, as we've continued to prune our hospital portfolio, that we'll put that behind us and then the year-over-year comparisons will start to be different than the way they look right now. But the certification and regulatory delays are very hard to predict and particularly in places like California where we have a lot of centers and a lot of centers waiting to be built and/or certified and/or occupied, where we're really getting hurt. And if we were more adept in this area in terms of predicting, we would have told you ahead of time that it was going to happen, and clearly, we didn't tell you ahead of time. And then on the mortality front, we've done so well over the last four years, five years, six years in a row, and this plateauing was not something we expected. And so, we, at the same time or in the same way, are not good at saying what's going to happen over the next year to that trajectory. So in two out of the three that I mentioned and then there's a few other drivers that just aren't worth going into, but as you can see, in two out of the three that I did mention, we just don't have the ability to predict, unfortunately.
Kent J. Thiry: We actually are not commenting on that and we only wanted to comment on HCP because we felt there might be a growing gap in the perception what was likely to happen because you couldn't have insight into how aggressive we intend to be in terms of infrastructure investments and next-generation investment, reflecting a real bullishness on how differentiated we could be a few years downstream. And so because of that, we said, gee, there is no reason to wait because we know we're going to do it. It's not dependent on any intervening development. And we know we're going to have to do a lot of explaining and we're eager to do that explaining. But absent that, we just felt it's not appropriate to go into further quantify guidance at this time.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, let me grope around here for a minute and then we can see where you want to take it, Matt. First of all, not surprisingly, the answer differs a lot by institution, that some are far more committed, far more adept, have been working on it for far longer, allocate more talent and capital. And those entities are doing some real stuff, real population health management, really bending the cost curve. That is a small minority of the overall pool. A lot of other folks are acquiring practices and recruiting doctors, where – with 85% of the motivation being to just secure their referral flow. And they are not making the tough decisions and tough investments associated with actually getting very good at that. And so for us, however, in either case, we look at it with a fresh set of eyes. Some hospitals and health systems are becoming great partners to us. And we will work with them to succeed in both population health management and fee-for-service at the same time. In other cases, we are in fact competing with hospitals as they speak to move down the path or just try to gain control of their referral flows. So for us, whether health system is really committed and getting good at it or actually not committed is independent of our decision of who is friend or foe, and sometimes it's kind of in the middle.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Very fair question. And the problem with the business model is A), right now, some of these assets are expensive, because so many people would like to have them as their partner; and B), in many instances, they one – step one is actually to add expense to start building the capability and start negotiating the contracts that are going to lead to the incremental value and the incremental profit. But it means you're adding expense before you're adding revenue with positive contribution margins, and it takes time to get some of the contracts and execute. So, while a number of those different investments we've made are right on plan, those plans are not going to contribute any significant incremental profit in 2016. And in cases like the Everett Clinic, which has a long track record of strong operating performance, nonetheless the growth opportunity is so substantial, we are eager with them to invest, to go pursue that growth opportunity. But in the short term, that means a bunch of expense. So, we understand that it's our responsibility to delineate this with good conceptual and analytical rigor at the Capital Markets Day. In the meantime, the net number is nothing to get excited about from a short-term profit point of view.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. I think our policy is not to go through every individual market on every call. What I can tell you is that if you look at our sort of portfolio of new markets and joint ventures, some which are two-years-old, some are one-year-old, some are six-months-old, that the 2016 versus 2015 results in aggregate are going to be about the same, and that's a mix of – of some moving into profitability, some moving into bigger losses and everything in between. But the portfolio is basically a non-story in terms of helping or hurting 2016 versus 2015.
Kent J. Thiry: I think that would be not in our shareholders' best interest to go into any more detail on an active negotiation.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah, we are not in the practice of giving that kind of market-by-market guidance. And even if we were, we would hesitate because there is so much uncertainty in exactly how it will unfold. And we, as you know, ramped up from nothing to $500 million, imputed top line in a very short time, and as (0:35:00) going in the markets to the range of outcome over the next year or two is quite wide. And so, we're excited about it and we have a high-quality partnership with the big-positioned IPA and with IVC. But to go any further would just not be prudent. There's just two wide a range of outcomes.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll have to turn to my partner here, I don't know if it's a number we've disclosed before or not. We have not done that in the past, but we'll let us reflect on it, given our NAG is down and that's one of the reasons it's a very fair question. So let us reflect and maybe starting next quarter, we'll put it out.
Kent J. Thiry: We think everybody is experiencing the same delays on that front. However, we have a significantly higher percentage of our de novas in some of the states that are the slowest right now, California being prominent among them.
Kent J. Thiry: Got it; three points. Point number one, we think good multi-specialty groups can make significant contribution margins in a fee-for-service world, as Everett Clinic and others have demonstrated. So, we never want to confuse profitability as being only the result of having globally capitated contracts that – it's our premise that exactly the opposite is true, especially, when we start partnering with a group and they have more access to capital to do some of the things that are quite leveraged even in a fee-for-service world. Second, that the – one of the powerful levers to pull to enhance the value proposition and profitability of a major medical group is actually to sign some global risk contracts and begin to invest in eliminating waste from this system and improving health. And then third, there's all sorts of less dramatic value-based contracting that can go on in between, whether it's shared savings and bonus plans and new market incentives and combined ancillaries, and so that the menu of intermediary steps that can be taken with plans in a market, or with a health system or with other medical groups is quite long. And so, with the Everett Clinic, we're excited because our five-year strategy encompasses accomplished all three of those fulcrums.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah, that's the X-hundred million dollar question. And right now, we just can't give a date where that happens, although we certainly respect the fact that patients can run thin, and it's part of why we look forward so much to the upcoming Capital Markets session, where we can spend a significant block of time going through this with more analytical rigor. I would remind folks that absent the change in the RAF model, which certainly we've mis-handicapped, but absent the change in the RAF model, we would all be sitting here quite content with our margins and returns and their trajectory. Now, that just so happens to be a major issue. And not to be ignored, and government policy can continue to change although that model of course is 100% implemented in the MA program has an awful lot of political support in terms of supporting the benchmark rate. But we do want to make sure people continue to parse through the impact of that single MA model change from the performance of the legacy market – from the performance of the new market. And at Capital Markets, we'll attempt to do a real good job of parsing through those different components. And so, you can assess whether your patients should be sustained or jettisoned.
Kent J. Thiry: People are reflecting and staring at pieces of paper, Gary. So, can you go on your next question and...
Kent J. Thiry: Of the two dynamics, one is mixed, and of course, even small increments and decrements can move the dial. And I'm trying to remember at what level we were around on the numbers that you've seen. But if it's a full percentage point, which is my memory, then...
Kent J. Thiry: ...there can be a significant movement within that. And then, second, as you know as well as any of us, that we're always winning and losing some battles on the payer front in terms of rate negotiation. And right now, we're having a few more victories than defeat in that realm, and so some of that – that's – some of that is contributing.
Kent J. Thiry: We do have one of the new markets where we very intentionally dropped a plan that led to a significant drop in membership, and that was a good thing for our P&L and for our strategic position. Now, having said that, I'm not sure that explains exactly what you're bringing up, so let me look around the room here. Yeah, Gary, yeah, that is the explanation. It was very conscious and negotiated and has significantly enhanced our P&L.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks everyone for your consideration of DaVita. And we will do the best we can in the intervening months until we talk again. Thank you.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yeah. Well there was a couple of questions in there. So let me adjust restate what CMS is doing. One, they have categories which they have identified for when a drug or a service would be new, and so how that would come into the bundle. And number two, as you're specifically referencing, I think, the introduction of IV Sensipar, they have accepted the industry's recommendation that that product be outside of the bundle for a transition period, which time that they will be to able to establish the cost and clinical efficacy, et cetera of that product, and then as they suggest that that period be a minimum of two year. After such period, both that product as well as the oral equivalent will come into the bundled payment system. They don't go through much more detail than that or a little bit more detail, but I'm sure we look forward to working with them over the next couple of years through the detail implementation. I'm not sure if that answers your question, but if you want to be more specific, I can certainly provide a little more data.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yeah. So, in the first – in my first statement, they have identified categories where a new entrant would just come in under existing payment. So yes, the biosimilars, we would expect, would be under the bundled payment system when the FDA approval is complete.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yeah. So, remember, for the ESRD payment system, there is no particular quote rate for any single component of the bundle, but it's the bundled payment system. I haven't thought through for you how non-ESRD clinics would be reimbursed for a product like that. I can give it some thought and certainly get back to you.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: No, just we've seen what's in the public marketplace the same issue and we wish them the best if they answer the questions with the FDA.
Unknown Speaker: Good afternoon. With regard to Everett, you commented that it serves mostly a fee-for-service population, and that you hope going forward, it becomes more of a value-based enterprise. How do we move from sort of the fee-for-service model today to where you want to be in the future? And is that primarily going to come in the Medicare Advantage space or commercial partnered with hospitals, or how do we think about the conversion there? Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. And then just a follow-up on HCP and you sort of touched on this generally. But investors, I would say, have been patient with sort of the business and profitability trends. And I think a lot of people were optimistic that 2016 would sort of be the inflection year, where things generally start to turn for the better. Clearly, some of the things that are going on next year are true business sort of things that will come up, other – some of it's going to be discretionary. I guess, what would you say to people that – when should we really start to thinking about an inflection in the investments in the patients really begins to pay off for the shareholders? And I'll leave at that. Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: I just wanted to follow up on the HCP questions. I think the keyword was patients, and we've been in your stock for a couple of years on in-patient. Is there any way we could get some outlook prior to the Analyst Day in May? Certainly, you guys have made a decision to budget higher expenses. I'd just like to get an idea of what type of return you're looking for to get on those expenses and not have to wait until April or May of next year? Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: No, I think you got it. That's fine. And the other questions, kind of addressed it, so I won't belabor the point. Thank you.
