Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Q1 was a strong start to the year with solid financial performance. For the quarter, we recorded revenue of approximately $2.8 billion operating income of $443 million and earnings per share of $2.09. As Javier referenced, treatment volume was a large headwind and our non-acquired growth was negative 2.2% compared to negative 0.3% in Q4. While COVID presented the main challenge to NAG in Q1. Winter storms, particularly Uri were responsible for about 30 basis points of the NAG decline, treatments per day bottomed out during the first quarter. So we expect to start seeing quarter-over-quarter growth in Q2. We continue to expect that NAG will be negative for the year, although we expect to see an acceleration of NAG in 2022 and 2023 as mortality rates may be lower than the pre-COVID levels for a few years. U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment grew sequentially by almost $3 this quarter, as a result of the Medicare rate increase, higher enrollment in MA plan, a slight improvement in commercial mix and higher volume from our hospital services business. Partially offset by the seasonal impact of coinsurance and deductible. U.S. dialysis patient care costs declined sequentially by approximately $6 per treatment, although we continue to experience elevated costs due to the pandemic, such as higher PPE, and certain clinical level expenses from continued infection control protocol. Our Q1 patient care costs included in nearly $2 per treatment benefit from our power purchase agreement, benefits that we do not expect to persist through the rest of the year. For the quarter, the net headwind related to COVID was approximately $35 million, consisting primarily of higher PPE costs, and the compounding effect of patient mortality associated with COVID partially offset by the benefit from the sequestration suspension, with a number of other items that largely offset each other. For fiscal year 2021, we now estimate the net negative impact from COVID to be approximately $50 million lower than our guidance last quarter. This is the result of lower COVID impact in Q1. The recently passed extension of the Medicare sequestration relief through the end of the year, and lower other offsets including T&E in the back half of the year. At the middle of our guidance range, this would equate to a $150 million negative impact from COVID in 2021. Our DSO increased by approximately seven days in Q1 versus Q4, primarily due to temporary billing holds related to the winter storms and the changes in calcimimetics reimbursement. In certain circumstances, we hold claim to make sure we have complete an accurate charge information for payments. This quarter, we had more of these holds, and the last, single largest driver was related to winter storm Uri, which impacted more than 600 of our centers until right in the middle of the quarter. This has the effect of pushing a significant amount of cash flow from this quarter to the next and cause the corresponding DSO increase in the interim. While claim hold shift cash flow between quarters, they have no negative impact and what we ultimately expect to collect. We’ve already seen a significant increase in cash collections in April and expect a corresponding positive impact on both cash flow and DSOs over the next two quarters. A couple of final points. In the first quarter, we repurchase 2.9 million shares of our common stock and to-date in April, we repurchase approximately one million additional shares. Debt expense was $67 million for the quarter. We expect quarterly debt expense to increase to approximately $75 million beginning next quarter as a result of the $1 billion of notes issued in late February. Before we open up the line for Q&A, let me share some reflections. Over the past year, our teams and our business experienced unusual volatility and challenges due to the pandemic. We have weathered this very difficult period because of our dedication of our people, our scale, our innovation, in holistic platform and approach to patient care. As I look forward, our organization is stronger. Our relationships with patients have deepened, that have even more resolved that our comprehensive kidney care platform is well positioned to deliver a best-in-class value proposition for our patients, physicians and hospitals and payer partners. Now, let’s open it up for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Hello, Pito, it’s Joel here. So I would think about three things really. We beat this quarter, so obviously that helps with the full year. Sequestration was the biggest driver here and that’s about $50 million. And then looking towards the back half of the year, we’ve taken down some of the COVID offsets that we were expecting from G&A and T&E. As things get a little bit better, we were not expecting as much offset in Q3 and Q4. So you put that all together and that’s where you’ll wind up.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Pito, I appreciate the question. We’re not going to give monthly, but let me try and help out a little bit. February was the bottom. And that was driven largely by the mortality issue, but also Uri the storm resulting in about 25,000 missed treatments. We saw recovery in March both as the mortality issue got better as well as the recovery after the storm, and then April trended a little better from there as well. I think it’s a little early to quantify it and try and use a number to draw a trend line. These numbers can bounce around a bit. So that’s where we are.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So a couple of things I’d highlight about Q1 RPT. In terms of quantifying the co-insurance and deductible, that’s somewhere in the $5 to $6 of treatment range. So you’d add that to what you’d expect to see in Q2. We also had a pickup in Q1 over Q4 as a result of calcimimetics. I’ll remind you, calcimimetics OI in 2021 will be similar to 2020, but the seasonal pattern will be very different. So we picked up $2 – about $2 of RPT in Q1 over Q4 from that. In terms of looking forward about what RPT will look like, we’ve moved away from guiding on RPT as you’ll remember. In terms of what’s a reasonable number, is 2% reasonable? I wouldn’t say it’s unreasonable, but it might be a little on the high end of the range that I probably think about, but we’ll have more to say on 2022 RPT obviously later in the year.
Joel Ackerman: I’m sorry, operator. Pito, just to jump in on that, that my comment, obviously, you’d have to adjust for sequestration, which would go away presumably between 2022 and 2021 and that would be a big number.
Joel Ackerman: I’d say there are four things and they’re roughly all about the same order of magnitude, and that’s the Medicare rate update, calcimimetics, the mix changes – commercial mix change and then MA. They’re roughly in the same order of magnitude.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I’d say the likelihood is that the mix will be more Medicare than commercial. Remember, the mortality we’ve seen as a result of COVID was disproportionate in the older population as you would expect, and our older population is disproportionately Medicare. So as you see the unwind happen from COVID over the next X number of years, we think that would lead to a lower kind of our commercial mix trending down a bit. In terms of the implications for margin, there’s an offset to that, recognizing that these new patients will be filling unused capacity and that would have a tendency to drive margins up. How those two – those countervailing forces play forth, remains to be seen and it’s a tough number to predict its dependent on a lot of the some of the underlying assumptions.
Joel Ackerman: No, our T&E is down. And it’s been down since the beginning of COVID, as teammates travel less, and we had modeled that continuing through the end of the year. And now we think, for example, that T&E in Q3 and Q4 could return closer to pre-COVID levels. So the offset, the benefit we got from lower T&E is probably going to be less than we anticipated.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, I’d say Justin, the, the Q1 was within the range of what we were expecting, I’d say it’s a little bit on the positive side, but it’s early in the year to start tinkering with our full year guidance and our full year forecast. So despite what I would characterize as a strong quarter, we chose to keep things in line.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So you’ve got it right. And I think it ultimately, it’s a pretty simple calculation. You take the excess costs associated with PPE and that roughly offsets with sequestration. And then everything else is a wash and what you resulted in is basically, the negative impact of mortality, which is in that $150 million range. So there are a lot of moving pieces, but net-net, they mostly cancel out and leave you with the impact of mortality.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So this stuff gets pretty technical, pretty quickly. But let me try and help you out. I think the way I would think about it to simplify it as you start with what our typical NAG is. And if you want to grab a number, go back pre-COVID and pick something in the low 2%s, 2.2%, something like that. And you really see that impacted by any continued excess mortality. But again, we think that’s declining rapidly, you’ll probably see some in Q2, but going down quickly, again, assuming COVID plays out the way we expect on its way out. But obviously things could be different. So start with NAG, add excess mortality then adjust for what could be a challenge to the pipeline, if you want to assume there’s any CKDs for impact. We don’t have data on that. But if we look at what we see in terms of new agonists, we don’t see any impact there that we don’t see any impact from that right now, but you’d have to incorporate that. And then we see a tailwind coming up as patients who otherwise would have died in the next quarter or two passed away as a result of COVID. And that’s a hard one to measure. So that’s how I’d model it. If you want to get kind of simplistic and I realize I’m throwing a lot of numbers and a complicated story at you. I think…
Joel Ackerman: You add back the tailwind associated with lower mortality post-COVID. And that’s how you start modeling what NAG looks like going forward.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, I think we’ve been pretty consistent on this. And nothing has really changed; we want to be in that three to 3.5 times where we’re at 3.39. Right now, we did a $1 billion bond deal during the quarter. Cash flow for the rest of the year is likely to be relatively strong. You saw cash flow in Q1 was weak. And we think we’ll make that up over the course of the year, but no reason to think our philosophy and approach to leverage ratio and buybacks is going to change over the near future.
Joel Ackerman: We disclosed last time as our expectation is in line, what we said was mid-to-high 30% and markets roughly around 43%. So, we’re slightly below the rest of the market still in the mid-to-high 30s.
Joel Ackerman: The percentage hasn’t changed much because with NAG decreasing, but that segment of our business did increase in particular PD, PD grew around 4%. Home hemodialysis, the HH part of it decreased, but net-net that’s the segment of the businesses that continues to grow. We think that there is appetite from the physician community and the patients to have more flexibility and freedom. And we are innovating and creating a lot of technology so that the patients feel more comfortable and more confident, more convenient, being connected to our care site. So, we do expect that the modalities will continue to grow.
