Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Here are some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.4%. When normalized for the calendar, our non-acquired growth in the quarter was 4.2%. This past quarter, dialysis revenue decreased $8 per treatment. [Audio Gap]  2011. Our effective tax rate attributable to DaVita was lower than previously expected this quarter, primarily due to nonrecurring tax benefits associated with close examinations and statutes. We expect our effective tax rate for 2011 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%.  We have entered into interest rate hedges that have effectively fixed our interest rates through September of 2014. As a result of these hedges, we expect interest expense in 2011 to be between $235 million to $240 million. Cash flows remain strong. In 2010, we generated $840 million in operating cash flow and $597 million in free cash flow.  Looking ahead, I want to remind you of a few things for the first quarter. When we began on January 1, which means a sequential drop in Medicare revenue per treatment from Q4. The first quarter is shorter at 77 treatment days, which means fewer overall treatments and fewer days over which to amortize fixed expenses.  Payroll taxes are higher in the first quarter, which is about $2 per treatment sequential increase to expenses. For these reasons, you should expect a sequential decline in revenue per treatment and a sequential increase in expense per treatment, meaning a decline in operating income from Q4 2010. You should also expect there will be some short-term collection delays as Medicare contractors and secondary payers process our initial bundled claims. This will impact our cash flows in the first half of the year.  Operator, let's go ahead and open up for Q&A
Luis Borgen: Sure, I'll read that. Let me just reread it to you, a short paragraph. Essentially, dialysis operating expense per treatment decreased $8 from the prior quarter. There were three factors: lower utilization of physician prescribed pharmaceuticals, savings and the unit costs for pharmaceuticals and that was partially offset by some labor and benefit costs.
Luis Borgen: Primarily, it's related to the Medicare revenue per treatment as we enter into the bundled environment, coupled with the fact that the quarter is shorter by 77 days and payroll taxes are also higher in the first quarter. Those are the three comments along the Q1 sequential drop.
Luis Borgen: Sure. The primary reason for the decline was lower utilization of pharma, and the commercial mix was offset by the increase in private rates. So part of what declined was pharmas.
Luis Borgen: In the third quarter, we did say that commercial mix was decelerating. In Q4, we had a decline from Q3.
Luis Borgen: Yes, it fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, but it's primarily driven by more JVs and higher profitability of those JVs. We think that it's a reasonable number for Q4 heading into 2011. It will be in that range.
Luis Borgen: I expect to be typical volatility in that spend. But as Kent mentioned earlier, we do plan on making some investments in IT and some HR systems as well as international.
Luis Borgen: There is enough variability for it to be up or down. But I think directionally, it'd be similar to our Q4 number.
Luis Borgen: The increase is primarily IT-related, and we haven't given CapEx guidance. So we do expect to make additional investments to go along with the G&A investment on IT. So the P&L investment would go along with some additional CapEx. So I would think it to be more in line with the number you saw in Q4.
Luis Borgen: We were not surprised. G&A is something that we track very closely. Of course, there are some things that are timing related. But for us, G&A came in line with where we thought it would come in within a reasonable range.
Luis Borgen: Yes, cash on the balance sheet, about $100 million to $200 million will be sufficient to account for the seasonal variations in networking capital in the business, Kevin.
Kent Thiry: Wait one moment, operator. We're getting some feedback that the phone may have blacked out for a short period. And you know...
Kent Thiry: No, the rate of decline was less in Q4 than in Q3. But thanks for forcing the clarification, Justin.
Kent Thiry: It's impossible to predict until we know exactly what the VA does. They have the right now to assert Medicare rates, but a provider doesn't have to accept a new patient. And so in a whole lot of cases, in order to, say, give veterans the access and quality that they will probably want to, they're going to need to negotiate a non-Medicare rate. And so given there's going to be a lot of negotiating out there, it's impossible to predict exactly what's going to happen. What is clear is we have a lot of centers that can afford to take more patients where the reimbursement is less than the cost. And in particular, and that reflects the conscious decision by the government to do so after being forewarned.
Kent Thiry: We haven't been doing any kind of quarter-by-quarter reporting rather than what we've been doing for last 15 months or so is saying that we are satisfied, on track, making progress and that the net results are incorporated into our guidance. And I think we're just going to stick with that for now.
Kent Thiry: Really no change in our long standing philosophy that every single quarter, we take a look at buying back stock versus investing in growth versus holding cash versus paying down debt. And those dynamics, as you just mentioned, change a lot. And so we can't really predict. I guess the only thing we can predict is we're going to put it through the same sort of analytical template we have for the last 10, 11 years. And as the record indicates, that leads to a lot of different decisions at different points in time.
Kent Thiry: To be honest, we didn't anticipate that particular question, so I'll be speaking out of school a little bit here. But it is certainly the case that we take lots of the revenue hits immediately, and it's certainly the case that some of the adjustments take time. And so the net of those two big tectonic plates shifting would suggest exactly what you said the second half of the year would be better than the first half. Having said that, we've not reflected on everything else out there, and I don't know if there's anything else that would cut in a different direction. So you're probably right, but we don't have an analytical answer to that.
Kent Thiry: Well, the uncertainty around the Amgen contact is one reason why you're getting the breadth of guidance that you're getting. In addition, one other variable that does push the other way more second half dynamism than first half dynamism is the VA. We have a lot of contracts with the VA. Those expire at different times. And so over time, there's a greater cumulative effect of whatever is going to happen with the VA. And so that would be one example where you wouldn't want to rush too quickly to the conclusion that the second half will be better than the first.
Kent Thiry: Oh, boy. There's about 12 different initiatives under that category, and to try to apply some sort of quantitative score on what percent is done with each one; and in particular, when you kind of don't know where the end line is, you don't know how much you're going to be able to adjust. So I think I just have to punt. We're not 90% done. We're not 10% done. But I get pretty queasy about going a lot further than that even though that's not terrifically useful for you.
Kent Thiry: Yes, we haven't disclosed that. And for competitive reasons, we don't think we want to. We feel more pressure to if we thought it would help you get to a better answer. But in this case, it doesn't because even in places where we don't have a contract, it could very well be that the VA does not have a high-quality alternative to our center. So it does not mean that that's going to move to Medicare if we don't have to keep that patient or take the next one. I say all this of course because we like to take care of every veteran in America with a warm embrace. But when the government intentionally implements a policy where they're going to try to force us to take reimbursement that they know is less than expenses, we have to, at some point, pushback somewhat in self-defense. And so given it's not as if there's one clear result with a non-contract situation and the opposite result with a contracted, it's really of no analytical value for you to know the mix. And for us, representing you, it's better that it not be known.
Kent Thiry: We'd like them to go to a once-a-decade price increase or so and maybe skip a decade every now and then. They made no comments on that to us. Don't know what they said to others. They do know that there are few more visible issues in the healthcare than the price of that drug, and that now providers have an absolute fixed Medicare reimbursement cap. And so exactly what they're going to do, only they know, but there certainly are a lot of people watching.
Kent Thiry: First on the IT, it is an unusual surge and a nontrivial one. Let me just give you two examples. One is, we're putting in a new human resource system, which we haven't done for eight years or so. And if you compare '11 to '10, that's going to be about a $6 million, $6.5 million incremental G&A investment, which will then fall by about $2 million to $3 million in '12 and then further in '13. Second material example, we're putting in a new clinical management system first time in eight years. And that also is leading to plus or minus to $6 million incremental spend in '11 versus '10, and there will be a diminution of a couple million in '12 versus '11 and then somewhat more diminished in '13 versus '12. So those are a couple examples that explain a big chunk of the unusual surge, which will then start to work its way down. And who knows what other investments we may decide to make, but these two are big and very, very mainstream. As to Q4 international, I don't know the specific numbers. But certainly, in Q4, we spent enough on the P&L internationally that it would have moved that dial a little bit. And if Luis or LeAnne want to amend that, they can. So it did play a role. I'm not sure it was a huge one.
Kent Thiry: We're still thinking it's in your best interest not to say what they are, but we are a multinational company now in the sense that we have expenses. We hope to move on to the second half of that equation as soon as possible in a couple of carefully selected spots.
Kent Thiry: Yes, let me take a cut at it. I mean, there's three buckets. As to a legislative solution soon, despite the fact we have a lot of support, it's unlikely because they're so dysfunctional. As to legislative pressure leading to a regulatory solution soon, not in the first quarter but soon, we have a shot. As to an ultimate satisfactory regulatory solution, we have received positive indications but getting positive indications nine months before something actually is going to supposedly happen and all the processes they go through at that time is, well, much better than getting negative comments not nearly as reassuring as we'd like it to be.
Kent Thiry: I do not know the honestly correct answer to that question. I know what I said is true that the probability that we get a satisfactory return is comfortably high. I know that math well. I actually don't know the margin math because of course, you can't eat margin and you can only eat long-term cash return on capital. So I apologize, but that's the best I can do. If I just sort of intuit, you would think that if there is a gap, it would narrow because there are some synergies. But become identical, I don't know enough in my head about the geographic mix, and we wouldn't have necessarily taken a look at that because it wouldn't have affected our business decision.
Kent Thiry: No. That would not be prudent, not in your best interest. What we can say in the spirit of trying to be useful, however, is that the way we've thought about after-tax cash return on equity capital is that if you think of a spectrum and say at one end for highly strategic deals how low are you willing to go, and at the other end for pure vanilla deals, no strategic benefit whatsoever, what would you really like to see, that range for us is from $8 million to $16 million and this deal falls within that range.
Kent Thiry: It will help us improve the quality of care for 125,000 people, and in some cases, incrementally improve our productivity in doing so.
Kent Thiry: Fair question. As long as they fix the stuff that needs to be fixed, then the system should work for everyone, and in fact, work better than the old one. It should save the government money. It should lead to some improved care, and it should leave providers solvent.
Kent Thiry: A very fair question, and we simply have no visibility into that. And there are people who claim visibility into it, and some say things are going to be stricter now because the industry is more consolidated. Others say that shouldn't be the case because of the rise of home modalities and the fact that there's a lot of proven interest on the behalf of the capital markets in these segments. So clearly, attracting new investment in new competitors. And so some very smart people end up drawing diametrically opposed conclusions, and none of them actually gets to talk to the people that they're talking about. So we just don't know. When we apply the more or less principles and practices of the past, we end up with a range of outcomes that we find very acceptable in the context of the transaction, particularly because there's such healthy demand for anything we have to divest. And ironically, the bigger the number you divest, the higher the multiple is likely to go. But beyond that, there's just isn’t much we can say because we don't know.
Kent Thiry: It's more coming from above 12 g/dL, because there's always such a small percentage below 10 g/dL. So that's why the answer is what it is.
Kent Thiry: We are hoping to be able to be a lot more helpful to you on May 3 at our capital markets day in Boston, which will be simultaneous to the actual earnings release for those who can't be in Boston live. So that is our hope that we can deliver that to you then.
Kent Thiry: A very decent percentage will expire in the calendar year 2011. As to the concentration, I am not sure how the mix is across quarters, so I can't go there. Perhaps we can provide some guidance on that on May 3.
Kent Thiry: I don't have them memorized, and I don't think it should affect anybody's valuation of our company or its prospects. And so I think we'll probably stay away from that because it will cause much more trauma than it will add any value for you guys, and trauma is not in your best interest.
Kent Thiry: And that is Kim Rivera, our General Counsel. But the speakerphone wasn't close to her, hence the delay.
Kent Thiry: That's certainly one of the primary fulcrums, but there are a bunch of other ones: our institutional relationships, our physician relationships, what we think is going to happen in the year or two or three. So I think it's pretty situation-specific, fact-specific, with one of the major fulcrums being the one you identified.
Kent Thiry: I guess it feels differently to us because they are veterans, but that maybe -- so I guess it is not the same, although I can see how some people might think it would be.
Kent Thiry: Well, first of all, I'm not going to try to do a good job of clarifying things that even when I do it, you act so surprised. But on that subject, I think both sides want a long-term arrangement, and so that is the goal.
Kent Thiry: I would say that there are virtually zero clinics that have not done some changing, probably zero, but the degree of change differs quite dramatically. I'd also say the other end of the spectrum, virtually no clinics are done changing.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think, Andreas, we just did a bad job of thinking ahead and adding together a bunch of stuff that we were getting pretty sure we were going to do x months ago. And it wasn't until the annual budgeting and forecasting that we said, "Gee, it really is going to add up to an unusual amount." And then we went back and stared again at whether or not we wanted to postpone any of it in order to smooth things out, and we just decided that would be a dumb business decision and we hope you would understand.
Kent Thiry: In other words, Justin, in most instances, you know when you submit the claim because if you don't yet have documentation for something that you know the patient has, but you don't have the right documentation, you submit the claim for the lesser amount. And then if and when you ultimately get the statutorily required documentation, you have to rebuild, which is probably what makes this just a huge administrative morass.
Kent Thiry: Justin, as you know, for a lot of years, we did give a three-year rolling forecast with all the appropriate qualifiers, but as a way of helping you identify the most significant swing factors so you could maniacally focus on those. And we would hope to do that in May with the qualifier. If we don't think we can do it well enough to be useful, we'll wait longer before we start doing that again. But we prefer a world in which we do that just as you do. And on the $3 to $4, it's not that we're thinking that every single difficult case mix adjuster will never be billed or collected, Justin. It's, we think, a relatively realistic prediction of the instances in which we'll never be able to get the quality documentation to justify that, which is true. And as you all know that have been around, at some point, we're all going to get subpoenas, accusing us of playing games with case mix adjusters. And so even if I know you're right-handed, if I can't get all the right paperwork because the hospital doesn't have to give it to me, then I can't bill for the fact that you're right-handed. And in some cases, unfortunately, that's just exactly what's going to happen. And it's not what it was intended. But until we get the system fixed, it's what's going to happen.
Kent Thiry: All right. Well, thank you, all, for your time and attention. We look forward to seeing many of you in person on May 3 and talking to the rest of you again. In the meantime, we will do our best.
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think a few moment or two of Luis' commentary was cut off. And if that's the case, I think what we could do is handle those questions in Q&A. So apologize for that, but understanding that there was a technical issue.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, we're not providing detailed guidance, as you know, at this time. Safe to say, the Medicare revenue per treatment is going to be down because of the implementation of the bundle.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, we are in the process. I think Kent mentioned implementing various protocols and changes. How those will take effect when you have hundreds of physicians making daily decisions, we're not yet ready to put a stake in the ground.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, Justin, clearly, it's going to vary slightly as we implement Medicare and the results of all that. So it will fluctuate just with our forecast as you might expect.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, I think you can't look at that as a standalone. The $140 million is a revenue hit. We have been working on improvement in protocols and things like that as you saw in the fourth quarter, don't completely offset it. And in fact, probably the $9 isn't quite right. But that said, directionally, we've offset some of it and we'll be working obviously through the year to continue improvement.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, in the same time frame as we expect in most years, release of the preliminary in the June time frame with finalization around November 1.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, on outliers, that's just simply a matter of data capture and calculation as well as the details of the formula within CMS. We've identified some pharmaceuticals and things that did not get included in the final rule, so won't count towards that goal, and some other issues that's more of a technical nature that I think will prevent CMS from paying out the full total.
LeAnne Zumwalt: So no, we're really early in the process, and we're just really -- we bill monthly, that's how dialysis is billed. So we've just billed January and, so we're kind of waiting to see how that comes back. That said, a couple of issues have been identified and they're universal to all of the mass that we deal with, some issues with the logic on paying for home claims. And so those are going to get unheld and that would get corrupted. We probably -- we anticipate some other glitches. CMS knows about the first one, and it's clearly working on it. So we'll keep you posted. Again, we think that's a short-term issue, not a long-term issue. So until we really get a quarter or two under our belt, it's hard to predict.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, let me be more specific. The documentation requirements are quite extensive in the rule, well, in the supplemental transmittal. So they expect us to have original diagnosis down to a very specific sets of ICD-9 code. And then as to your revenue recognition, no, we will not recognize revenue for something we're not sure or certain that we have proper documentation for.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, we think the right way to look at it is year-over-year, and the $140 million was the year-over-year number. So we're going to stop with that.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, actually the performance standard comes into play in 2012. And you're right, they're measuring two aspects of hemoglobin the sub 10 g/dL population and the greater than 12 g/dL. The benchmarks for performance are that you see either or your own individual average in 8 g/dL compared to actual performance in 10 g/dL. Or the national average is 7 g/dL compared to your actual results in 10 g/dL.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, we don't have a number right here with us, and we didn't disclose it. So we're just focusing on that percentage of patients between 10 g/dL and 12 g/dL.
