Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. We had a strong quarter, despite the continuing operational challenges presented by COVID primarily as a result of strong RPT performance and continued discipline on cost. For the quarter, operating income was $490 million and earnings per share were $2.64. Our Q2 results include a net COVID headwind of approximately $35 million, similar to what we saw in Q1, primarily the impact of excess mortality on volume and elevated PPE costs, partially offset by sequestration relief, and reduced travel and meeting expenses. Turning to volume, in Q2 treatments per day increased by 0.4% compared to Q1, excess mortality declined significantly in Q2 from approximately 3,000 in Q1 to fewer than 500 in Q2. At this point, we’re cautiously optimistic that the worst is behind us, but we’re closely monitoring the potential impact of the Delta variant, especially within pockets of the country that have lower vaccination rates. Longer-term, we continue to believe that we will return to pre-pandemic treatment growth levels with an additional tailwind from lower-than-normal mortality rates. Our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment grew sequentially by almost $6 this quarter, primarily due to normal seasonal improvements from patients meeting their co-insurance and deductible obligations. We also saw favorable changes in government rate and mix, including the continued growth in the percentage of patients enrolled in Medicare Advantage. Patient care costs and G&A expense per treatment in total were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. Our patient care costs decreased sequentially primarily due to reductions in labor costs. Our G&A increased slightly primarily due to charitable contributions and increases in personnel costs. As expected, our U.S. dialysis and lab DSO decreased by approximately six days in Q2 versus Q1, primarily due to collections on the temporary billing holds related to the winter storms in the first quarter. The majority of the impact of the storms on DSO and cash flow were reversed in Q2, but we may see an ongoing, smaller benefit to the balance of the year. During the second quarter, we generated a gain of approximately $9 million on one of our DaVita Venture Group investments, which hit the other income line on our P&L. We have a small investment in Miromatrix Medical that recently went public. The value of this investment at quarter-end was $23 million. Going forward, we will market-to-market every quarter. Now turning to some updates on the rest of this year and some initial thoughts on 2022, as Javier mentioned, we are raising our guidance ranges for 2021 as follows. Adjusted earnings per share of $8.80 to $9.40, adjusted operating income of $1.8 billion to $1.875 billion and free cash flow of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Also, we now expect our 2021 effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita to be between 24% and 26% lower than the 26% to 28% range that we had communicated at the beginning of the year. These new guidance ranges exclude the potential impact of a significant fourth COVID surge later this year. I’ll call out two notable potential headwinds during the second half of the year. First is COVID. We continue to expect the impact of excess mortality will be higher in the back half of the year than in the first half of the year, due to the compounding impact of mortality through 2021. We’re also expecting an uptick on costs related to testing, vaccinations and teammate support as a result of the delta variant. As a result, we are increasing the middle of the range of COVID impact for the full year to $170 million from $150 million. That implies a $30 million headwind from COVID in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. As a reminder, this is the middle of what is a wide range of possible impacts depending on the impact of the delta or other variants and any additional COVID mandate. Second, we expect to experience losses in our U.S. ancillary segment of approximately $70 million in the second half of the year compared to $50 million in the first half of the year. This incremental loss is due primarily to new value-based care arrangements and start-up costs associated with the CKCC program that launches in 2022. Looking forward to 2022 we do not expect anything unusual among the primary drivers of the business, including RPT, cost per treatment or capital expenditures. However we expect pressure on OI growth from the increased spend on growing our IKC business, the possibility of union activity in 2022 that we did not face in 2021 and the first year of depreciation expense associated with our new clinical IT platform that we have been developing for the past several years. We will provide more specific 2022 guidance on our future earnings call. Operator, let’s open the lines for questions.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Pito. I hope I got all of that, but please jump in if I didn’t catch it. So starting off, in terms of where it is on the P&L, we’ve got a segment, our strategic initiatives, which breaks down between U.S. and international. The U.S. component of strategic initiatives is an excellent proxy for our IKC P&L. We’ve simplified what exists in that segment over the last few years as we’ve exited some of the strategic initiatives and other than a couple of small things, it’s everything related to IKC through that line. So I think as you think about both revenue and operating income using the U.S. component of SIs as a proxy for our IKC business is a really good way to look at it. So that’s number one. In terms of where this can go over time, look, there are a lot of questions around how many members we can enroll here, what our savings rate can be, how much of that will ultimately capture. I think a reasonably simple way to model it would be to start with something like a third of our ESKD population in this user a spend per patient, especially if you’re looking out a few years of $100,000 per patient, and that will give you a medical cost under management. And then the question is, what percent of medical cost under management that we think can turn into OI. And I would say a reasonable number would be something in the low single digits, something equivalent to what a typical MA plan would drive as margin. So 1%, 2%, 3%, maybe 4% in that range as a percentage of medical cost under management, I think is the right way to think about what the potential for this is in the out years.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I don’t think we’re not going to disclose a number that we would call gross revenue. I think the number that we will disclose would be what the revenue would be if we used gross revenue accounting, which would be the medical cost under management. And we’ve seen this before, they were under DMG, they were components of the business that were gross accounting and some were net and we would disclose a medical cost under management or something like that and that’s the $2 billion number that Javier talked about in the script.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, look, I think the right number to look at is not patients but treatments per day. And the good news, let me try and walk you through, first the good news is treatments per day grew in Q2 over Q1. And I think a sequential view of it will get you a better model than a year-over-year view. So sequentially treatments per day grew in Q2 over Q1 about 400 treatments per day. There is a bunch of things going on in there and so let me try and break it down for you. First, the good news is the new to dialysis treatment starts remain strong. So the question that we’ve gotten in the past about what has happened within the CKD population as a result of COVID, we continue to see strong new to dialysis treatment – admissions. So we don’t feel any pressure there right now. In terms of Q2 over Q1, Q2 did benefit from the storms in Q1, so you’ll remember the storms in – from Yuri led to lower treatment volume in Q1. And so the comparison in Q2 was a positive there. That said, there are few things weighing on the quarter. First acute volumes are down as you would expect with the pandemic, getting better in Q2 over Q1. Second, excess mortality remained above normal. It was well below what we saw in Q1 came down from 3,000 approximately to less than 500, but it’s still above normal. And finally, the mix of treatment days in Q2 was unfavorable. We do a fewer treatments on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturdays than we do on Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays, and that was about a 50 basis point headwind in Q2 over Q1. So just to summarize, the good news is, we’re back to a situation where treatments are growing quarter-over-quarter, the new to dialysis admissions remained strong. That said, there continues to be a bit of noise in the numbers.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, that would include all of that, Justin. It would include MA, it would include traditional Medicare, as well as anything on the commercial side.
Joel Ackerman: As a reminder, you don’t get as much from that in COVID when your Medicare patients are passing away as you would in a normal time.
Joel Ackerman: There’s still a lot we don’t know about how it will play out. I think it is reasonable to assume some if not all of the benefit we are seeing this year will continue for another year, but not in perpetuity. So for 2022, yes, 2023 I’d say no.
Javier Rodriguez: Justin, the reality is, there’s not a lot to say. This is a bit of a numerator, denominator issue. You had more mortality on the Medicare side and the commercial side held strong as people really valued their income and insurance, and so is a lot more resilient than we anticipated. So that’s the dynamic that we’re discussing here. A couple of other things Justin, while you’re asking about the value-based care and how do we calculate it with dialysis and non-dialysis. Yes, I think it’s important to do the math you’re doing, you subtract the dialysis. And then you have to put in there that the payer/government have participation in the savings, the nephrologists then has a participation in the savings and that’s how you trickle down to the percentages, the 1%, 2% or 3% roughly that Joel talked about.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So, Kevin, the CKCC doesn’t start till the beginning of 2022. But we will start investing in the back half of the year in anticipation of that growth. So it’s not – it’s expense that we are building in anticipation of growth related to CKCC.
Javier Rodriguez: I think at the end of the day, Kevin, one of the things as you heard from Joel, there’s a lot of different dynamics and interplay for us. The positive is that we’re seeing, let’s call it the new admin stabilize pre-COVID and so the best data we have right now is that we will revert to the pre-COVID numbers. And so I think that’s the best assumption, we keep you posted if that changes.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so let me grab a couple. We’re not going to complain about the pressure, but it’s absolutely there. It is a very dynamic and competitive marketplace. We continue to invest in a differentiated workplace and find that our teammates find great fulfillment in the purpose of the work that we do. That said, again the marketplace is quite dynamic. As it relates to the second question, yes, we are talking about the union might come up with another ballot. And so we’ve now unfortunately, every other year have had to deal with it, we hope that they are a little more empathetic to the fact that we’re in a pandemic in that, it is not a good use of the resources, but we just want to continue to talk about it, so no one surprised.
Javier Rodriguez: It’s an interesting play. From our perspective, we believe that we’re really well-positioned and of course there’s a lot of dynamics on volume and mix, how a patient gets to us all the way from a patient choice to a payer choice to physician. And so that dynamic has got a lot going on, can the whole chain there really see the value that we create, I think that over time the answer will be, yes, because the clinical outcomes will show it. And there’ll be transparency where people say, gosh, if I can live there longer if I can get more transplant, if I can get my CKD and not be hospitalized, I want to go there. But as you know, that takes time. And so, from my perspective right now, I’m not assuming a change in sort of a shift in decision making until this plays out a bit more.
Javier Rodriguez: Testing, we didn’t test all the patients. I think that was in the assumed question. What we do is, we of course test anyone that has any symptoms. And then of course our patients get tested a lot more because they’re using so much healthcare than when they go to other physician offices or hospitals or other things, they get tested. So they’re disproportionately tested. But we just test when they are symptoms.
Javier Rodriguez: Either way works, we’ve decided to standardize on the full cost, but either way is perfectly fine way to do the math.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me grab it, as it relates to the inflation, of course, we’ve been very good over time. If you do our CAGR over the last five years or so, I believe we’re right at 1% or so slightly below. And so we view the levers quite thoughtfully over time in there, we are managing an essence pharmaceuticals, we’re managing productivity and of course wage rate and there’s other things like supplies and other miscellaneous items which we are very diligent on. So we don’t think those dynamics will change much other than during COVID of course, the PPE has gone up dramatically and we hope that that stabilizes over time. As it relates to the wage inflation, we have nothing really particular to say about it. We are another player in this really dynamic marketplace and it feels like it’s shifting quite aggressively right now is that a short period or does that sustain itself. So I don’t think I can comment on the multi-year, it is fair to say that we are aggressively looking at all the pharmaceutical and all the options to make sure that our physicians have the choice of their pharmaceutical, but at the best price possible. So I don’t know if I got to all of your questions. I think the last part of it was around capacity utilization and of course we are watching it very aggressively. We went from a time when we were very aggressive on the de novo build to. As you can see, we really tapered that back and we’re building a lot more home centers, which are a lot more capital efficient. We will keep that sort of balance in check, because we know the patients need the interplay between the home and the center and so there needs to be capacity available and as we lost here roughly 5% of our patient during COVID. We are aggressively taking a look at our portfolio to make sure that our patients have access and that we are not having centers that are not the right capacity.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think that’s fair. We are trying to present this in a way that represents the fact that the business is, they are not independent in so far as they are intricately, they are linked and that’s why we think and we are excited about our opportunity to win in IKC, but trying to present them as separate income statements, if you will. So you can assess how the core historical dialysis business doing and how the new IKC business doing.
Javier Rodriguez: We are taking a careful look about what’s the right level of disclosure as the IKC business grows and making sure the shareholders have a good understanding of the economics of the business, the progress, the investment, the spending et cetera, so more to come on where we land on that.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay, well thank you Missy, let me make a couple of closing comments. Number one, our core business is strong. Number two, we are entering an exciting and dynamic time with an opportunity to deliver a lot of value for our patients by connecting and coordinating their care with payers, nephrologist and providers. Point three, the clinical and the economic prices are absolutely meaningful and like most valuable prices, there is a lot to do to make the plan a reality. Point four, if for whatever reason we cannot accomplish the desired outcomes the economic risk is limited structurally, because there are termination rights and off-ramps. So in summary, there is a big price with limited downside. So hopefully that helps you think of how we’re thinking about, sorry that lets you understand a little of how we’re thinking about it. We thank you for your support and we enter this new chapter together. Be well, everyone.
