Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. I'd like to start with a few words about government reimbursement. CMS released the preliminary 2012 reimbursement rule, which includes our first market basket increase, which was proposed at 1.8%. Also the transition adjustment, our bundle phase in tax, as we have referred to it, remains at 0 in 2011 and for the remainder of the 3-year transition period. Under the terms of the recently signed government debt deal, there is a scenario where Medicare rates to providers could be cut up to 2% a year beginning in 2013. This of course, depends on whether the super committee can develop an alternative proposal, which itself could also contain Medicare cuts. In other government reimbursement, 9 states have already reduced Medicaid rates this year, and California has passed a budget reducing rates 10% across-the-board to all providers. This California cut will likely be approved by CMS retro to June 1. We expect these Medicaid pressures to continue into 2012 as many states are looking at rate reductions and some are even looking to reduce or eliminate secondary coverage for dual-eligible patients. Also in the government front, the Veterans Administration is still seeking to recontract at lower rates. We continue to talk to the Veterans Administration in an attempt to come to agreement on mutually acceptable rates, which will likely be below our current VA rates. Now some discussion of our operations. We saw very solid trends in the quarter, reflecting strong treatment growth, improving revenue per treatment and commercial mix and solid cost controls. All this resulted in continued strong operating income and cash flows. Here are some specifics on the quarter. Non-acquired growth was 4.6%, normalized for days of the week, an improvement for 4.2% normalized in Q1. Dialysis revenue per treatment was up about $6. The primary driver was the Medicare transition adjuster fix. Also, we saw an improvement in commercial rates that were partially offset by declines in lab revenue following seamlessly higher lab revenue in Q1. It is notable that commercial treatment mix improved very slightly in the quarter. While this is good news, it is too soon to tell if this is the beginning of a trend. Commercial mix continues to be a swing factor, especially in light of the challenging macroeconomic conditions. Dialysis patient care costs per treatment was flat with the prior quarter, as increased compensation benefit costs were offset by seasonal declines in the payroll tax expense line. We took an after-tax noncash goodwill impairment charge of $14.4 million in the quarter. This is related to writing down the value of HomeChoice Partners, our Home Infusion business. We wrote down the goodwill because the performance of the business has declined over the past year, leading us to believe that at this point, the fair value of the business was less than our book value, thus, accounting rules mandate that we write down the value of the business. Despite this write off, we have seen some positive trends in the business. The business continues to be profitable and all of its growth has been funded with its own cash flows thus, DaVita has not made any additional capital investments beyond the initial purchase price. We still believe home infusion is an attractive market and HomeChoice is a well-positioned asset. Operating cash flow year-to-date was solid at $534 million. We continue to expect strong operating cash flows for 2011 and are raising our guidance range to $900 million to $980 million. In the quarter, we deployed $39 million on development CapEx, $70 million on acquisitions and additionally, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of stock worth $302 million, $25 million of which settled subsequent to quarter end. Finally, an update on DSI and international. On the international front, we are pleased to announce that we are now dialysing patients outside of the U.S. We are managing one center in Singapore and we have a minority stake in a company with 2 centers in India. As to the DSI acquisition, at this time we still expect to close in the third quarter. We're in the final stages working with the SEC on divestitures and they have determined that we will have to divest approximately 30 centers. We still expect approximately 0 net OI contributions from DSI in 2011 after transaction and integration costs. Operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Luis Borgen: I would say, no. We had guided earlier to about a $150 million operating income investment. Our best estimate now is it's closer to $20 million for the year and that is incorporated in the guidance for 2011, Justin.
Luis Borgen: There was nothing unusual on that. We do have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter in how the claims come in, and therefore, how much expense we have to book. But the patient cost per treatment was relatively flat as we had guided previously.
Luis Borgen: Yes, we did increase that by 25 basis points in the current quarter, and that's our new run rate going forward as we look at the portfolio and how those receivables were coming in. We thought it was appropriate to reserve at that higher level, which is about 25 basis points higher than the prior quarter.
Luis Borgen: Yes, it's a long revenue cycle. We're looking at a big portfolio. We're very thorough processing exactly what the right level is, and we determined this quarter that the 25% to the 25 basis point increase is the appropriate level to reserve that. But it is a very multiyear revenue cycle.
Luis Borgen: We -- our plan is to break those out next quarter once we firmed those up. We have very little that we've taken in so far, so not really material to the results.
Luis Borgen: The answer is yes. We've been very thoughtful about the range of outcomes for both '11 and '12 on that point.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I'll give you a general, the reason we raised guidance for '11 and '12 are the following: Obviously, we have 3 more months under our belt this year and we've experienced solid operating performance. We've had our improvement in NAG of stabilization in our commercial mix. The second factor, Justin, is that we have more clarity in our 2012 reimbursement rate levels. Part A of that would be obviously the elimination of the transition adjuster fix. And number two, we have a market basket increase of 1.8%. Those are 2 additional clarifying factors. And third is the change of the EPO label, we believe, will lead to lower pharma utilization levels as physicians respond to the new label. Those are the 3 main factors that led us to increased guidance for this year and next.
Kent Thiry: Our outcome -- our operating guidance assumes reasonable range of potential mix scenarios heading into the balance of this year and into the next. It was slightly positive in the quarter and that's how we can say. It's too early to determine that to be a trend.
Kent Thiry: Our second quarter G&A was up. It was due to various factors. One factor was international, which had increased spend for our plan through Q2. Another factor was the 123R expense. And the third factor was some increased spend on the legal and compliance area. Those are the factors year-over-year.
Kent Thiry: I think it's pretty impossible to handicap because employers are opposed for all the obvious reasons. They benefited from this unique subsidy for a long time. On the other hand, in the last 20 years, it's been extended a few times. So I think predicting in the current political and economic environment, a little bit of a fool's errand, it's not predictable. So it might happen, it might not happen. It might happen to some degree. Anybody's guess.
Kent Thiry: No. We are making no prediction. The Amgen knows a lot more than we do. Perhaps, for us, we wait and see what kind of prescription decisions our doctors make in light of the new label and any other emerging conversations and evidence. So for us, we're just executing on physician orders.
Kent Thiry: I don't know. I guess again, we can get in debate as to what material is or not. It's incorporated in our results. And of course, we have other private revenue which is bundled and some reductions in utilization benefit, our economics, and so it's 2 different numbers and I think we'll just leave it that they're incorporated into our results. And we're very glad that we bundled a lot of the business that we bundled over the last 18 months.
Kent Thiry: By that I mean, I just things like one-time changes in pharma utilization, things like that, as opposed to acquiring businesses or opening up de novos, which recur every single year and lead to incremental growth. Some of these other changes are recurring, but they only happen once.
Kent Thiry: No, it's a good base line. As we go into the year, we may give you some more detail on that, but it's a reasonable starting point for 2012.
Kent Thiry: It's a very fair question and we'll give the same answer we have given for about 11 years now, that every quarter brings its own unique analysis to what we should do with our cash and with our net debt position. And all the generic factors go into it. What business opportunities we have, what business opportunities we anticipate, what we think is going to be happening with the capital markets, what we think is going to be happening with the government. So every single quarter is unique and we think that's the way we can serve you best.
Kent Thiry: Certainly, they will have to divest some and we would hope that we would get a shot, don't know if we will or not.
Kent Thiry: I think the data suggests that there is an increase in the number of people interested in selling. But I'd have to go back and take another look and maybe somebody in the call will confirm it. We can come back and say that it's right. But if you look at now, the last 12 months compared to the prior 12 months, and then in particular if you compare it the last 24 months to the prior period, that the number of deals is up. And I've got a number of people nodding their heads up and down. So I think the answer is, yes, and a lot of that is because of the -- all of the regulatory uncertainty and pressures.
Kent Thiry: Yes, again, very fair question. I'm afraid our answer is going to be pretty worthless because we're so new at this. That while it is true, we would not have started in either of those geographic areas unless we thought there was a lot more opportunity. We're not nearly competent enough at it yet to start predicting exactly what's going to happen when. So we continue to feel very good about the growth prospects, but we always have to immediately follow that by saying, this is a long-term strategy and that's not going to start probably adding to shareholder value for quite sometime, and so the time will tell.
Kent Thiry: And we do think we earned the number. We don't think it was a fluke, and we've been working on nudging it up. And so it's an earned number. Having said that, we're not sitting around saying that it's in the bag, that it's going to stay where it is. So we're continuing to pedal away with a lot of intensity, and so I'm afraid we can't offer up any distinctively bullish point of view going forward. Although certainly, our point of view is embedded in the guidance we gave for '11 and '12.
Kent Thiry: We are always open to consolidating facilities when it makes sense. It doesn't happen very often, only a few times a year. In a lot of those instances, it's only because one center is quite old and would require a whole bunch of renovation. And so I don't see anything that's going to lead to any material increase in that happening over the next year or 2.
Kent Thiry: It's a fair wording of the question. It's much more of the second category for the first. It's impossible to predict, in some of these cases, not only what the resolution is likely to be, but when it's likely to be resolved and we just persevere.
Kent Thiry: Well, first of all, we talked about downward pressure when we're talking about Medicare. I don't know that we implied at all about any particular difference in what's going on in the private side. And on the private side, I would say that the pressure we feel there is the same that we've always felt, no more or no less. Some years we do better in fighting it than others, but there hasn't been any demonstrable change in that sphere in this quarter versus other recent quarters. And then I guess building on that with respect to geography, while there are differences in average revenue per treatment across different geographies, even though within every geography there's quite a spread of rates, nonetheless, the average rate per geographic area can be quite different. We have not picked up on any sort of systemic new trend in any particular geographic area.
Kent Thiry: With respect to Lifeline, we're still primarily a management model. And with respect to DaVita Rx, it continues to grow. It continues to have some profitability, and it continues to add a lot of clinical and service value for patients and savings for the taxpayer.
Kent Thiry: I don't think we've disclosed that. So if I do it spontaneously, I'll probably get lectured after the call. So let us reflect and see if we need to start parsing that out for you.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Maybe I'll preface the answer by just saying that there isn't anything that's economically material that is likely to happen in India for our shareholders for a long time. However, if you look 7, 8, 9, 10 years out, we think there is significant prospects for that, but it's a long time for all the reasons that you could list as well as us. Having said all of that, the answer to your specific question is it's a small startup company, and the primary owners of the company are experienced business people and they're running a couple of very high-quality centers, particularly in the context of the overall Indian reality. And some are looking forward to hopefully some very nice growth there, but it's obviously coming off an incredibly tiny base, and the revenue per treatment is quite a bit smaller than America.
Kent Thiry: Gary, could you run that one by us again? We're all a little -- we all have quizzical expressions on our faces on this end.
Kent Thiry: In other words, Gary, I don't think we have any single hypothesis about a particular change in the environment or our mix or our operating performance. It's -- and maybe one will emerge. Right now, all we have is that slight change in our aggregate outcomes reflecting, and therefore, leading to an accounting change. Maybe we'll be able to say more in another 3 months. But in the meantime, it was just clearly something we should do given the aggregate result.
Kent Thiry: Unfortunately, we've told you just about everything we know. It's very preliminary, and we're eager to get some time with these folks and find out more about what they're thinking and let them find out a lot more about practices and our compliance standards. But right now, we pretty much know nothing.
Kent Thiry: John, this is Kent. In our dreams, yes; in our plans, no. It may happen -- because of the 30 months rule and therefore, private payer's ability to have these patients shift to Medicare, their incentive to invest in the kind of things that could significantly save money and improve quality are really limited. And so, yes, we continue to talk with some people about it. But the fact that the patient base is so small, so fragmented and so short term means that they typically end up wanting to allocate their management resources to other tricky deals, not ours. I want to go back to the first thing I said. We have hopes, and we're getting better and better at proving how much value we could add on both the private side and the Medicare side every single year. But unfortunately, I don't think there's anything material and imminent for you guys.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think the only honest answer to that one is we don't know how they're thinking about that. And we do know that no one knew what was going to happen and that there was an incredible confluence of a policy change, meaning a move to bundling, and a whole bunch of new scientific evidence and new clinical debates and in many cases, conclusions. And so there was this totally -- not totally but largely coincidental confluence of major changes. And trying to separate out what happened for one reason and what happened for another reason is pretty impossible. And I'd also go back to saying no one knows exactly what they predicted. And I doubt that they could have had any basis for really making a prediction. So I think it's just unknowable. The fact is as long as Medicare revenue is less than Medicare expense, they've got to be very careful about cutting Medicare reimbursement because centers will close. And so independent of what's going on with any one variable, they've got to end up looking at the aggregate. And it remains the case that if it was only Medicare reimbursement out there, you have hundreds and hundreds, well, literally, thousands of dialysis centers closing. But a very fair question. We just don't know the answer.
Kent Thiry: Because there's some payers who don't want to bundle or don't have the ability to bundle, and they don't want to allocate the IT resources or operating resources to change to a new system.
Kent Thiry: Absolutely. And sometimes there's differences in data that you talked about bundling with someone, and they think they're paying a certain amount and we think they're paying something else because it's spread across different states and different billing systems and all the rest. And so even if you agreed conceptually on neutrality, so to speak, you can't achieve it because you have different definitions of what reality is. That will just be another real-world answer to the question that you asked.
Kent Thiry: Okay. I would say, yes. There are other areas where we've been able to innovate, and those successes or the expectations of those successes has been baked into our guidance which we discussed earlier. And this is also why at the top of the call, I talked about 1 of the 4 important government contextual factors being our desire in the increased chance of getting an even broader government bundle that will start to incorporate things like vascular access or some other items that are outside the current dialysis bundle. But we are confident that if we were given that revenue and that accountability, we could come up with better ways of doing it. And so yes, there are some successes and they're baked into the guidance. And yes, we hope the bundle gets broader yet, so we can do more of that.
Kent Thiry: That is true. But one big qualifier, most of the losses that you're seeing are not because we've got legions of people lined up taking care of a smaller number of patients in 1 center in Singapore and 2 in India. It is because of very high legal, regulatory and compliance expenses associated with getting started. So a whole lot of those expenses are not recurring in that sense once we get our local entities set up in a legal fashion, once we get our deal templates down. Now those nonrecurring, deal-related, legal-related and compliance-related expenses will go down. But at the same time, assuming we're adding a whole bunch of centers, the actual recurring operating expenses and G&A expenses will go up. But the good news is they'll be going up because we're running dialysis centers, not because we're paying a lot of attorneys for a lot of hours of work.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks to everyone for your attention to our enterprise. We were very content with the quarter, both in terms of its results and its momentum both clinically and financially, and we will do our best in the quarters to come. Thanks, again.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, clearly, it will depend on physician prescribing patterns and how they react to the label. But we don't think that estimate of 10% is out of line.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, and Justin, I think your question was more specifically to the other operating break out that we have in the supplemental data. That $25 million there was primarily the impairment charge looking in that line item.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Just one more clarification. The international operation for dialysis are in the Dialysis segment, they are not in the other operating lines.
LeAnne Zumwalt: What CMS means, the clarification that they believed it was no longer consistent with the new label, so that's their rationale, and we would tend to agree with that. I think the reality is that there will be a hemoglobin level and range that emerges over the next year or so as physicians adopt this label change. And we'll wait to see what that is.
LeAnne Zumwalt: None of the major, specifically. But clearly, our concern all along has been CMS adopt standard definition and account for lab variations and things like, which they've yet to do. So we'll have to continue to work with them to improve the methodology.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Unfortunately, it continues to be a challenge and we are continuing the dialogue with CMS to understand how they can help us obtain that data.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, with the changes in the label, I think we're definitely going to see some movement in hemoglobin, et cetera. The stat that we've historically provided is our percent of patients between 10 and 12, and that's remained really pretty constant this year at about 79% of the patients.
