Joel Ackerman: Thanks Javier. We had a strong quarter, despite the net headwind from our COVID response, primarily as a result of improved adjusted margins in our core Kidney Care business. Here are some specifics. Our non-acquired treatment growth slowed from 2.3% in Q1 to 1.6% in Q2. We believe the primary drivers of this decrease were COVID-related, as increased mortality and lower new patient starts were partially offset by a nationwide decrease in kidney transplants and lower missed treatments. We expect this net COVID NAG headwind to persist at least until this time next year. Total revenue was in line with our expectations as a result of lower volumes offset by higher revenue per treatment. RPT was up due to normal seasonality in co-insurance and deductibles and the temporary Medicare sequestration release, partially offset by lower calcimimetics revenue. As Javier said, while the long-term impacts of COVID remain uncertain, we did not see any net impact on our commercial mix quarter-over-quarter. There are a number of factors that we believe underlie this dynamic including among other things the job loss rate for our commercial patient population was lower than the national unemployment rate. Many of our commercial patients who were initially furloughed have since returned to work or expect to return to work. And finally we believe that our patients who were laid off have been enrolling in other commercial insurance such as COBRA and exchange plans at a higher rate than we have seen in the past. Adjusted operating income margin was strong for the quarter at 16%. On a year-over-year basis our margin expanded due to strong cost management across the P&L and an improvement in RPT. Calcimimetics contributed approximately $19 million to our operating income in the second quarter. Now let me give you some details about the impact of COVID on our financial results. For Q2 we estimate that we incurred expenses and other negative impacts on our operating income of approximately $85 million. Incremental compensation and benefits to our teammates was the largest contributor to these costs. Offsets in the quarter to the $85 million include among other things, decreased travel, lower health benefits expenses and lower facility and training costs. We also had the benefit of the temporary halt on Medicare sequestration that started in May. As a result of these offsets, we estimate that the net impact of COVID on our operating income for the quarter was between $20 million and $30 million. Looking forward to the second half of 2020, the impact of COVID is hard to forecast given the uncertainty and the progress of the virus and the economic impact. While extreme situations could occur that are beyond our range, we have incorporated a wide range of scenarios in our updated guidance including scenarios in which the net financial impact of COVID-19 in each of Q3 and Q4 could be similar to what we experienced in Q2. Let me next turn to our 2020 guidance. Given the strength of our first half performance, we are updating our guidance ranges. We are raising our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance range by $0.50 from $6.25 to $6.75. We are raising the guidance range for adjusted operating income margin to 14% to 14.75%. We're increasing our cash flow guidance $800 million to $1 billion, an increase of $200 million over our previous guidance range. We are maintaining our guidance range for revenue of $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion but we now expect to be below the midpoint of the range due to the anticipated slowdown in volume growth. On capital expenditures, we provided an estimated range of $700 million to $750 million. We now expect to come in at the bottom end of that range as the pandemic has delayed some project spending. While we will not provide specific guidance on 2021 today, I do want to highlight some of the larger anticipated headwinds and tailwinds compared to our 2020 non-GAAP adjusted operating income. Primary anticipated headwinds are the volume and mix implications of COVID. The primary anticipated tailwinds include the assumed lack of valid initiative defense costs and hopefully a reduction in net COVID-related direct impact. On calcimimetics, while we still need to wait for CMS' final rule later this fall, we do not expect for calcimimetics to be a large headwind or tailwind to adjusted OI. Finally on share repurchases. We had indicated in March that we are temporarily suspending share repurchases. We did not repurchase any shares during Q2 or during the month of July. We are carefully considering when to restart our share repurchase activity and will do so at the discretion of management and within the authorization provided by our Board of Directors. With that operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Hello, Pito. I'll take, Joel here. So if you take the middle of our range -- well again we're not guiding to OI but taking the middle of our guidance, I think you would calculate a roughly $175 million decline in OI from the first half of the year to the second half of the year. The three biggest components of that are the reduction in calcimimetics profits, which as we've talked about in the past most of our number are $40 million to $70 million. And by the way, that we do expect that number to be in the top half of that range. So most of that comes in the first half of the year. Second is the ballot initiative in California. We've talked about that as a $0.50 a share cost and that is primarily in the back half of the year. And then third, I'd point to COVID that while the costs associated with COVID could come down over the course of the year, the offsets would also come down. And we're using a pretty wide range of assumptions around what could happen in the back half of the year with COVID, but the back half of the year will have two quarters' worth of COVID while the first half of the year really only had one quarter's worth of COVID.  So if you put those three things together, you'll get the vast majority of that $175 million decline. Couple of other things I'd point out. One is there were some relatively small onetime things in the front half of the year that aided OI and those could -- and there could be some negative onetime things in the back half of the year. And finally because of COVID and potentially other dynamics there are some costs that we didn't incur in the first half of the year and we think those could show up in the back half of the year and that could be anything from G&A projects to facility maintenance and those would be the other two components that would get you to that $175 million adjusted OI decline at the center of the guidance range. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look there remains some uncertainty for next year, but there was certainly a scenario where the OI went to zero. So relative to that, we feel like we're in much better shape and I'd say 70-ish is a reasonable midpoint of the range. That said, I would highlight one thing that's important for the way we're thinking about OI going forward, which is we have called out calcimimetics as something that I guess, I'd call nonrecurring because of the TDAPA period and the nature of TDAPA reimbursement it is not permanent. As this enters the bundle next year, I would consider the OI that we are generating from calcimimetics to now be part of our core OI because it has permanent funding. It's a permanent component of the bundle. We're going to stop calling it out and in my mind it will become part of our core earning power of the business.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So there are three dynamics affecting mix. The unemployment question is one of them. So let me tackle that. And we highlighted three things. One is job loss in our population is lower than what we're seeing in the national averages. And we think that is because the employment mix or not exactly what to call it of our commercial population leans more towards things like government and education and less towards things like hospitality and travel. So the sectors that our employees, our patients work in have been less impacted by the economic effects of COVID. So that's number one. Second lot of the unemployment that we saw in our population was the result of furloughs rather than job losses and a lot of those have reversed. So those patients never lost their coverage and they're now back at work or they expect to be back at work. And third as our patients have lost their employer-based commercial coverage, they have worked hard to maintain alternative commercial coverage either through COBRA or the exchanges. And we're seeing that happening at a rate higher than what we've seen historically. That said, we don't have a lot of historical experience with exchanges, because the exchanges didn't exist, during the Great Recession in 2008 and 2009. So that's the -- that's why we're -- why we think, we're seeing less of a mix decline on commercial related to unemployment. I would also point out that, mortality is actually beneficial to commercial mix in the short-term, because older patients are passing away at a higher rate than younger patients. And government patients tend to be older and commercial patients tend to be younger. So that's helping. And then the decline in transplants is also helping. Commercial patients get transplanted, at a much higher rate than government patients.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So there's nothing in particular, I'd call out on either of those things. The -- there's -- I'd say, on the G&A maybe there's a little bit of a question on whether we're going to give some of that back in the back half of the year. And that's some of that half one over half two bridge that I put back -- that I pointed out at the beginning of the call. But there's nothing unusual that I'd call out other than that.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, ex-calcimimetics it's between $5 and $6. We're talking quarter-over-quarter RPT change. A lot of that is seasonal. And think of coinsurance and deductibles and some lower bad debt associated with patients flowing through those, that is by far the biggest factor. The other stuff is just some, I'd say, typical bouncing around of MA mix and commercial mix and a little bit of pricing. It's mostly a seasonal impact.
Joel Ackerman: I am sorry, Justin, just to be clear, the number I gave backed out the sequestration. So that $5 to $6 was without sequestration. Sequestration is worth about $1.5.
Joel Ackerman: I know, someone was going to ask me that. I think it was $0.50 although, I'll get you that exact number.
Joel Ackerman: No, I'm sorry. Ignore the $0.50 number. The RPT from calcimimetics went from $9.55 to $7, so about a $2.5 decline as a result of calcimimetics RPT. The OI, so the dollar number went from $35 million in Q1 to $19 million in Q2.
Joel Ackerman: I think it is a reasonable starting point, although, I think, you'll see that negative seasonality in Q1, you'd expect to see that next year. So don't use it as an annual run rate, but use it as a number for the next couple of quarters.
Joel Ackerman: So, Whit, if I were to try and to explain why the numbers are better than what we expected, first, it's all core margin. There's nothing unusual here. The business -- the core business is performing well. I would point to productivity being a bit better than we expected. Facility costs are a bit better than we expected. RPT is a little bit better, but that's offset a fair bit by volume being light. So, think of core margin largely driven by good cost management.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, I'll take that one Gary. It was related to shareholder litigation that's been hanging out there for a bunch of years related to CPA. Our view is what we did was appropriate, but to just clean this up and move on we thought it was worth settling this. So it's related to that issue.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. There's a bunch of noise associated with divestitures and some other things, but there is one big movement that I would highlight there, which is we had a bunch of clinics that we deconsolidated as of the first of the year. And those are treatments that we would back out of NAG, but we don't back them out of the treatment count. And that's worth I think about 50 bps of the difference.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I'll take that one Javier. So most of the action is on the U.S. side as you would expect, the number there is a bit of a lagging indicator, because it depends on when we get certified by CMS. If you wanted to think about a number that tracked more carefully with the decision-making and the CapEx number, it would be based on when the clinics are completed what we call a certificate of occupancy, and you'd see that number much lower. So for next year, I don't want to give a range yet, but you'll see that number come way down again. And I think going forward people want to understand how we're doing in terms of building capacity and being capital efficient. I think the development CapEx number is going to be a better indicator of that than the clinic number that we've disclosed historically. And that's driven partly by this timing issue. It's also driven by the fact that we're building more home-only clinics, which tend to be cheaper and aren't in the clinic count that we've historically disclosed. So the message is the de novo continues to come down as NAG comes down as we move more to home. There could be kind of an additional delay associated with COVID partly, because of a temporary decline in NAG partly, because it's just hard to build clinics in the context of COVID. But relative to the commitment we made around capital efficiency, I think we're continuing to deliver on what we said we would.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I am trying to remember, if there's anything in particular. We had a severance charge built in. It was about $12 million, and I'm trying to remember if that was Q1 or Q2. I'll get you the news on that.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We had -- thank you, Jim. I appreciate it. We had $10 million of positive foreign exchange in Q1 through international and that swung to a $4 million negative in the second quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think we've been pretty consistent with what we've said about Medicare Advantage, which is we don't see 2021 as this huge inflection point in enrollment. We think MA enrollment will continue to grow. It could grow a little bit faster next year. But we've just had a different view than others in the industry. We think a lot of our patients are happy with their Medicare fee-for-service coverage. There is some level of inertia. And we just don't see it being this massive uptake in one year.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think we're not going to get into the nuances of productivity changes on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I think the message we're trying to deliver is we continue to do a good job on cost management. It's driving good margins in the core but I don't think we're going to get into that level of detail. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Whit it is largely seasonality. I think we're seeing a little bit more seasonality this year because of some bad debt dynamics. But I would say about two-thirds of that $6 and your math is pretty spot on is seasonality. The balance is I'd say normal fluctuations. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. As patients run through their deductibles and their coinsurance and there are some other dynamics that play through in bad debt. That's exactly what it is. It's exactly what you'd expect I think. 
Joel Ackerman: Nothing else to call out. It was -- I think Justin asked me before is this a reasonable RPT to use to start your modeling for the rest of the year? And I think the answer is yes. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I mean that's part of the problem. But right now it goes into some kind of subjective attestation that they have proper network. And from our perspective of course what we're doing is keeping our radar up to make sure that the spirit of the law is adhered to. But we don't know how it will be enforced. 
Javier Rodriguez: I think it's fair to say that. Yes, on any given year you have renegotiations, but it's the same every year. Once in a while they overlap. But it is a fair assumption. At this juncture of course, we still have the back end of the year to do negotiations. And there is a big appetite from us and from the plans on trying to do something that is useful and creative to the system so that we take more risk and provide higher end services to the patients. So we're still in the conversations. We'll see how it pans out. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think the reality Kevin is that everybody is trying to do something constructive as it relates to this opportunity for the patients to have coordinated care. And so the plans and us are trying to see what risk appetite they have, what can our systems do, what can their system do, but both sides have big appetite to do something that's useful for this patient population. And so we'll see how that pans out over time.
Javier Rodriguez: I think it will take a little longer to play out because of the interplay of expirations and when contracts come up coupled with the fact that I don't know how COVID is going to impact negotiations. So if I had to guess I think it's going to take a bit longer than that.
Javier Rodriguez: And Kevin, I'll just add one point in case it's not clear for some. The reason why we don't have a precise number and Joel will give you a bit of a range is because CMS is going to adjust the amount with Q4 ASP and we don't have an exact number, we have an estimate.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin, I'd just like to state one thing an overarching important part that we've learned, and that is that in talking with our commercial patient, it has really reinforced how hard our patients work to keep their commercial insurance and how much they value it. And so that has been an absolute clear takeaway from this period.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me grab that one. The -- as you would expect with any population and anything new the information flow is wide in range from the people that are up to speed to the people that are completely uninformed on it. And what we're working really hard to do is to have totally unbiased and objective training, that is customized to each person. So you can look at it from your personal perspective, because what's good insurance for one person might not be good insurance for the other, depending on what you have as a secondary coverage, or what your family needs are, or where you are in your life. And so our main objective is for people to have a balanced perspective that are aware of their choices and actually gets them to pick what's right for them. And the knowledge base is pretty much all over the place.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes you're absolutely correct, Justin. So maybe I was answering a different question which is I think what I was answering is well you understand the sustainability of there's going to be macro changes. In the short-term networks, I don't anticipate anything major changing. I could be surprised, but I don't anticipate that. What I was answering is how it will change over time. And I thought that, by then we would not see how it will behave over an extended period of time.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I mean, I said differently you have some add backs, but you won't have a significant part of the portfolio or anything. And so that will play over time. And so you are correct in your assumptions that in the fall, we will have clarity. But as you know, you could be in the network in the fall and then a month or two later you can be out of network. So I don't know how much you can bank on that fall in network statement holding for the future.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think what I would say is what we said earlier which is -- and I think it's consistent to what you're saying. Yes, our business relies on that patient population in an incredible way. We have been very impressed with the passion that our patients have to keep their commercial coverage in one way or another. And as Joel said, there's a big distinction between furloughed versus permanent job loss and we have seen that a good chunk of our patients that are working that were furloughed are back to work. And then out of the ones that had permanent job loss, which the number again was less than we anticipated many have had alternative coverage. I think that, covers the whole spectrum there. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It's a great question one that we've talked about. In general, what we try to do and we've done a decent job is to make sure that we're talking to both Republican and Democrats because our issue goes across both sides. I mean, the biggest change that we can think of as it relates to the policy is probably one of tax and whether they're able -- if there is a Biden administration whether you also have the Senate or not will obviously be a big driver of tax policy. As it relates to health care policy, as you know, it is a -- as you said a much bigger lift to change and we will of course be a part of it. But what we want to do is continuing to push and advocate for our patients and for integrated care regardless of who's in the White House.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's a lot going on and we're very proud Gary of the cost management situation. So let me try to be as helpful as possible because there are several things. First a clarification yes on our health care expenditures our teammates just like everybody else used less benefits on non-essential care. So that is one. Number two our caregivers' sense of purpose was really passionate and so therefore we had less turnover because people felt that sense of obligation to take care of our patients. And so the combination of economic need and appreciating a job, while so many people were furloughed and lay off and the sense of commitment to our patients had less training expense. And then the last thing that I would say is that also there were some of our teammates that were COVID positive. And so what we ended up doing is having to have basically in some places like New York and others where staffing was really at a premium. And so when you cohorted centers, et cetera which is what you're alluding to earlier sometimes those shifts were not as inefficient as we anticipated, because those shifts tended to be more full than once anticipated. And so if you have a full COVID positive shift even though it's cohorted, it's not inefficient. When it's really inefficient is when you have one or two patients in it. And so the cumulative math compounded over the quarter and we were very diligent in trying to manage it all.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. We didn't break it out by payer class. But one of the things that we are very happy about the fact that missed treatments went down during this period, meaning that our patients who are taking the virus very seriously they were taking care of themselves and then we were able to take care of them outside of the hospital. And so, I would have to say that the math -- the way the math works that it was across all payer classes, but I don't know that with certainty because I didn't divide it by payer class. But in general, we were very happy to see that hospitalizations went down for our chronic population in a significant way.
Javier Rodriguez: So I think your question is the way that we get our patients change meaning if there's less crashers into the hospital and going into our center first. And the short answer is that we have not seen a change a noticeable change in the way that our patients come.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Kevin, why don't I give you a little of the variables? And then if you want to attest the assumptions you can, because there is an interplay of several variables. And so in essence what would happen in the quarter is mortality increase. And as we've told you, it skewed toward the more older population. The acute volume -- the acute treatments went down and that's obviously in our mind because of nonessential care being delayed. So we think that that is absolutely COVID related. The incidents of our new patients came down as we talked to our nephrologist -- we tend to think just in a high level "Okay your kidneys failed you have to go dialysis." But the reality is that it's more nuanced than that. That you have some remaining renal function and sometimes your nephrologist has a decision to make are you better off starting dialysis with some renal function? So that you do better on that therapy. And right now during the pandemic they're saying "Is it better to start you off a little later?" So we saw our new patient incidents decrease. We of course saw no visitors because of travel restrictions. And then we saw a decrease in transplants because obviously transplants were shut temporarily which in essence was an offset and so -- and then as we already talked about, we saw missed treatments go down so that it was also an increase to volume. So when we net all of that and we give you what we expect in the back end, our assumption is that over time this is likely to normalize except of the impact on mortality over time.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. And that would be all speculative. I'm just telling you what our nephrologists are telling us about their practices. And most of the practices for a little while obviously were shut down for the nonessential care that we're still rounding in the hospitals. So what we're anticipating now that we're talking to our nephrologists and their practices are back open is that they have not seen any dramatic change. And of course that's not scientific. We're just telling you what we're hearing from our nephrology practices.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes productivity will be interesting. Of course, some of the things will go away. People will end up going back to the doctor and our benefit expense will go back up. As it relates to training expenses and retention, I think that will be highly linked to the economy and how that's doing and how people are feeling about valuing their job and the sense of purpose that we're giving them. And so I think in general, you could say it would -- it could stay and then you could make an argument that it'll go back to what it was. But I think it will be highly linked to what the broader economy is doing and how COVID is impacting the time.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. What I would say right now, without getting into details is I'll just reinforce what I've said that our patients are very passionate about keeping their commercial insurance for a variety of reasons including their family coverage and some believe that it enhances their odds of getting a transplant. And in some instances it's, obviously, the cheapest coverage with the most flexibility. And so, they're making those decisions carefully as they know it impacts their life in a nontrivial way since they consume so much health care.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Let me jump in, because you have as much information as we do on this Justin. What we can tell you is we're roughly around 25% of the Medicare patients are picking, have MA in our population. You probably have a better number than I do, but the industry tells is around 35%. And so everybody continues to say, will it be more than 35%? Are we going to get to 35% in year one of enrollment? And what we've consistently said quarter-over-quarter is that we think it will be more gradual and we think it's more gradual for some of the dynamics that have been said today that there's a patient population that's uninformed. There's a patient population that likes status quo, and so don't underestimate inertia. If you say, well, even though there might be a better product for me. I like my product or I'm satisfied with my product, and many people just don't have interest in switching, because they fear the unknown. And so, we're just saying change for some are hard and we think that it will be more gradual and we could be wrong. But what we want to make sure is there's a time where there was a lot of people saying that the change was going to be very, very fast and it was going to be a quick ramp up. And while they could be right, we don't think that that's the way it will play out. 
Javier Rodriguez: I do not have the number in here, but Joel keep me honest that our number is roughly 50-50 on our growth for next year between in-center and home centers. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me thank you for all the questions and thank you for the interest in the company and let me finish with three statements. Number one, I just want to reiterate how proud I am of the care and the accomplishment of the team. They are working non-stop and it is a beautiful thing. Number two our core business is strong. And number three we continue to make great strides on our capabilities to advance the care continuum across home hospital and in-center. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Be well and stay safe. 
Whit Mayo: Okay. Is there any way to put numbers around either the COBRA or the exchange uptake? I mean, I presume you have a lot of data internally around your patients and their coverage. And I'm just sort of trying to wrap my head around the conversion rate into COBRA, because I presume that it's fairly high. So, I thought, I'd just maybe ask a little bit more directly the question. 
Whit Mayo: No that actually isn't the premise at all. I mean, I think the debate in the marketplace to be perfectly candid is that you have -- you're very dependent on your commercial mix and so people have been concerned. And I think my point is that a lot of these patients find that they have alternative options and a great number of them a high percent buying coverage through COBRA. So it was actually -- the premise was totally the opposite.
Whit Mayo: So when you say bad debt does this mean that patients have already run through their deductible? I guess I want to maybe understand a little bit more exactly what -- 
