Garry E. Menzel: Thank you, KT. Starting with Kidney Care. Non-acquired dialysis treatment growth in the quarter was 4.9% when normalized for days of the week. Profitability was up $6 million sequentially. Our international losses were $13 million for the quarter and we now expect those losses for 2014 to be slightly above $40 million. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $100 million in the third quarter. This is a good run rate for debt expense going forward. Our income attributable to noncontrolling interest was $36 million in the third quarter, which is also a good run rate going forward. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 38.7% in the quarter, and we now expect the full year rate for 2014 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40%. Turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows, as operating cash flow was $848 million in the third quarter and $1.88 billion over the last 12 months. This was unusually high due to: one, the timing of cash tax payments; and two, the timing of various working capital items, in particular a reduction in accounts receivable DSO, which we do not expect to repeat next year. We now expect operating cash flow to be between $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion in 2014, excluding any payments associated with the settlement with the government. We expect 2015 operating cash flow to be between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion, lower than 2014, but in line with our historical trends. The reason for this year-on-year decline is that 2015 will not benefit from the 2 factors that helped 2014: number one, the cash tax benefit related to our refinancing; and again, number two, the timing of various working capital items, in particular the reduction in accounts receivable DSO. As always, this guidance range captures the majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. Finally, some comments on capital deployment. Even after making the $400 million government payment last week, we have a very strong cash balance today. We are in the fortunate position of having various opportunities, where we may be able to deploy our capital in each of our business lines. We are constantly reviewing our capital allocation to make sure that we sustain the long-term health of the organization and achieve appropriate aftertax cash returns on capital. To put our historical practices in context, in the 5-year period prior to the HealthCare Partners transaction, we allocated 40% of our capital to acquisitions, 23% to internal development, 26% to share repurchases and 11% to debt repayments. We favor a situational approach to capital deployment and will continue to review our options. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q and A.
Garry E. Menzel: It isn't one specific thing, Gary. It's just a trend that we've had over the last 18 months or so, but it's not something that we expect to continue.
Garry E. Menzel: Yes, it's Garry. First of all, on the margin, you have to remember it varies by quarter because of a number of different factors: seasonality, there are nonrecurring items in there, there are government true-ups. And so I will point out, though, that across the year, we have maintained consistent cost trends.
Garry E. Menzel: So thank you. It's Garry. First of all, I do want to point out, we won't have $2 billion in cash at the end of the year. So I'll highlight that. Secondly, I think it's important as you listen to the call that whenever you enter into a period of uncertainty, which we are flagging today, that you do owe it to the shareholders to ensure that you maintain a strong cash reserve to go through that period of uncertainty. So that's certainly informing our thinking. And then, beyond that, we look at all of the opportunities that we have in front of us, both for internal development, both for acquisition growth, and then as you point out, share repurchases or debt paydowns. And we take a very situational approach with each one of those to determine what is the appropriate option for us to follow. I don't think we can disclose much beyond that, other than to let you know that this is something that we do, month-by-month, intensely study.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know that we have much to add because it really is driven by the stuff we mentioned, the absence of a Medicare increase for the second consecutive year. We did an awful lot of expense squeezing in the face of the first flat year and can't do that again with the same kind of return, and then just what's happening on the commercial pay side and some of that dynamics there. Those are the big issues. Those are the drivers. It's not a lot more complicated than that.
Kent J. Thiry: A fair question. I don't know that I can spontaneously do a good job of going back 2 or 3 years, but let's play with it for a moment and see if we can add some value. I know in these past 12 months, the concerns we had about exchanges turned out to be much greater than the reality. And so that was one very big dynamic and one very big variance. I'm trying to go back to the prior year and I'm just not sure on that one, Justin.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, very fair question. Maybe let me use an analogy. If you win the first 2 games of the World Series and you're about to start game 3 and you're up against a superb team that made it all the way to World Series, you don't look at the rearview mirror and say, "Well, we won the first 2 and therefore it's 80% probable we're going to win game 3." You say, "Against a tough competitor, you win some, you lose some, but you don't win them all." And I think we have to look at our never-ending battle, if you want to call it that, with private payers to say that, "Yes, we've been able to hold the line," in part because our entire industry needs to subsidize the government, and so it's a common plight. But whatever the reason, we've had a couple of good years. We just think it would be inappropriate to, therefore, by -- based on that rearview mirror, pretty view, get overly confident about next year. Separate from that metaphor, which I think is important, but beyond that, it is also just a case that there's a lot going on in the commercial sector and many of you are more facile in discussing it than me. But it's -- and players are getting more and more creative with what they're doing on benefit design. They're getting much more open to doing different things, with exchanges and narrow networks just being one example. And so when 10% of your patients drive, whatever, 115% of your profitability, I'm not going to get the exact number right, but the subsidization of the Medicare program is substantial from the private sector, that you've got to pay a lot of attention, because relatively small changes can wreak a lot of havoc in your year-over-year momentum. And so I would posit and we would posit that the world is different in '15 versus what it was in '14. And if you had to say, does it lean different harder or easier? You would lean harder. And in particular, for us, because the way it could show up is that not we lose rate, it's that we lose share to other people who are willing to cut rates. And that's something that we can't control.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'd say that we bake everything into our guidance. And trying to predict -- and especially the history in this arena, trying to predict when something, in fact, is going to be introduced and how it's going to be introduced and how it will be priced and how penetration will evolve is really hard. So I don't think we presumed anything particularly bullish or world-changing in that regard. However, we do think the fact that competition is highly likely in the near and intermediate term is a good thing for everybody.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We've taken it into account. But, again, while we're not sharing our different probabilistic scenarios and the math associated with the each, because obviously there's a range of outcomes and all the variables I cited before, that we are hopeful for a meaningful change. But within the time frame of 1 year, or 15, 18 months, we're not presuming that life is fundamentally altered in a dramatic way.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we do think that new entrants are going to have to offer lower prices to get penetration, just period. There's no 2 ways around it, and it's going to have to be significant. We also think strategically that Amgen is going to want to stay competitive, as they have in other countries around the world in similar situations. And so that all, directionally, is very good news. And at the same time, we just want to remind people that if the entire community realizes certain benefits from cost reduction that, ultimately, that will appropriately be reflected in Medicare reimbursement. Now since we're at a deficit, we still should come out ahead, because part of what Medicare hopefully will do is start to reduce the deficit. But the notion that they would let anything along the lines of what you mentioned just flow through permanently, I think that's unlikely.
Kent J. Thiry: It's doing fine, but it's so early that it doesn't mean so much. We've got a wonderful response from the physicians in the community. We're in high-quality conversations with a bunch of the hospitals. IBC and us and Tandigm are working very well together, but it's a little bit like the preseason. The real tackling doesn't start until January 1, so we don't want to get too excited about winning some of the preseason games.
Kent J. Thiry: We would be disappointed if we didn't do, on the HealthCare Partners side, 2 good new deals next year. And by saying new, that probably means in new markets as opposed to an additional one, an existing market. Anything done on those places will probably be less material. And then we're presuming that one or both of them could be of a similar structure to the ones we're doing now, where we are launching a substantial population health management initiative. And therefore, in the beginning, you've got operating losses, just like when we build a de novo on the dialysis side. So that's how we think those 2016 losses will emerge.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Fair question, Darren. And maybe we'll lay out more math next time. I don't think I'm well prepared to do that right now. But I would say international in '15 will be comparable to '14, with the ramp-up in Saudi and the rest of our growth, so that'll be comparable. And then, duals, I wish we could tell you exactly what that number is going to be, but we've got to watch that population very carefully, and we'll keep you posted. But right now, it wouldn't be right to speculate. And then, on the joint venture side, given they're so young, it's really hard for us to go very far in a satisfactory way because there's so many variables, and we just don't know. We can feel good about where it's going to be 2 years from now, 3 years from now, 4 years from now. But the notion that we can predict operating losses in months 1 through 15, that would be -- while we have our pro formas that we're managing against, there's a pretty significant range of possible outcomes.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. I think we have to get better at working with you on that, Darren, you and your peers. And I will not make any great progress in that area on this call today. And then, on the Centura, we cherish our partner's optimism, and they have far more experience in this market than we do. Nonetheless, our pro forma does not have 1.2 million lives in year 5, and so we would hate to have you bake that in. But we sure as heck hope they're smarter than we are.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. I'll be redundant and then we can go back and forth and see if we add some incremental value. Game 1 is just Medicare on both sides of the house. What are they going to do with rates? And in some cases, what are they going to do with certain architectural rules and regs that equate to significant math? But it's Medicare and it's rates. And then, second is this commercial side, just given how darn leveraged it is. And when there's so many things going on in that space, it's just a little nerve-wracking for us, particularly when it could come down to us, as I mentioned before, losing share out of our control because we can't run around offering discounts.
Kent J. Thiry: And the only thing I'll add to that is when we talk about times of uncertainty, mean logically that you should hold more cash -- very simplistic, obviously -- that's not just for defensive reasons. It's also in times of uncertainty that there's a way-above-average probability of offensive opportunities popping up. And so we're equally defense- and offensive-minded as we stare at that decision.
Kent J. Thiry: We hope you are right, and we will do our best to make you right. Please don't put anything in your model.
Kent J. Thiry: No. The way it works is we're negotiating contracts all year long, every week, every month, every year. And lots of times, a contract expires and people just extend it because the negotiations go on another month to 12 months. A lot of times, there's notice provisions and so they automatically renew for a certain period of time, but it's not another year. We have agreements that end every month of the year, even if they're 1-year contracts. So the practical reality is that we are negotiating with payers all the time. And often, it goes months past the technical expiration of the prior contract and we just -- everything is just held in the steady-state while the to-ing and fro-ing is going on. So there's never really a time when you say, "Okay, we've now sort of nailed down what's happening next year." I bet it's only a tiny fraction of our contracts that even have a January 1 effective date or renewal date.
Kent J. Thiry: The short answer to the question you asked is no. We're not positing any immense capacity adds. Having said that, incremental capacity is quite straightforward to add because you add a third shift or you add a Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday to your Monday, Wednesday, Friday. But more often, it's adding a shift or, in some cases, adding another station or 2 to an existing shift. So there's a lot of capacity that can be added quickly at relatively low cost. But that's actually not the #1 issue. The #1 issue is when private pay is only 10% of your patients, it doesn't take very many bodies to be moved to someone discounting before you materially affect your year-over-year contribution but don't put any serious incremental burden of capacity on the system.
Kent J. Thiry: We don't know all the details of what they did with Aetna. We know some stuff, and we certainly believe in integrated care and pay-for-performance. And so we're in those sorts of conversations as well, and we would expect FMC to be continuing to do that sort of stuff. And the good news in it is more and more payers are interested and willing to spend the time in actually going through all the hours of discussion and negotiation that are required. A few years ago, Kidney Care just wasn't high enough on the radar screen to get the attention to actually do more sophisticated contracts where everybody can win. So that's the community-wide good news inherent in announcements like that. And beyond that, I would just have to guess that we're both doing similar things.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We did have a situation, as we talked about and had an obligation to inform you of, where we had serious concerns about a competitor offering serious volume-related discounts, and that would affect industry structure in the way that shareholders would need to know about it. So that did happen. And then, second and totally separate, we've maintained pricing discipline, rate discipline. And we're willing to give up market share in order to do that, because it's very difficult to see a path where we're able to continue to innovate and drive the transformative parts of what we're about in terms of reducing total costs. We just can't do that without some margin.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks very much. I mean, I will add I guess one other point that -- because it's related to what we were just talking about with Lisa. That it is, our patients are uniquely discriminated against. American dialysis patients are uniquely discriminated against in 2 ways, that if their kidney has already failed, they cannot join an MA plan, which is an absolute terrible policy, because it robs them of extra services that improve health and save the system money. So it's an artifact, but a legitimate concern from 25 years ago that doesn't apply anymore, and we really hope it gets changed. And secondarily, our patients are uniquely discriminated against in that they, no matter how many years they pay private insurance premiums, because they wanted insurance in case they got quite sick, they're kicked off of it after 30 months. A situation that no other American faces. And so those are 2 policy areas where we do hope for change. And thanks, everyone, for your kind consideration, and we'll do our best for you between now and the next earnings call. Thank you.
