Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Jim and thanks everyone for joining our call. Before we get into the specifics of our Q3 financial performance and outlook, we'll start as we always do with our clinical performance. First within the DaVita Medical Group, the opioid epidemic, of course, is getting a great amount of publicity and appropriately so. Our Everett Clinic in Washington was recently awarded with the Washington State Medical Association's highest award for patient safety because of their work in this category. We had an amazingly robust program where we implemented pain scarring tools, risk assessment, urine screen and trainings supporting for providers. And were recognized by the community for the exemplary leadership that we demonstrated. Within DaVita Kidney Care, it's a good time to step back and stare at our cumulative accomplishment in the area of integrated care. If you look at the C-SNIPs that we've been involved with for 10 years or so, the outcomes are simply outstanding, just to name a few. 25% reduction in hospitalizations, 49% fewer readmissions, 66% lower CBC rates compared to the national average, et cetera, et cetera. And the recent ESCO data both from us and others further reaffirms the value, the potential, both clinical and economic, of integrated care. It is all relevant not only clinically for our community but for our shareholders as well because it seriously supports and reinforces the arguments for our PATIENTS Act where we'd build on these existing vehicles to really scale those integrated care accomplishment. As many of you probably noted, the bill was reintroduced with bipartisan support in the House and Senate in just the last couple of weeks. This proposal is scalable, it's sustainable, does not penalize high-quality providers like DaVita, and it gives nephrologist flexible and substantive participation options, more on that in the quarters to come. But now I'll turn it over to Joel Ackerman to discuss DaVita Medical Group.
Kent J. Thiry: Excellent question, and let me try to step through it in a reasonable clear way. If there was the same kind of acuity increase every year, then there wouldn't be any year-over-year delta or it'd be very, very modest because every year would benefit from the prior year's acuity increase. But in fact, that's not the case. This year, there was a differential increase in acuity. And so in fact, we did incur a significant number of incremental medical costs tied to that higher acuity. Just to give you one reason for why that happened, we did a great job of dealing with an unusually high percentage of our patients who had flu issues and an unusual incidence of serious issues within that flu population in the first quarter. The derivative benefit from all that extra care in cost is that you actually capture a lot of other acuity developments that you would otherwise not have because you wouldn't have seen the patient for significantly longer period of time. So that's just one analytical sliver of the larger picture. So this was truly a discontinuous incremental increase in acuity. We don't have any reason to expect there to be another one the subsequent year. To be honest, from a long-term point of view, we would be happy if it happened again because while you suffer a relative deficit in the first year it happens because you're incurring the cost and the revenue is deferred, on average, we keep our patients for a long time and do great work with them. And so the actual net present value of this type of change in acuity is seriously positive. However, in the very first year it happens, you're eating the cost and none of the revenue.
Kent J. Thiry: And, Justin, I'll take a stab at this. Number one, I would say that there's a dramatic difference in how this administration at least so far is approaching the issue versus the prior administration, which is to say a lot more listening and developing a much deeper understanding of the nuances and the complexities, both generally on the issue and with respect to dialysis patients. That's a good thing. Second, they're also, as everyone knows, way behind in staffing up and missing some key leadership spots. Put all that together, it is not that the item has dropped off the agenda at all, but perhaps nothing is going to emerge for a while. It's very difficult – impossible would be a better word – to predict. You are also correct that because a whole lot of plans are doing better in the exchanges now than before and throughout this entire period, more people are noticing that they were making very substantial profits in most of their other lines of business, while at the same time complaining about the exchanges that that pressure has also abated somewhat. So I want to repeat. It's still on the agenda, both of the plans and of the administration. And we can't predict when they're going to do something. But the good news is, it's at least from a process point of view, far more measured than before. And we just don't know what to expect. We will continue to advocate for our patients who, as we mentioned in our preparatory remarks, this aspect of the dialysis and kidney care ecosystem has existed very explicitly and very intentionally for 25 years.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first as to the question you asked at the front end of your paragraph, we understand that you and others must have a very dim view of our confidence when it comes to forecasting, and there really is no other rational perspective for someone to have at this point. Second, as to the question, are there other strategic alternatives other than selling everything? The answer to that question is yes. There's different options in every single market as well as in aggregate. Of course, at the same time, we also recognize our fiduciary responsibilities to you and your associates.
Kent J. Thiry: Whit, we're looking around the table here for a moment because none of us are feeling well equipped because we didn't know about this Friday statement and it's a fairly tricky area where you've got to be pretty damn precise. So LeAnne or Jim, do either of you have any ability to shed light on this, or do we just say we'll have to get back to you. We're not thinking we can do a great job, repeating stuff we've already said.
Kent J. Thiry: So it is acuity. What I would also remind you about us is given the nature of our business, we don't have the scale of the large payers, so we are rather localized. And while we are in six markets, we are dominated or we are heavily-weighted towards one market. And as a result, we don't have a diversification that some of the other larger managed care players you're talking about have.
Kent J. Thiry: And let me go backwards a second to the question about last Friday and CMS' comments. If their comments were precisely what we heard on this call, that would probably be a mistake by them. And if on the other hand, it was a comment they were making that pertained only to Medicare eligibles over age 65, it may not have been a mistake for them to say. So the devil is really in the detail on this. And we look forward to staring at it. And we'll follow-up with them if there needs to be any clarity. It is also not unusual for that population to just in general, lean philosophically towards Medicare for everything. And many of them think that Medicare should be the only program that covers all Americans, period. And so to have some sort of implicit bias is not at all surprising or new. For it to be explicitly decided as procedural guidance would be another thing entirely, and so we'll look into it, and thanks for bringing it up.
Kent J. Thiry: And let me just add that one of the fundamental architectural flaws in ESCO is – that rebounds to everyone's detriment is the open-ended black box of rebasing. And what this does is makes the long-term returns highly uncertain. And what that does is dramatically reduce the amount of transformational investment that people like us and FMC and others are willing to make to drive truly breathtaking improvements in the system where everybody would win. And so this is related to the answer to your important question of what can you expect from the ESCOs downstream. On to you, Joel, for the other question.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, I'm not intimately familiar with what the AKF does, so we'll have to follow up. Second, there couldn't be anything more explicit and more public than provider funding of the AKF in the entire pantheon of American health care, and it's how it's been for 20 years. It's how the government approved it, consistent with criteria the government set down. But I cannot opine on exactly operationally how that comes up. I also know that the overwhelming majority of payers, a huge percentage, I'm not going to get the number right, but overwhelming majority probably understates it are continuing to process charitable premium assistance claims in the same way they did a year or two or three ago. And so whatever tiny subset of reality you may be discussing, I'm just not familiar with, but feel free to follow up with our team. But on the broader frame, the other statements I've made are highly, highly relevant.
Kent J. Thiry: We're going to stay away from giving a specific number on that. Some of that is still playing out over the balance of the year. So we'd rather not give a number.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. So we said last quarter, and we're sticking with it, something in the low 30s of OI, excluding the onetime stuff.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. So what's implied in our guidance is in 2018, we will get to breakeven. When during the year we get there and whether not we'll be breakeven for the full year really depends on the acquisition pace over the remainder of the year in 2018, but we believe we will get there at some point during the year.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Then thank you all very much for your continued interest. We will do our best. Thank you.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Kent. Good afternoon. For the third quarter of 2017, DaVita Medical Group had an adjusted operating loss of $5 million, which excludes a $601 million non-cash goodwill impairment and other non-GAAP items. Before I discuss the drivers of this disappointing outcome, let me start by saying that we recognize that the business is not achieving our capital return expectations nor is it contributing to OI growth. We recognize the skepticism investors will have right now as a result, but we remain confident that the operational changes we are making will result in improved financial performance in the future. As a reminder, this business has a disproportionately high amortization load, $45 million for the quarter, which includes roughly $7 million related to the acceleration of our branding initiative and depreciation of $16 million for the quarter. Therefore, this quarter's adjusted operating loss of $5 million translates into an adjusted EBITDA of $55 million for the quarter. The outcome this quarter is primarily the result of two drivers. First, higher than expected medical costs, which represents about $30 million of impact. This is largely of the result of two things; increased utilization, driven by higher patient acuity than we have seen in the past; and by true-ups of prior period costs that impact our shared savings result. We anticipate the higher acuity seen during the year will result in increased revenue of approximately $30 million in 2018 as the new diagnoses of these patients will be reflected in our 2018 reimbursement. Second, the finalization of prior year Medicare Advantage payments, which we have historically received in the third quarter, was delayed by CMS. For your reference, this was a $13 million item in 2016. Despite this underperformance, we continue to make operational progress on the four drivers of improvement we laid out at our Capital Markets Day. However, the financial impact of these operational changes have yet to show up in our results. Of particular note, during Q3, we announced the restructuring that eliminated 350 non-clinical positions in DMG. We expect the resulting annualized savings to be approximately $40 million per year starting in 2018. Looking forward, we now expect full year 2017 adjusted operating income for DMG to be in the range of $50 million to $85 million. We plan to give 2018 DMG OI guidance in February on our fourth quarter earnings call. While we're not giving specific 2018 guidance at this time, we expect that DMG's 2018 operating income will be up from 2017 adjusted operating income for several reasons. First, we expect $40 million in savings next year from the recent restructuring, as I just mentioned. Second, $30 million of revenue increases that reflect the patient acuity increase, as I mentioned before. Third, we expect to benefit from four risk contracts that have or are near signing in our new markets. Finally, we've been making progress in re-contracting with payers in our legacy markets and have signed or substantively agreed with payers on improvements in terms covering approximately 25% of existing Medicare Advantage risk business. Overall, we're optimistic about our ability to drive increased revenue per member per month in 2018. We expect all of the above should more than offset the 2018 Medicare Advantage rate headwinds we have previously disclosed. For 2019 operating income, we continue to see reasonable scenarios that deliver operating income greater than $200 million through the four levers we discussed at our May Capital Markets Day despite the reduced expectations for 2017. Now I will turn it over to Javier Rodriguez to discuss Kidney Care.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Javier. For this quarter, adjusted international operating losses were $8 million, which includes $1 million foreign exchange loss and excludes higher equity losses of $6 million due to goodwill impairment at the APAC joint venture and restructuring charges of $3 million. This restructuring charge is related to a reorganization of our international operating structure to improve efficiency and reduce our G&A by eliminating some redundancy across the global, regional and country level. We expect this restructuring to save approximately $6.5 million per year in international cost starting in 2018. For full year 2017, we reaffirm international OI guidance we provided last quarter. Looking forward, we continue to expect to reach breakeven internationally during 2018. As we said last quarter, whether we achieve breakeven for the full year of 2018 will largely be a function of our acquisition pace for the rest of 2017. As mentioned in Capital Markets Day, we're building a solid platform for growth in our international businesses. Finally, some comments on cash generation and capital deployment. Operating cash flow was $553 million in the quarter and $1.56 billion year-to-date. Cash flow continues to be strong despite the adverse impact of a temporary increase in DSO of four days over the last two quarters due to the following; as a reminder, one day of DSO translates to approximately $30 million in operating cash flow. So the four days were the result of three things. First, receivables inherited in the Renal Ventures acquisition, which contributed about 1.5 days; second, delays in submitting claims from centers impacted by the hurricanes, which contributed another 1.5 days; and third, normal fluctuations, which contributed one day. We expect our DSOs to decline three to four days over the next few quarters as we work through these items. Separate from these short-term DSO increases, we have also seen a structural increase of dialysis and lab DSOs of approximately three days over the past year due to changes we have made to our collection processes. These include changes to our billing processes for government payers, anticipating changes in regulatory requirements as well as changes in billing frequency for certain commercial payers to reduce collection costs at the expense of a slight increase in working capital. We continue to expect operating cash flow for 2017 to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. Now, over to Kent for a few closing comments.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes. So first, it's not normal course. It is something that we set out intentionally to do and accomplish this year, which we haven't done in the past. In terms of the second question about what exactly we're doing, it's I think the simplest way to think of it is increasing the percentage of premium that we are keeping relative to the percentage of premium that the payer with whom we're contracting keeps.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So look, we have been thinking about the performance of the business for quite a while now. The decision to eliminate this many positions is not one you can run into quickly. There are puts and takes when you make decisions like this. And now is the point where we thought some of the operating changes that we had made had been established well enough that we could handle a change like this within the business without it hurting the overall operating performance.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Sure, Justin. It's Joel. We're, in general, not going to comment on our individual purchases over a given quarter or a month, but let me give you a little color about how we think about this. So in general, we like to use both open market purchases or 10b-18 purchases as well as planned purchases, 10b-51 purposes. They have different advantages and disadvantages. The open market gives us flexibility on a day-to-day basis to decide whether we want to buy or not depending on the stock price than anything else. The challenge there is the window does close at times, and we obviously can't trade when the window is closed, so that removes certain flexibility. The 10b5-1 solves the window issue, but it locks us in over a protracted period of time and we can't respond based on all the other factors. So we use both. When we do 10b5-1s, we tend to lean towards more complex plans to try and think forward about what's likely to happen, ensure that we're buying at opportune times. That said, there can be unintended consequences of the complexities of our 10b5-1 plans.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm going to leave it where I did in terms of the general guidance without getting into any of the specifics.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: And then I just want to follow-up on the question you asked on the SIs in international. We don't guide in particular line, so it's included in our broad range.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Sure. So as you think about the goodwill impairment, there are many factors that go into that calculation. And while the performance in 2019 that we talked about is certainly one of them, there are many others, some more short term in nature. So while they certainly are not disconnected, there are a lot of things that go into the goodwill calculation other than our thoughts about 2019.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Appreciate the question, Kevin. A couple of things. As you know, next year, Medicare reimbursement is only going up 0.5 and for every percentage point is roughly $40 million. So when you have that line not going up and you have the labor pressures that we have and the cost structure moving up, you just have some compression there. So the range that we gave you is consistent to support that.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. We are on the high-end of the range, but we are – so that number did hold up. And as it relates to 2018, we expect the economics to stay in the same range as they did in 2017.
Javier J. Rodriguez: No doubt about it that 2018 is not where we want to be. And 2019, the numbers are looking better, because we have the Medicare reimbursement and we have some visibility into other items that will look better in 2019 over 2018. We will, of course, work very hard to beat the number we have. But that is the right number to do at this juncture. And as I said, there's three big variables that we're going to get visibility into shortly here with open enrollment and in the cost of MEDICs. And so we will do our best to perform on those metrics.
Javier J. Rodriguez: This is Javier. Basically, we went through and reviewed the best way to do billing. We had a new billing system, and we changed some policies and procedures. So there's nothing from a regulatory perspective at how we're doing internally.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question. On the pharmacy, it is a clinical story. And so when you look at the research and you look at the quantity of prescriptions that our patients take, so on average, a dialysis patient has 10 prescriptions and takes about 20 pills. So one of the big advantages is that we can consolidate and we could really help the patients on adherence. And then, of course, as you know, we did that business bottoms-up, so we didn't deploy a lot of capital. And so it's been a clinical story that's actually been an acceptable return on investment. So that's how we think about it.
Javier J. Rodriguez: I think what I gave is as far as I want to go, which is our portfolio is in what I'd call a normal state with a lot of our contracts being stable on the large account and the normal fluctuations of the small account. And that's as far as I'm going to go today.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes, I probably shouldn't have gone there. When I said it, I cringed. So unfortunately, you were paying attention at every word I said.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah, well, I'm not going to regret and go further on that, but it's fair to say that I shouldn't have said it.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. No, I get where you're going at, and this is obviously are we compressing margin. And if so, would we deploy capital in a different way? And so we are, of course, evaluating our capital deployment. And if the returns do go down, what we would do is, of course, we'll operate our centers at a higher utilization and so would everyone else. But what we have to look for 2019 is, number one, we wouldn't have the 401(k) headwind. And number two, Medicare is going back to normal increases. And so that will be a nice tailwind, back to normality on that.
Javier J. Rodriguez: First, let me take the ESCO question. I don't know how precise we were in the numbers, because the reality is that we are big supporters of integrated care, because we've done it for quite some time. And we know that when you have the comorbid condition that our patients have that it just makes sense that someone that is a quarterback of healthcare through all the transition, and when you have access to them for 12 hours, that you can bend the cost curve. So that being said, we were happy with the progress we made. We also have to highlight that it's a small population, so that number will fluctuate over time. And so it's going to be a bumpy up and down, because of the small size.
Javier J. Rodriguez: There are two main things in the fourth quarter. We have an escalation of benefit costs as the teammates run through their deductibles. And we have historically a higher G&A during the period. That explains the bulk of that difference.
Javier J. Rodriguez: I am not sure of that. Let me look around. I think the bulk of its flushed through the quarter, but I'll verify here.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. We are still assessing a couple of the centers, but the numbers should not be a meaningful number right now. And the number that they just gave me for the fourth quarter is in the range of $2 million to $3 million, Justin. So...
Javier J. Rodriguez: It is not built into the guidance, so that is correct. I don't think we would – from an accounting perspective, it wouldn't called out as a one-time charge, but we would view it as in year non-recurring, how's that? So we would tell you what that number is so you could carve it out.
Javier J. Rodriguez: The numbers are all over the place, and these campaigns can really go up and down. So it's really hard to give you a number, Justin.
