Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you for your interest in DaVita. I've got four headlines before we let JR and Joel take over. Headline number one of course is the Prop 8 victory, but I'm going to let Javier talk about that primarily, certainly excellent news for all of our stakeholders. Number two, regarding the sale of DMG, we continue to work together with Optum to close the transaction in 2018. However, as most of you will recall, we did execute an amendment earlier this year to extend the termination date in case we do not meet that timeline in light of the ongoing regulatory approval process. Number three of four, the quarter did have some unusual expenses, which Joel and JR will go through in some depth. So they do not get in the way of your ability to evaluate the ongoing strength of the business. And finally, fourth headline is, as you net it all out, it's a solid operating quarter in what has been so far a solid operating year. And then, finally before we go into all the different detail and synthesis, we are first and foremost a clinical caregiving company. That is what comes first and so consistent with our tradition, we'll always talk about a clinical accomplishment at the top of the call. We're going to broaden that slightly going forward to include either a clinical accomplishment or an improved patient experience. And what I'm going to talk about right now is more in the latter category because so far this year-to-date, we've added on a net basis 1,300 more PD patients, peritoneal dialysis that is, people that can take care of the dialysis without coming into our centers. Now this does not always lead to improved clinical outcomes, in many cases those clinical outcomes will stay the same, but for many of these patients, it's a tremendous improvement in their quality of life, because of the scheduling and physical mobility that they pick up and so that's our patient experience story of the day. Javier, please take it over.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah, very fair question. First, with respect to the CPA legislation that the SEIU was involved with, there was only one plan that worked with them. Now that's not to say that there aren't a lot of other plans that don't like charitable premium assistance period for dialysis or anything else. But since our patients are so much more identifiable and so much more expensive, it's an easy poster child. So, while it is true that the insurance industry as a group doesn't like it, with respect to that one piece or sort of predatory legislation, there was only one plan that really worked on that pretty much at all which was actually rather interesting. Now moving on to the question beyond establishing the context, I think, it's a fair idea to take another run at trying to sort things out. Historically each time we have and said let's try to work out our own compromise and our own code of conduct that both providers and payers will agree to. We just haven't gotten much take-up, and so I think it's a fair idea. But the most likely outcome is that everybody is going to wait for the regulators decide. And as you know, it's been quite a long period of time now and there's a reason for that, it's pretty complicated and you could hurt a lot of patients pretty quickly. And so folks are appropriately hesitant as they try to sort out the truth. So we're still in that state where they could make a decision of some sort in the next month. They might not make a decision for the next year. And we'll take under consideration this notion of once again trying to see if there can be an industry compromise.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thank you for the questions and let me try and take them one at a time. I'll take them in reverse order since that's the way I remember them. On home, we have 11% of our patients on PD and about 2.5% on HHD, so about 13.5% over both modalities. On the second question on ARA, have we seen any change in the competitive landscape, the answer is no to that. And on the third one is there anything in particular that we should call out on the commercial trend? We don't see anything that's worth calling out.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Justin, on that we're trying to be helpful and obviously know that these words are not comforting. It's slight decline and again our negotiations look the same. Seasonally adjusted Q3 always has a little change because Medicare enrollment opens up and so that's going on. But other than that we had that small shift that I already outlined to lower paying plans. There's really nothing else to call out.
Kent J. Thiry: Justin, I'd just add, it has proven to be a more difficult process than we contemplated and perhaps that's obvious given the length of time it's taken. But just to eliminate any ambiguity that has been the case.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah, I think it's a very fair question. And let me take a good shot at and feel free to continue probing that, with the payers, I think the visibility of charitable premium assistance, which is not that big a chunk of our profit, the visibility has overshadowed the fact that we're doing lots of great highly aligned work with a lot of payers, including some who have very strong feelings on charitable premium assistance from a policy point of view, but it's not preventing we and they from making big strides on implementing aligned value based care propositions. And so, I think there the visible activity is pretty inconsistent with a lot of the invisible activity in ways that would make you feel much better. And then I would also point out that in Congress, we've probably never been as well-situated and aligned and in a positive spot. And with CMS, I'd say we're in pretty much as good a spot as we've been for much of the last 15 years. And so, the sense which I think I would perhaps have too if I just looked at the newspaper headlines that a bunch of things have trended negative is misleading once you are more on the inside. With respect to the unions, which is the one group where I can't point to any sort of silver lining, it's pretty difficult to have a constructive relationship with a group that starts out day one, doing the things that they have done, it's pretty difficult. And we talked to an awful lot of people who have had dealings with them and emerged quite negative on a whole bunch of levels and for reasons that were consistent with what we experienced, and so that one unfortunately got kicked off in a very zero sum way by them. So, I think it's a very reasonable concern. I think the non-visible data would make you feel a lot better. And with respect to CPA, I would repeat that the person who spoke earlier, I think they were right that it's us taking another run at some sort of reasonable compromise is a good idea.
Kent J. Thiry: And perhaps LeAnne – Lisa if you want to call tomorrow or something we can provide the exact number of sponsors that may have lost, but given we're up at about 195 with an almost perfect half D and half R split in that we did retain the leaders, and we do have relationships with some of the senior house folks. You'll see that the net answer is supported by the numbers that we're still in very good shape. Although the bad news is that there's always just a lot of things going on and a lot of noise in the system when there's a change in power because they've got a pent-up agenda, so that's bad. On the other hand, the other side of that sword, the other edge of that sword is that they typically are absolutely hyper to get some stuff done, and that's good for us because we are such a bipartisan idea that's sitting on the shelf. So you can kind of argue that one either way. Then on MSP, the way we look at it, is we were thrilled that we've kept that one in play enough so that it made it into the house version of the opioid bill. Unfortunately the Senate bill didn't need any savings, didn't need any pay fors, and so it lost the tailwind and the impetus that comes from that. So the right way to interpret what happened there is that, it's good news that it still has a place on the shelf and a lot of people know about it, that it's sound policy that actually generates savings. At the same time, we never say that we're optimistic that it's going to happen anytime soon because we know that business and private insurance companies always oppose it. So it's never going to be a lay-up.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thank you all for your interest in DaVita, and we will work hard for you for the next three months until we talk again. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Let me jump right in. I will discuss four topics today, Prop 8, calcimimetics, team and an update on guidance for 2018. First on Prop 8. Let me start with the obvious. We are pleased that Prop 8 was defeated. This was the right outcome for our patients, California and the entire system. We thank not only the California voters but also the entire coalition of over 160 members that worked hard to defeat this union-backed ballot initiative. The broad coalition included the California Medical Association, the California Hospital Association, the American Nurses Association of California, the American College of Emergency Room Physicians and California Chamber of Commerce to mention a few. In pursuing Proposition 8, we believe that the SEIU-UHW abuse of ballot initiative process and displays disregard for patients by putting the union's organizing objectives above access to life-sustaining care. Unfortunately, we do not anticipate them stopping their efforts. We expect this to cause us to spend considerable resource opposing these types of initiatives over the next years. While it's difficult to forecast we're assuming an increase in our baseline spend of $30 million per year on general advocacies plus whatever incremental spend is necessary to counter the specific initiative. Now on to calcimimetics. In the third quarter, both revenue per treatment and cost per treatment declined slightly, so is essentially neutral to operating income. We continue to expect the net impact of calcimimetics to be a mid-single-digit margin before our indirect cost to administer the drug. This excludes any short-lived benefit that may come should generics enter the market. Third, I want to pause and take an opportunity to recognize the professionalism and the dedication of our team, whether it's the California campaigns or the recent hurricanes, our caregivers have stayed committed to delivering life-sustaining therapy. We're proud of and inspired by them. Lastly, let me provide guidance for 2018. For our annual adjusted operating income guidance, we're narrowing the range to $1.5 billion to $1.25 billion. This guidance is at the low end of the range we specified last quarter. There are two reasons for this. First is, we spent $20 million more for advocacy, but we feel great about the results. Second is $23 million for a change in our executive, retirement policy which Joel will discuss. We also would like to – the context of the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year, that guidance was $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion excluding advocacy, because that was such an unprecedented variable and quite distinct from ongoing operation. So if you want to put the updated guidance into context, you would add $95 million to the updated range yielding a $1.595 billion to $1.62 billion. In other words, we will be at the high end or above the original guidance we provided last year. So no matter how you cut it, it was operationally solid quarter and a solid year-to-date. Now, I'll hand it over to Joel for financial details on our results.
Javier J. Rodriguez: And Justin, while I've got you on the guidance question, I was given a piece of paper that said that I did not say the right guidance range, you probably picked up on it. The guidance range should be $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion. So my apologies for that.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. Thanks, Kent. There is obviously a lot of noise in the volume. We are seeing it in the lower end of the range or below the range. And so there's nothing that we can tell from what we have the data had several years of lag. And there's several dynamics going on with upstream diseases like hypertension, diabetes, what's going on with mortality and transplants. So, unfortunately, I don't have anything that could be useful on that. We're seeing the same things that you are.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. So the valuation adjustment is the result of our need to evaluate fair value every quarter. And based on our update of the various inputs including the transaction itself, risks, timing, the performance of the business et cetera, we booked this valuation reserve. As far as timing is concerned, look this is a complicated regulatory process but we continue to work hard with Optum to close the transaction in 2018.
Javier J. Rodriguez: In terms of changes to the deal, the only changes that have been made have been the termination date.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. On RPT, a couple of things. Let me start off by saying we're not seeing anything unusual in our negotiations. Number two, we have seen a slight decline in commercial mix and a small shift toward lower paying plans, and so – but one would ask the question what can one take into the future, what are the trends, and unfortunately on that one, there is no clear trend, so there's nothing that you can take forward at this juncture.
Javier J. Rodriguez: We don't have any insight into it but yes they're shifting towards exchanges and lower paying plans.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Sure. I'll just add one point, John, and that is that we agree with you and that our DNA is very partner-oriented that we want to be leaning in to take as much responsibility of the patient as possible. We believe that our clinics are the natural place to be because we have essential care for 12 hours with a diverse set of caregivers. That said, back to Kent's dancing partner, the payers have a unique dynamic in dialysis in that they really only have about 1 in 10 patients. And so therefore, they fail to see that we are one of the most, if not the most, efficient caregiving model out there. So if you look at our revenue per treatment weighted average across all of it at $300 and change for four hours of life-sustaining therapy, it is incredibly, incredibly efficient and a gift to the system. But the constraint is because of MSP limits the timeframe on commercial, that puts all kinds of restraints on doing these bundled deals, and if we had normal mix 70-30 like everyone else, it would allow for a lot more of this. And instead the payer wonders how long they're going to have a dialysis patient, and we get a little of the sort of the noise around the fact that our patients are chronic and therefore expensive. So those are some of the dynamics, but to your point, our DNA is all around partnering and trying to put a solution to this.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thanks, Javier. Adjusted operating income from continuing operations for the third quarter was $314 million. Let me walk you through the components; first growth, our treatment per day growth of 4% and normalized non-acquired growth of 3.3% continued to be at the low end of our long-term guidance range. On revenue¸ RPT was down $3.75 compared to Q2. Approximately half of the decline is due to the non-recurring Medicare bad debt recoveries from prior periods in the second quarter of 2018. Approximately, 20% was due to a decrease in calcimimetics revenue, which as a reminder had a similar decrease in cost. The remainder is due to other normal puts and takes with revenue. G&A cost increased significantly in the quarter due to two items. First, $45 million in advocacy spend, a $32 million quarter-over-quarter increase. This is in the dialysis and lab segment Q&A (8:45). Second, approximately $23 million non-cash charge for modifying and accelerating existing equity awards due to the adoption of a retirement policy on the treatment of equity awards held by executive officers. This is in the corporate G&A segment. For international, our adjusted operating loss in the quarter was $4 million. We continue to expect to achieve break-even adjusted operating income in Q4 2018, excluding any foreign exchange gains or losses. Now our cash flow, which has remained strong and enduring. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was $362 million for the quarter and nearly $1.2 billion year-to-date. We continue to expect operating cash flow from continuing operations for the year to be $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. We also expect CapEx for continuing operations for the year to be consistent with the approximately $925 million we mentioned previously. On to share repurchases. Through September 30, 2018, year-to-date we repurchased approximately 16.8 million shares for approximately $1.15 billion, representing more than 9% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. This includes approximately $71 million of stock repurchase since our last earnings call. We made no repurchases after the end of the quarter. For the third quarter, our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations was 41.4%. For the full year, we now expect our effective tax rate on income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations to be between 30.5% and 31.5%. This is as a result of the increased advocacy spend and the adoption of the executive retirement policy. Now I'll turn it over to Kent for closing remarks.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So Justin, Joel here. Your math is right in terms of where we're running pretty much consistent with what we had expected, bounces around a little bit but no real changes there.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So, I guess, I would start with kind of the 2018 guidance we've given you and then you'd really want to normalize for a bunch of things. So there is advocacy, which we've talked about, this retirement policy change, there's the Medicare bad debt which showed up in the first half of the year; and then two other things I'd call out; one is DaVita Rx which we've called out as a headwind in the back half of the year of $20 million to $35 million and the third was a one-time good guide from DHS of $17 million at the beginning of the year which we also called out.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We're limited on what we can kind of say from an FD standpoint – not from an FD, from an accounting standpoint about adjusted OI. But yes, I agree with your math.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, so look we guide to a range for a reason there. There are fluctuations as you would expect and as we look at those, we're comfortable with coming in at this $1.5 billion to $1.525 billion, I don't think there is anything specific that I would point out.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. The impact on OI is not significant, I think the net impact on NAG is maybe 10 basis points which is an uptick from Q3 2017, offset by some hurricane impact in this quarter, but nothing significant.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I don't – I'm just stumbling on the math a little here, Gary, and I apologize for that. My recollection was after you adjusted Q3 and Q4, OI are about flat.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Gary, we're going to do a little math here, while it keeps going and I'll just clarify that for you.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Hey, Gary, let me just clarify on your question before on Q4 over Q3. So if you take Q3 add back the advocacy and the retirement in the quarter, you'd come up with an adjusted number. And then if you'd compare that to Q4 and add back advocacy in Q4 as well you'd show Q4 being about $30 million ahead of Q3.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So no changes to what we've said in the past about capital which is $925 million for the quarter coming down next year. And we anticipate that continuing to happen and looking forward, we are looking for ways both short-term, as well as long-term ways to make the business more capital efficient. That said nothing specific.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Oh! I'm sorry, $925 million for the year, I'm told I've said for the quarter, I apologize. But yeah, we are looking for ways to make the business more capital efficient over the long term, but no specifics to update you on with that.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So, what we've said is in the second half of this year, we would lose $20 million to $35 million for pharmacy. We still are looking at that range, so you'd have to back that out as a tailwind for next year.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. So obviously we're not going to give specific guidance here, but I think you can kind of step back to our guidance at the beginning of the year. Think about the increased advocacy spend, which will not all be not tax deductible, but most of it will not be tax deductible and that should help you get to a reasonable estimate.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It's at the high end of the range. You know, the tax code was pretty new when we put out that range. A lot of things got clarified over the course of the year and that's really what drove where we wound up in the range.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Our leverage wound up at 4.29, which is way above the range we've historically talked about. We've always been comfortable going above or below the range for various reasons, but we are further above than typically feels comfortable. And I think we've tried to communicate that was kind of a pre-buy in anticipation of the DMG deal getting done, and we're – I think it's safe to say we're slowing down as we get to that higher end of our comfort around leverage.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Look, there are always things that could impact that, but I think you're in the right general ballpark.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, as we said, look, the regulatory process is ongoing, it's extensive, it's live and unfortunately, we just can't discuss the details of the process.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We're not comfortable I think sharing any of the details. So, sorry about that, but it's hard to see that thing constructive to the process, and I think everybody's working hard. Everybody, the government, Optum, we are all working hard. And it's just taking every bit of that work and more.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, look, we are working hard to get this deal closed in 2018. It is a complex process. And with that, I just don't think we want to speculate about the hypotheticals. We're trying to get this done in 2018.
