Javier Rodriguez: Well, I’ll let Joe talk about the numbers in a second but let me just start by saying the way we’re talking about it internally in the company is that we are no longer going to speculate to how this is going to behave because we have been so surprised over time. We all had such hope when the vaccines came out and then when the boosters came out. And of course, it has resulted in a milder hospitalization and mortality but at the end of the day, I think we can all now accept that no one can speculate where this is going. Our hope is that it does become less impactful in our business and eventually, it’s something that we can deal with in the normal course of business, but that would not be a prudent thing to assume. So why don’t you go ahead, Joel, and talk about what we’ve built into the number. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, those conversations are playing out in real time. But the reality is that as you know and we’ve talked about for some time, our contracts tend to be longer term in nature. And so the bulk of our contracts are not up for renegotiation. So we’ll have to, of course, assess how inflation behaves over time when each and every one of those contracts comes up. And so right now, there, let’s call it in, and what was negotiated previous to seeing this ramp up in inflation. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, if we think about it for the year, I would say we would expect growth to continue to be strong but not as strong as we saw in 2001. 
Javier Rodriguez: No, no, no. If it was entirely clear as to this whole notion of why we don’t want to go back to this baseline because it’s so far. So just to put a finger on something that we are all experiencing is travel and entertainment, which we of course, are one quarter over another, you could say we used to have a run rate, as the world actually changed in travel and entertainment, it is going to be completely different. Then we had benefits, which we told you we had a run rate, but the benefits have changed and the run rate. So that’s why it starts to get a little harder to go into that and, as Joel said, we want to go now into sort of, let’s call it, the new normal and go off of that and so hopefully that made sense here. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, Pito, I’d point to two tailwinds. One is the final Medicare fee for service rate came in at 1.9%, which was above our estimate and the second is, we got partial sequestration relief for the year, which is about $25 million. So those to offset those and you wind up with a net $35 million decline. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so the patient count is relatively flat. In terms of the underlying drivers that drive the new to dialysis admits, we really haven’t seen any changes there. It continues at the pattern that we saw pre-COVID and there are really only two dynamics if you’re looking at treatment count or treatment volumes or treatments per day between Q3 and the end of the year, and that’s one the continued excess mortality that we talked about and the second is the dynamic of missed treatments. So that if you’re asking about the pipeline of new to dialysis patients, that remains quite healthy. 
Javier Rodriguez: It’ll depend a lot on missed treatment rates. I’d say, for the -- actually there’s one other dynamic we did make an acquisition in Q4 and that was almost for 1000 patients, a little -- about 750 patients. So that that adds to the dynamic and that’ll help Q1 as well. But I’d say for the course of the full year, we are -- based on the COVID numbers that we built into our forecast, we’re thinking of treatment volume growing somewhere between 0.5% and 1% for the year; obviously, as COVID plays out, that number could vary. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think that the number hasn’t changed, Pito, so it is the 50 just to clarify, incremental 50. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, not yet, Pito. Remember, in the first year, we generally drive no revenue. So it’ll really be sometime in 2022 where we’ll start to get see that playing through in the financials. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, the home penetration rate was in the low 15% range. Home grew about 3% in the year versus in center, which shrunk 2%. So our continued path to grow home and be a leader in that modality continues strong. We’re not guiding specifically on that number for next year. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so I would say the following. First, you’re pointing out that labor and COVID remain big uncertainties through 2022 and potentially 2023 is spot on. That said, the uptick that we’ve talked about in 2023, at Capital Markets Day, remains to be something -- remained something that we’ve got a lot of confidence in. And if I had to bucket them, I’d say the easier things that we can anticipate driving in ‘23 over ‘22, one would be the ballot initiative going away, right, we don’t have those in odd years; second would be IKC will start seeing revenue in 2023 from the big cohort of patients that are being added in 2022; third are a number of cost initiatives that we have that we are implementing across the P&L. So those are the, I’d say, ones that we’ve got a lot of visibility on.  The one we have less visibility on is the COVID unwind. We continue to believe that as COVID moves into the background in the future that will be a tailwind for us. It’ll be a tailwind for us uncertain cost items but most importantly, it’ll be a tailwind for us on patient growth. So our views on those have not changed and if I had to put a number on those, I think you could add those up and easily get to a $200 million opportunity that we’re going after and that would be over and above the normal growth we would expect in a typical year. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, it will depend on the timing and we don’t profess to have a crystal ball about COVID. We wanted to be crystal clear about what we built into our forecast and obviously, it could be better, it could be worse. Depending on how the timing plays out in 2022, there are different scenarios about what this number could look like in 2023. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, thanks for the question. It is a little higher than normal, although we always have some center closures and consolidations, etc. I think the best way to think of footprint is we have three lenses. The very first one is of course, access to patients, ensure that patients are safe and have the right access. The second lens would be what is the mix of home and in-center and how that changes over time. The third is utilization, which is we’ve had, of course, because of this excess mortality, we’ve had some utilization decrease. And then the last is sort of you think of the local market dynamics. And so we want to be really careful and want to be very thoughtful that if you were going to say what’s the net takeaway is that we continue to think that we will build less to de novos and more home centers over time. 
Javier Rodriguez: If you look at our utilization over time, we actually started to grow less pre-COVID than we had COVID. So the compounding of that actually has our footprint having less utilization than we’ve had historically. And so we’re just -- and then you add the dynamic of home growing and so that’s what we’re doing. We just want to make sure that we have the right modality in the right market and so we continue to assess that at every market. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. And the consistent thing that the patients are really valuing choice of keeping the commercial insurance. It has really demonstrated through the pandemic resilience in value of the patient wanting to keep their insurance, and then the excess mortality coming, as you said, from a bigger number of Medicare patients. 
Javier Rodriguez: Oh, sorry. I thought you were done, Gary. The number is immaterial and it’s actually offset on the cost line items. So it’s basically a service that we offer to our patients because it’s good and convenient for them, as opposed to thinking of it as an economic one. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so quickly, on the MA, it’s a little north of 42% of our total Medicare patients are on MA. On the labor side, it’s generally wage inflation that we’re talking about.
Javier Rodriguez: No, we do but we’re pretty good at that being kind of short term. So I think we’re answering to be as helpful as possible, as you’re saying, is this a good stepping stone to go into the future and the fact is that that it is, even though we’re struggling. One of the things that we do and when we have labor shortages is sometimes leadership, which is fixed salary, we’ll step into the floor, because we have a lot of our facility administrators that are nurses. That’s not something we want to do for a long period of time, it’s unsustainable, but that’s very helpful when you’re short staffed. So there’s a lot of dynamics, as you know, and interplay when you’re looking at staffing, but I think if you were going to say what’s the bulk of that number, it is inflationary in the wages.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think COVID, of course, creates some air pockets as it relates to growth and we’ve talked a lot about during the call, excess mortality. So if you were going to step back and look at the mix overall, in the last couple of years, we’ve basically gone from a little over 12% to 15% of our patients being in some kind of a home modality. So the modality was driving double-digit growth for quite some time and then COVID occurs. And so what happened during the year, we were between 2% and 3% growth during the year but then again, our in-center shrunk. And so the modality is still thriving, people are still picking it, we continue to create the best home suite out there, surrounding patients with all kinds of things so that they can get on to the modality. As it relates to training, of course, COVID has added some challenges and then also COVID has had some tailwind in the sense that people say, gosh, if this happens again, maybe I want to dialyze at home. Still it is not an easy answer but hopefully those trends give you a sense of the appetite for the modality. 
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your interest in our company. As you can see, like many other companies, the short term is a tough one with the macro landscape being quite complex and dynamic, in particular, in the labor markets. That said, hopefully, you hear from our voices that in the long term, we continue to build a differentiated capability and then we are very positive on how we are positioned to deliver integrated care for our patients, deliver world-class outcomes, and bring savings to our payers. I would be just remiss if I don’t finish by saying that this is all possible because the resilience, the passion, and the dedication of that DaVita team that wakes up every single day to deliver life sustaining therapy. So thank you for your time and we’ll talk again next quarter. Be well.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Sarah. So as I think about how COVID impact will play out going forward relative to a wave like Omicron or a wave like Delta, there are a whole bunch of impacts that COVID has across the P&L. And what we’ve said and remains to be true that there are a lot of offsets in everything, except the excess mortality and the net impact that we expect from COVID will largely be the net impact of excess mortality. What you see with Omicron is, while, yes, it is it is a milder disease, because it was so much more transmissible, that it’s still led to a big wave of excess mortality. We saw that in Q4. We’re continuing to see that in Q1. So as I think about different variants and how they might play out going forward, I think net-net the question is what’s the impact on excess mortality.
Joel Ackerman: The OI headwind by quarter, I’m going to do this off the top of my head, it was in the 30s each of the first two quarters, so mid 30s, 55 in Q3, and then 80 in Q4. And I’m getting thumbs up in the room, so I got it, right. 
Joel Ackerman: No, no, Justin, let me clarify before before you go. What I said in the script was that the excess mortality in Q1 was going to be at least as large as what we saw in Q4, so that’s about the mortality. Remember, in terms of COVID impact, excess mortality has a cumulative effect. So adding another 1100 deaths or more, you would add that to what we’re seeing in the quarter. There are other dynamics, of course, but when you just focus on the excess mortality, which is the dominant dynamic, you’d expect that number to go up a bit. 
Joel Ackerman: That sounds a bit high and I think that’s really a function of two things. There were a significant number of missed treatments in Q4, which has it -- is a temporary negative impact of COVID. That would -- we would expect that to go down. And second, there were some non-recurring labor components to the COVID impact in Q4 as well. 
Joel Ackerman: It’s embedded in guidance. I think, as we think about COVID impact, we’ve spent the last seven quarters calling it out on a cumulative basis. As we get further and further away from the beginning of COVID, it gets harder and harder to estimate what the cumulative impact is. The baseline is -- we’re so far removed from the baseline that it’s hard to talk about the cumulative impact. So we’re thinking about what -- the COVID that’s baked into the numbers as effectively the new normal from which we’re going to go forward. We’ll continue to talk about the impact we see quarter-over-quarter, but I think we’re going to move away from talking about it as a cumulative number. 
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, at the end of the year, which is the most recent number I have, Justin, we were at 42.3% on MA. And I think that’s the latest one we want to show you.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, thanks, Pito. On the dialysate, in particular, it is contracted, so no is the answer to that one. 
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, it’s interesting. We were just talking about that because, of course, there has been a bit more turnover and we’re working on how to get training to be a bit more efficient and effective, but the bulk of the number will stick with us. 
Pito Chickering: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Let me take my questions here. Drilling down into the OI guidance for 2022 were down 35 million. Did I hear you right that there’s an additional $50 million in labor costs versus the Analyst Day. And then you have to have the more COVID -- excess mortality than you’d expected and you now assume 6000 excess mortality, that’s in 2022. It seems like a lot of headwinds versus your guidance of laying down 35 million, so just wanted to understand what were the tailwinds versus your previous guidance. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then on the IKC, I think at the Analyst Day, you guided to sort of 50 million to 75 million of incremental costs in 2022. On the script, I think you said, 50 million. I just want to see if the economic costs for IKC are -- have changed versus what you told us at the Analysts Day. 
Pito Chickering: And then to Justin’s question on the dialysate supply shortage, is there any inflationary cost pressures, if you have to hit a spot market to get the dialysate required or are those under those contracts? Thanks so much. 
Pito Chickering: Yep. So to assess [phonetic] that differently, if you guys hadn’t taken your excess COVID mortality of up to 6000 that probably would have been almost a delta between the guidance you provided at the Analyst Day versus today. 
