Kent J. Thiry: Thank you, Jim, and welcome to all on this call. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. Therefore, I will start, as always, with some of our clinical results. CMS recently released the latest five-star results for the kidney care community in April, in fact, and the industry mix of four-and-five-star centers increased from 41% in 2015 to 53% in 2016. It says wonderful things about our community overall in terms of improving care year after year after year. In addition, DaVita's mix increased in the same period from 42% to 56% and we still long for the days of yore when there was a forced curve for these rankings, but very happy with our leadership position with respect to the current system as well. And if we hasten to add and remind people that these improvements in quality of care are not only good for our patients and their families, but they're also great for the taxpayer and that they lead to improved health and reduced hospitalizations. Now onto the three summary points of this call from a pure business point of view. JR will talk about it in more detail, but the quarter, as many of you have no doubt already observed was a strong one for U.S. Kidney Care. Second, the DMG sale process continues to progress on track. And third and finally and equally significantly, we deployed significant amounts of your cash towards share repurchases. I'll come back a little later with another thought or two, but now over to Javier for U.S. Kidney Care.
Kent J. Thiry: I think that's fair. And I'd also point to the $17 million from the DHS as a non-recurring item. So if you really wanted to normalize, you'd take out both of those.
Kent J. Thiry: I think, right now, we don't have visibility of that because the best way to think of it is we've had some operational changes in where it goes and what line item. But clinically, we're not seeing any change of yet, so hard to predict what you're asking.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know. Kevin, this is KT. We have been a leader in growing PD and HHD for the last decade relative to most of the community, big or small, for profit or not for profit. And so, it's been a significant part of our last decade. It's had an impact on de novo decisions and CapEx decisions, et cetera. And so, we are continuing to consider it as one of the very important variables in making regional strategic decisions. And so, maybe it's a slight change, but it's actually just pretty darn consistent with what we've been doing for a decade, and we're going to maintain the same intensity level going forward as far as to where we are today compared to ten years ago.
Kent J. Thiry: I'm going to take a stab at it, Justin, although there's a lot of puts and takes, of course, but I think the primary point that we made last quarter or last quarter and the prior quarter was that we had an unusual and positive level of long-term stability baked into five out of the six largest contracts we have. And so it was more about the stability at what we think are reasonable rates. That was a distinction from much of their prior year's history.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. I don't think we want to start giving answers on specific percentage changes, given we're always involved with all sorts of negotiations with all sorts of payers. And again, the point we made, which was a positive one for shareholders, was about the longer-term nature of a lot of the contracts, especially the big contracts, and at rates that we think are reasonable and fair. So those were words we hadn't been able to say for the prior year or two or maybe even three. And so it was good for you all to know that. But we really have never gone quarter-by-quarter or year-by-year talking about weighted average commercial increases, because that then can get in the way of our negotiations.
Kent J. Thiry: And on PATIENTS Act, it's just really hard for all the reasons you know to guess what might be available as a vehicle. There's certainly going to be some legislation that passes before January 1, 2019, because they have to do certain things, although sometimes they seem to be able to avoid doing even what they have to do. So I say that without total certainty but certainly very high probability, and we'll be competing with other people for whatever vehicles exist. And whether that's in the second half of 2018 or the first half of 2019 is just pretty difficult to handicap.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time, attention and questions. And we'll work hard for you in between now and our next quarter. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. The first quarter was a good start to the year with solid operating performance in our Kidney Care business. Aside from changes in calcimimetics, which I will discuss shortly, it was a pretty straightforward quarter operationally. Normalized non-acquired growth was 3.4%. Net revenue per treatment was up slightly excluding the positive impact of calcimimetics and the additional Medicare bad debt revenues of $24 million, open enrollment in commercial and ACA plans were stable, and we had good performance in operational cost and G&A, offset by the increase in our workforce costs and seasonal payroll taxes. Now for some detail on calcimimetics, starting in January of 2018, this class of drug was included in our Medicare reimbursement on a cost-plus basis. This is our first transition of a drug class from Part D to Part B reimbursement. The transition introduced significant operational changes in our clinic, billing and contracting teams. We spent the second half of 2017 developing processes and systems and training teammates for this change. While it is early, I am encouraged with the transition to date. As you know, there are still several open matters, in particular timing of when the generics to be introduced, physicians prescribing patterns between the oral and injectable product, and the future transition of calcimimetics into the bundle. Now, let me transition into union-backed initiatives we are facing. These initiatives attempt to cap reimbursement by ignoring the costs actually required to operate a clinic. They have already led us to cancel and postpone new clinics in California despite the need due to an already high capacity utilization in the state. If the initiatives were to pass, we believe a legal or regulatory intervention will be needed to prevent negative impact on access to care for this vulnerable patient population and could have a broader impact on utilization of hospitals and emergency room resources in the state. To counter these initiatives, the dialysis industry and other healthcare groups are working together and have hired experienced advisers. We're committed to advocate and represent the voice of our patients, our teammates, and our shareholders, and do what is necessary to educate voters on the risks and flaws we see in these initiatives. Finally, I know you're looking for us to handicap the outcome, but at this juncture, it is difficult to predict. I will note, however, that if the ballot initiative fails, unfortunately, it is not likely to end the union's corporate campaign. Now moving on to policies that benefit patients, we continue to be excited about the prospect of transforming patient care in the dialysis industry through the PATIENTS Act. We have an unusual amount of bipartisan support in both chambers of Congress with 178 co-sponsors. While it will be a significant lift to get this transformative legislation approved this year, we believe we have a real shot. During the quarter, we made progress on other important issues to the kidney care community, including legislative provisions that authorize private accreditation for dialysis providers, which could lead us to open new facilities faster in certain states. We also got reauthorization on Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plans, including C-SNPs, which have been set to expire January 1, 2019. And lastly, we also have now allowed PD and HHD patients and their physicians to substitute two of the three monthly in-person physician visits with a telehealth visit, which we expect to facilitate growth in the home modality. These are all good steps forward for patients and providers. Now, on to Joel for financial details on our results.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. Kevin, this is Javier. I've gotten the question asked by many people, and the reality is that we don't know exactly what they're going to do since there's not a lot of details out there. As you know, we've had intense competition in the past, and we are working hard and we will do so to compete effectively going forward.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Okay. On the last one, and I think I'll let Kent talk about the policy point. Let me just take on the acute. We have worked very hard in our acute business to make sure that we keep pricing discipline and we work hard to stay profitable. We win and obviously sometimes we lose accounts, but the business continues to be a good contributor for us. And this high flu season actually had some give and takes from our center into the hospital, but it is a good business for us.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. Thanks, Justin. As it relates to the letter to the Secretary, I would just say that it is normal for the new Secretary to get involved and for some of the people to try to respin-up the story because of their special interest. We, of course, have responded, and the AKF has responded because that letter has a lot of misleading allegations and a lot of things that had been debunked by the community, just factual things that need to be debunked. So in general, we have not heard back from them, but we know that the counter-response that the American Kidney Fund letter has on their website is very, very good and very clear. And so we're happy at the response, and we have not heard whether they're engaged. The other thing that's important to consider is that the numbers speak for themselves. The individual market medical cost attributable to ESRD is just lower now than the group market. And so what that means is that the risk distribution is now in favor of the plan. And so the numbers speak for themselves that there's no there-there. And so I'm hoping that when they look at the facts, they will reach the same conclusion.
Javier J. Rodriguez: I think, Justin, you're talking about SB 1156, the Senate Bill, which is again a payer and a union with a different agenda and trying to put some kind of restriction on CPA and sort of the typical thing that we've disclosed where the payer is wanting to avoid coverage for the sick, and the union is trying to lever the dialysis industry. So what we're trying to do is obviously, work with the legislation to educate them. And this bill is more extensive than dialysis, not just the AKF. And so we will be working with other constituents to make sure that legislators are educated.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I think the beginning, Kevin, is – where you started out is the right way to think about it, which is in aggregate, it'll be economic neutral to slight positive, and there would be a temporary up if generics come out. So, that's probably the best way to think about it.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's $41 million. It's $24 million plus $17 million. But I think you're thinking about it correctly that these are non-recurring, not...
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Justin, as you know, we don't guide quarterly on mix. What I can sort of state because it feels so important is that we are in a normal environment, and in the past quarters we tried to give you a little sense of what that meant in our portfolio. And right now we're in a stable period, and that's reflected in our revenue per treatment and in our guidance.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: There's nothing that I'm – that I would give you additional detail. How's that? It's embedded in our guidance.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Those were non-recurring settlements with one of our clients. And so they don't reflect any sort of ongoing profit flow. And that's why we used the phrase non-recurring. So that reflects some good business success, but it's not a regular operating result. It was more a negotiated result after the first phase of a big project.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So, Gary, I said it would be up about $1, which is Q1 2018 over Q4 2017. That's backing out calcimimetics as well as the Medicare bad debt recovery.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It's a very small startup operation, Justin, with disproportionate expenses relative to its business base. And so there's going to be ups and downs and puts and takes. In the context of the broader enterprise, they're going to be really tiny. And so it just, I think, makes sense to call it a neutral, and then we'll wait and see if at some point it starts to generate numbers that are worthy of your attention.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I'm sorry, Justin. My comment was about increasing capacity utilization, not about increasing capacity. So it actually would not require any marginal CapEx.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So I appreciate the question. I know exactly where you're coming from. It is just too early for us to speculate on if this initiative will be successful and at what magnitude.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. Justin, we're not going to speculate on timing and process and methodology for the share buybacks. We're committed to the buybacks as we've talked about in the past. How exactly those will play out is very hard to predict.
Justin Lake: Yeah, Joel. Basically, what I'm asking here is if you do $1.5 billion in operating income, right, Kidney Care income, I need to back $47 million out of that to think about the right jump-off rate for growth in 2019, because that $47 million is not going to recur next year.
Justin Lake: Okay. And then getting back to the SEIU and, Javier, I know you said they're coming on multiple avenues, so maybe we could just talk about a couple of the other ones. The SEIU and some plans joined to send a letter to CMS on patient assistance. Curious if there's any feedback from CMS here on their thoughts regarding their willingness to reengage here.
Justin Lake: Got it. Got it. In terms of, Joel, you gave us some helpful numbers in understanding what your true economic CapEx was, and I really appreciated that. You mentioned you're evaluating opportunities to lower CapEx. You talked about center construction cost by adding capacity. I assume you mean you're going to increase capacity at existing centers? Meaning almost knock down a wall and put another set of chairs in there, relative to building an entire another center? Decreasing...
