Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I will walk through a few factors driving our strong performance in the second quarter, starting with treatment volume. In the second quarter, U.S. Dialysis treatments per day were up by approximately 0.3 percent sequentially. This is the result of continued census gains in the second quarter, driven by an increase in new to dialysis admits. Mortality remains higher than pre-COVID levels, but came in lower than Q1 and in line with our expectations for the quarter. Our mistreatment rate continues to be elevated relative to historic levels. Revenue per treatment was up $10.59 versus Q1. Approximately half of this increase was the result of seasonality, primarily due to higher patient responsibility amounts in the first quarter. Approximately $2 came from normal expected rate increases and continued increases in patient mix. An additional roughly $2 was the result of strong cash collections in Q2. As Javier said, we have been investing in improvements in our revenue cycle management systems and processes and are beginning to see the benefits of these efforts in both RPT and DSOs. We were anticipating these improvements, but they came earlier than forecasted. We expect these benefits to persist in the back half of the year and going forward. As a result, we now anticipate year-over-year RPT growth to be 2.5% to 3%. On a non-GAAP basis, patient care cost per treatment decreased 1.5% sequentially. While base wage increases remain high, we have successfully reduced most of the temporary compensation measures we relied on during 2022. At the end of Q2, contract labor has returned back to pre-pandemic levels. Operating income from our integrated kidney care business was approximately flat with Q1. The quarter benefited from positive prior period developments in our special needs plans and the timing of expenses that were delayed until later this year. For the full year, we now expect IKC adjusted operating income to be approximately flat to 2022 operating income loss of $125 million. Regarding our clinic footprint, in Q2, we closed or consolidated 16 centers in the U.S. bringing our year to-date U.S. closures to 36. We continue to assess further facility consolidation and closures during the back half of the year. Regarding capital structure, we ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of approximately 3.7 times EBITDA and did not repurchase any shares during the second quarter. Our capital allocation strategy remains focused on capital efficient growth, a target leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times EBITDA and the return of excess cash flow to investors through share buybacks. Given our increased guidance for the balance of the year, we have increased visibility towards bringing our leverage level back within our target range. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Joanna, if I were to kind of give you the pieces of what drove $70 million of increased guidance, that's middle of the range to middle of the range on OI. I'd say about half is the RPT, as you called it out. The other half is volume. We saw stronger admissions this quarter and the nature of volume is it's cumulative. It'll never really kick in any one quarter in that big a way, but as it accumulates, stronger in Q1, stronger in Q2, and we see it better in the back half of the year. For the full year, we think that'll contribute about half of the $70 million. Contract labor, it continues to improve, but it's now pretty much in line with what we were expecting. And as we said in the prepared remarks, it's really back down to pre-COVID levels, and hopefully it won't be much of a topic going forward.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Andrew, thanks. So on the seasonality, no, it was a little bit more than $5 per treatment, which is right in line with what we've seen historically. In terms of collections, look, we have invested in our processes and in our technology to get better information and to give better information to the health plans on everything from prior authorizations to other data required to claim submissions. And that's both the quality of the data and the timeliness of the data. And what we're seeing is we're getting paid quicker, and that's why you saw DSOs come down last quarter. And again, this quarter, and we're also seeing we're collecting more, and that's what's driving the RPT increase. And I think the most important thing from our standpoint is not a one-time thing. These are fundamental changes that we've made, that we think will persist.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So the big difference between OI and free cash flow is the DSOs. As we see those DSOs come down, that'll add to the free cash flow for the year. In terms of share repurchases, we're on track with what we set out to do. Our leverage levels were above our target range. I think we were quite clear with everyone. We wanted to get back down to 3.5 or below. We're making good progress on that. We're at 3.7 for the quarter, and we didn't buy back any shares. We don't expect to buy back any shares in Q3, but we feel like we've got better visibility now to get back to the 3.5 or below.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Just as a reminder, it doesn't hit our operating income. It's below the OI line. So it hits EPS. It's worth about $15 million pre-tax per quarter. That's on a non-GAAP basis. This quarter we actually had some positive gain as a result of the transaction. And we think that number will decline over the next couple of years. And we anticipated getting to breakeven in two to three years. In terms of why we like this. Look, as Javier mentioned, we're really interested in figuring out ways to help our patients get home and new technology can be part of that answer. We're looking for other ways to innovate beyond just the service and information, capabilities that we can do. And we recognize Medtronic as a world-class leader in innovation on the medical device side. And we just thought their history here combined with our knowledge would make for a great partnership, which is why we invested in Mozarc.
Joel Ackerman: Thank you for that last question. We did not go into that level detail. I think what we can say on labor, because we've gone into so much detail in labor. In the overall category, it is playing out as expected. Some of the underlying components have shifted a bit. And so just to give a little more detail on that. Base wages are above our normal averages. Our contract labor is back in line to normal. And we continue to have elevated training. And so that's how the leverage are moving. But overall, the category is as expected.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's nothing we can predict from the outside. That's left to policy makers, champions, and the dynamics of Washington, D.C.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Lisa. It's kind of funny. I've been here for a very long time, and not many questions used to come up about the rate increase with Medicare. And so, we started to ask ourselves, why is this a new dynamic? And the reality is that the system is quite complicated, but it works relatively well in times where there's economic stability. And yet, when we're experiencing times of inflation or lack of stability, it's really showing that it doesn't work in many ways. So let me step back. If you were to spend time on trying to understand the methodology, you would really come to the conclusion that it is practically not possible to forecast, because there's just too many things that are either proprietary or use lag data or a benchmark that is not related to dialysis. It's a benchmark related to all healthcare costs, and it's all weighted and then discounted with some kind of productivity factor. And so, the short answer is, it's a big, complicated equation with some variables that we will not have visibility to. So that's the short answer. We can't forecast it. I can't believe anyone from the outside world can. Secondly, what is an appropriate one and what we are advocating for is, let's not have -- let's call it winners or losers. We understand that forecasting is difficult, but let's have a reconciliation that is actually linked to actual costs. And if you get an increase and exceeds what inflation, that there could be a decrease or vice versa. So that's what we're advocating for. As you know, it is very difficult in Washington, D.C. right now on trying to get funding, but we are trying to make our case.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The process from MedPAC is a bit opaque to us. We try to educate and highlight what is really happening with our cost structure. And, again, in periods of stability, it happened to be, give or take, within reason, acceptable. And now the gap is widening, and it's widening compounded year-after-year. So, it's really starting to be significant.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. There's lots of go into the decision to close the clinic, in particular, we've got to really focus on patient care and make sure that our patients are being taken care of. But it is absolutely a consideration when you look at the economics, but sort of the first filter is continuity of care. The second is, is there a convenient place for that patient can be taken care of. And then after that, you get into economic factors such as reimbursement, leases, and other things, but we are aggressively looking at our footprint, and we continue to right-size to make sure that we are thoughtful about our resource allocation and capital allocation.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So Pito, the short answer is if you're looking at admits, we are tracking pretty much to pre-COVID levels. The challenge is excess mortality, and that remains elevated. And that's the reason that we're not yet ready to say we're going to return to pre-COVID growth levels. That said, mortality has been coming down year-after-year since COVID started. It's down Q2 versus Q1. So, if mortality continued to decline and return to pre-COVID levels, then the math you laid out of 4,000 new patients a year, we'd be back there.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. That's a -- it a tough piece of analysis to do, because it hasn't necessarily been smooth quarter-to-quarter or a year-to-year. So, look, we're watching it carefully. We all know there's a minor surge going on, but I think minor is the operative word from what we've seen so far. So, we're keeping a careful eye on it, but I don't think we can draw a trend line based on the history to say when we think mortality gets back to zero. Where excess mortality gets back to zero.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Last quarter, it was roughly 900 lives. This quarter, it was between 500 and 600. Remember, we will sometimes update those over time. We get better views of excess mortality as time goes on. But somewhere between 500 and 600 is our best estimate for Q2.
Javier Rodriguez: I'd have to do the math quickly in my head. Pito, I don't want to give you a bad number, so I'm going to -- let's take that off line.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I think we want to be really careful about being "aggressive". But we want to be really thoughtful and balanced in all the trade-off to go into closing a center. We have to remember, our patients are incredibly vulnerable. And one of the most important things is to be close to their home. And so, 90 somewhat percent of our patients are within 10 miles of their home. And that is one of the best things we can offer convenient. And we talk a lot about health equity issues and not being in the communities. We are in the communities. And so we take that pretty seriously. But as the economics constraints happen, and if we are able to accommodate our patients, we are being very thoughtful on that. And we have other obligations like leases and other thing. So there's a natural time to review a clinic to see if it's appropriate for closure.
Javier Rodriguez: No, is the answer. We are not seeing any changes in whether a patient goes home or not. We continue to be a very much an advocate of home. There's a lot of dynamics and education that go into that. And we want the right modality for the right patient. But we are huge home champions. And the mix on home is roughly around 15%. A little above that, like 15.2% or so, but it's been hanging around that 15%. COVID had a big impact on home that many patients felt more comfortable in that time of insecurity to go and be taken care of by professionals. But we're starting to see a slight pick up in patient choice to go home.
Javier Rodriguez: In general you can imagine health care is local, and so there are areas where there are literally full clinics. There's sometimes relocations. Sometimes as you called out there might be just a home center that was needed. So there's a little of all, but as you can see the number is materially smaller as we are very focused on making sure that capacity utilization is where it needs to be and that we're capital efficient.
Javier Rodriguez: The mortality level looks, roughly a percentage or so higher than pre-pandemic. And as Joel talked about it, it's a bit cyclical and depending on the surge. There is one or sort of the front end tends to have higher mortality in the front end of the year or the back end in the year versus the middle of the year, but I think a good number is roughly one percent or give or take 2,000 patients.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, thank you Michelle and thank you all for your questions. As you heard through our comments today, we've continued to drive operational efficiencies and make investments to feel our performance now and to the future years as well. Some of those seeds that we planted are beginning to sprout and some will take additional time and continued effort. We look forward to keeping you updated on our continued progress in the back half of the year. Thank you for joining the call and be well.
Andrew Mok: Hi, good afternoon. Appreciate all the color on the sequential RPT improvement, but a couple of follow-ups there. First, is the seasonality component in line with historical seasonality, or is there something about the patient benefit design that's creating more acute seasonality this year? And can you go into a bit more detail on what's driving the better cash collections? Thanks.
Andrew Mok: Great, appreciate the call. And then as a follow-up, the guidance, the OI guidance is up about 5%. I think your free cash flow is up about 10%. Can you help bridge the difference there? Or help us understand why the free cash conversion is better on the new guide? And I think I missed your comments on share repurchase, but we'd love to get your latest thoughts around there and the potential resumption of share repurchase? Thanks.
Andrew Mok: Hi. Just a couple follow-ups on the clinic closures. You closed down 16 clinics, but opened 10 new dialysis clinics. I'm just trying to better understand what's driving the new clinics at this point given, I thought a lot of the clinic closures was a result of excess mortality. So what are you seeing in the market that's causing you to open new clinics that are -- are there any characteristics that you would call out about them whether they're home dialysis programs or anything like that? Thanks.
Andrew Mok: Got it. And on the mortality, I think you gave us the absolute number in the quarter. Can you give us a sense or how the mortality rate in general is tracking and how far off are you against pre-pandemic levels? Thanks.
