James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. During the quarter, we experienced strong operating income and cash flow driven by strong treatment growth. Our non-acquired growth was 4.7% when normalized for days of the week. Dialysis revenue per treatment was consistent with the prior quarter and our commercial mix was flat with the first quarter. Dialysis patient care cost per treatment was up about $1.50 from the prior quarter. This increase reflects higher compensation expense, higher travel expense due to our annual national leadership meeting and increased unit cost for Epogen. Please note that EPO utilization was flat with the prior quarter. And based on our conversations with physicians, we continue to expect utilization will be at slightly higher levels going forward. These increases were somewhat offset by lower accruals for self-insurance reserves in the quarter. Our second quarter dialysis G&A per treatment was down about $1.50 from the prior quarter. This decrease was primarily due to lower professional fee spending and a continued decrease in DSI integration costs as the DSI integration is almost complete. Note that in the second quarter, we had approximately $10 million in HealthCare Partners transaction related expenses. These expenses and the $6 million of transaction expenses that we incurred in the first quarter are now reflected in our corporate level charges and not in dialysis G&A. Despite the fact that we had some nonrecurring transaction costs in the quarter, we review -- we view our Q2 operating income to be a fairly representative run rate as we had some other operating items, including favorable insurance accrual true-ups previously mentioned in the quarter to offset these transaction related costs. On to international. Our international losses in the quarter were $12 million, reflecting higher legal and professional fee expense related to our development efforts. We now expect international losses to be in the mid-$30 millions for 2012. The main drivers for this change are the higher legal and professional fee expenses that I just mentioned, delays in closing certain transactions and our decisions to do -- to not do some deals due to their valuations. As an update on our international activities. We have recently entered Saudi Arabia, expanded the number of centers in India, and were awarded a second management contract in Singapore and also received a license to operate in Malaysia. In addition, we expect to be operating centers in China in the third quarter. All this underscores what we have said before. While international expansion is a long-term growth opportunity, it will require investment and continued losses in the near term. Now turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $202 million in the second quarter. We still anticipate full year 2012 operating cash flow will be in the range of $950 million to $1.05 billion. This range includes the expected payment in 2012 of the $78 million legal contingency that we recorded in the quarter. Now with respect to HCP. After HealthCare Partners' second quarter results are finalized, we will include them in our planned S-3 filing, which hopefully will be filed in the near future. HealthCare Partners continues to perform according to plan and its results are consistent with the 2012 and 2013 EBITDA outlook that we provided in June. First quarter results were strong and we do have an indication that EBITDA in the second quarter will be approximately $135 million. We repeat, this is on-plan and consistent with expectations. But as always, our outlook captures a majority of likely outcomes, but actual results could fall above or below this guidance. And in regards to the DaVita merger process with HCP, I'm happy to report that the transaction remains on plan. In fact, we're launching our bank financing this week and the bond financing, hopefully later this month or potentially in early September. Demand for this offering appears strong. In fact, we have already received commitments for 95% of our Term Loan A. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
James K. Hilger: Gary, that $10 million is reported in our G&A line in our financial statements. But in the supplemental data, in our press release, what you'll see is the $10 million is now reported in our corporate level charges and not in dialysis G&A and that's for purposes of segment reporting.
James K. Hilger: Darren, the -- on international, still very early days as we've just getting under -- our feet underneath those. But our revenue in the second quarter was approximately $4 million. And we had a heavy professional fee expense that really the transaction that we're working on, that resulted in the approximately $12 million in losses in the quarter.
James K. Hilger: We have not disclosed the Q2 2011 numbers yet nor have we disclosed other than giving you an indication of how Q2 2012 was going to result. We will have that in our S-3 filing, but that is still being prepared and those numbers are still being finalized.
James K. Hilger: DaVita Rx just continues to expand at a pretty steady rate. We're very pleased with our performance.
James K. Hilger: Well, we're not prepared to go into a detailed breakdown on the differences between the quarters. But suffice to say, that we did view Q1 as a strong quarter, but within plan. And our full year of guidance remains unchanged. Q2 is in line with what we had expected. And again, our guidance for the year remains unchanged.
James K. Hilger: Yes. We hope to raise approximately $3 billion in bank debt. And some of that in Term Loan A and some Term Loan B. And then in addition to that, we expect to raise roughly $1 billion in notes. And the term -- the split between the Term Loan A and Term Loan B will be somewhat dependent upon demand. But we are currently expecting a little more Term Loan A than B.
James K. Hilger: Well, in our S-4 filing, which I point you to, we had to use pro forma rate of 5.24%, including swap rates for the overall debt that we'd be raising from the new debt.
Kent J. Thiry: We're not breaking out the different insurance trips. It was in a couple of different categories, Gary. But in aggregate, it offset a bunch of the transaction expenses.
Kent J. Thiry: And maybe, Gary, before we go to your HCP question. If I read into your questions about international, a broader, higher-level question, which is are we happy with the level of P&L expense versus the current reality and trajectory of revenue and operating contribution from centers. The answer to that question is no. On to HCP.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a cut at answering and then Matthew will correct any mistakes. That some of the trends being discussed by others are a result of their PPO books of business. And our book of business is dominantly on the HMO side, which has very low out-of-pocket expenses, et cetera. And therefore, utilization tends not to be as affected either way. Meaning, it didn't go down in the last few years because of recessionary effects or any of the other effects that are often cited, nor would it therefore go back up to much more steady state because the economics of our base of business just don't change in the way that the books of business that are being commented on by others change. Having said that, I will now turn to the person who taught me all that, Matthew.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll make one other point, Gary, because it's so important and we made in our Capital Markets Day but this kind of underlines it, which is one of the reasons that we chose HealthCare Partners is because how strong their clinical emphasis is. And they proactively pursue trying to identify what chronic conditions patients have and then proactively try to get them more time with the doctor. And that's all because keeping people healthy is the most powerful long-term economic driver. But this is yet another reason why some of these microeconomic or microbehavioral factors that other plans or delivery models refer to, don't affect us because what our doctors think is right for the patients and our care manager thinks is right for the patients is totally unaffected by anybody's deductible or co-pay.
Kent J. Thiry: I think I can't give a useful answer because we've been contacted by organizations from all geographies and all sizes, contacted by both payers and delivery organizations, both hospital-oriented and physician-led. So it's pretty much runs the whole gamut along all the categories you cited. Which ones of those will turn into partnerships and done deals and new business, of course, time will tell. But it's been very encouraging nonetheless.
Kent J. Thiry: Same answer. It's just so early on. It's certainly, some of both and we're certainly open to both. But, boy, it's way too early in the game to start getting more specific.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Fair. Very fair observation. The short answer is no. We do not expect the combination of the 2 companies is going to lead to any change in IT spending in either company. There's too many differences and both of them are so busy adding to their capabilities for their different businesses that it would not make economic nor strategic sense to divert talent to try to pick up minor synergies. So you're not going to see any relief in the IT math on either side.
Kent J. Thiry: I know it's what physicians are saying. I do not know of any actual trend but there could be one because it's not something that I'm necessarily conversant on over the last 4 to 8 weeks, particularly given the general consensus from what a lot of docs are saying, which tends to typically end up being true. We, with our physician community, have been experimenting and exploring and comparing different anemia management protocols and since that work continues even as we speak, it's kind of hard to get any more definitive. But the answer to your question is, it's from my point of view, totally based on what doctors are saying, perhaps just someone else in the room that as the call proceeds, will be able to answer more specifically with respect to any hard data trends.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, certainly. The spending on that lawsuit will go way, way down and away very, very quickly and so that's a definite pickup and a nontrivial pickup. Whether or not anything else is going to ramp up and keep us at the prior level, I actually don't know for sure because each of the different major legal issues tends to ebb and flow. And so, I can definitely assert there will be a pickup in nice savings. I just don't know if anything else is going to pop up to offset it.
Kent J. Thiry: Nothing significant has happened. And I would assert that you shouldn't presume that anything material will happen on the commercial side within your investment timeframe. So it's really good for hopefully reinforcing the fact that we're differentially effective in managing total cost. And hopefully, that will buy us some incremental patient volume and security on our current rates with the right annual inflation increases. So I think most of the economic value tied to that conversation is going to be embedded in those 2 things as opposed to expecting any big, commercial, globally capitated contract anytime in your investment time frame.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I don't have a good concise answer for that one. Why don't you let us play with it a little bit while we answer the questions and see if we can be useful and organized. It was pretty broad based, which is why we didn't cite any 1 or 2 drivers. But let us reflect a little bit as we move through the call.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. A very fair question. I think we just can't answer anything other than the normal generic way we have for 10 years, that we take deployment -- the generation and deployment of cash as your sacred trust in us. And every quarter, we look a lot at how much leverage is appropriate given the near-term outlook and debt rates, whether or not this is the right time to repurchase stock. Are we likely to do a bunch of acquisitions? How much cushion should we have? And so, I just don't think that it's a good idea for us to start predicting what's going to happen with our cash balance over the next x months. Because the fact is, whatever prediction we have today could change tomorrow because of all those other factors and our desire and long-standing inclination to be nimble and responsive. So I don't mean to avoid the question. But I think we just better stay away from it because it's so darn situational.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, what we expect for the balance of this year is incorporated into our adjusted guidance with all the normal caveats around it. Second, it is so difficult to predict when more people are going to want to sell and with what intensity are they going to want to sell it, at what prices are they going to be willing to sell. So I don't know that we've demonstrated a lot of confidence in predicting that over the last few years. It is certainly the case, however, that what you said is true. That lots of the smaller players with everything that's going on in the country and everything that's going on with government spending and everything that's going on with health care, that you have more of the small players who are saying this is a reasonable time to exit and/or find a stable and value-added partner. So I think there's going to continue to be deals, but whether or not it's going to continue at the pace that we've enjoyed for the last 1.5 years or so, we just don't know.
Kent J. Thiry: We're still sorting out what's going to be the right way for us to report so that you guys get all the information you need to make your decisions. And at the same time, we don't sacrifice any competitive advantage or limit our ability to add future value for you in how we contract. So we're still sorting that out and, of course, the deal is not even closed yet, even though we're working very closely together in driving towards the future together. So I think on that one, you just have to wait a few more months.
Kent J. Thiry: All of our Medicare Advantage contracts are as a percentage of what CMS pay the health plans. So I would say it has a very direct relationship or correlation with that.
Kent J. Thiry: And what I'll add to that is, you are pointing towards some of the sort of structural and programmatic risk on the revenue side. Parts of our cost structure are directly contractually linked to CMS reimbursements. So the cost structure adopts proportionate to the revenue structure for a subset of the business. In addition, when Medicare revenue economics are bad, that tends to affect the entire health care arena, hospitals, nurse and other caregiver and physician compensation expectations, et cetera. So there is a less direct, meaning, not contractual linkage between revenue and cost structure. But nonetheless, a very real one. None of this, in what Matthew said and what I'm adding, means that we're totally buffered. We don't mean to suggest that. Rather, there are some significant offsets and those are 3 of the categories in which you find them.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. So I think the -- what Matthew is saying is, your assessment is correct and he's talking about some of the reasoning why it is. At the same time, we don't think it's any reason to start dramatically changing forecasts of anything. The world is too complicated for that. But directionally, your hypothesis is correct and then he's talking about the next level of detail as to how they think about it.
Kent J. Thiry: No, I don't mean to be cute. Yes, the board and I have had lots of conversations. And yes we've talked about different timetables. And no, I don't think it's a good idea to share it. It's so unpredictable to figure out when you're going to make decisions in an important search process. And so I just don't think there's any particular upside in doing that and a lot of downside.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, yes, is the short answer, and have been for some time doing some work with some commercial payors on integrated care. It's not globally capitated, but a number of different arrangements where we do stuff beyond dialysis to manage the patient in a more holistic way and one way or another we get compensated for it.
Kent J. Thiry: I wouldn't call them pilots because they're just basic contractual arrangements with a small number of commercial payors. And it's been years. The good news is it's been years and we've generated good results for those payors. The bad news is it's never really caught on and grown to be material enough to talk about to you. But we appreciate the question.
Kent J. Thiry: Short answer is no. It's still very little guidance on what the specs will be and that's, of course, just discussing the first draft and then what emerges subsequent to a comment period or all the interaction even more difficult to predict.
Kent J. Thiry: We are going to have a very intense session very soon comparing what we do in integrated care with kidney care patients to what they do because they have over 1,000 of those types of patients in their delivery model already. So there'll be some very rigorous idea sharing there at a superficial level, we do a lot of the same things, which is no surprise. But there could be some nice learning at the second or third level. Beyond that, there is nothing obvious that jumps out and would be economically material. But who knows as we go through the next year or 2 of what learnings might flow in each direction as we work in different ways with the same payers, some of the same doctors, some of the same integrated delivery systems. So we are sure there's going to be some more real insight sharing back and forth. We're just not sure when and in what area.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you very much for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners. We will work hard for you over the next 90 days and look forward to talking to you again then. Thank you.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Thank you, Kent. I think that's accurate. And the way we look at this is in the managed care, even the very small co-pay and coinsurances that these patients have and some of the health plans, as you know, have changed their benefit. That even hasn't changed any utilization and we tracked that. Especially for the Medicare Advantage population because the Medicare Advantage population normally have very, very small co-pay and coinsurance. And they're really -- the physician is in control of the utilization. So we have not experienced any trend like what these health plans have been reporting. Our exposure to -- we don't have any PPO that's capitated for us or we take any risk, whatsoever, on that book of business. Those are all based on fee-for-service.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Gary, those are fair questions so in California, because we don't have what's called a [indiscernible] license, we are not capitated by the health plan for what's referred to as institutional risk. So those risks are being capped by the HMOs. And then, we have various risk share arrangement with them that those are confidential information at what risk we have. As far as the number you quoted for the managing the institutional, that number is what we are still managing that care. However, what you're recognizing in our financial statement for California is the net results.
Matthew Mazdyasni: As far as our activities, I mean, every single day, we have ideas by our providers and physicians and care management and clinical people how we can do this with a higher quality service and reduced cost. So we still are very bullish at our ability to reduce cost for Medicare Advantage patients. So from that point of view, I think we feel and I think we have Incorporated that in our projections, that fee for service equivalence reduction on the Medicare, we still -- the results are we continue doing very well on Medicare Advantage.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Well, that's a fair question, John. So I'm going to answer it from 2-point of view. One is that Medicare Advantage and managed care in your traditional HMO. We still feel that there is tremendous opportunity there and also the population health. We also are trying with this Accountable Care Organization, which is basically incorporating the population health and all the things that we do with evidence-based medicine in a fee-for-service environment. That's both Medicare and the commercial. So we look at the opportunities are endless out there, both in the markets that they are not producing the kind of quality service and cost that we're producing on HMO and the markets that they this fragmented fee-for-service and there is no metric on equality and service. So we see the potential is incredibly rich out there for what we do.
Matthew Mazdyasni: I think I'd look at it a little bit differently. I'd look at it that we're at this position, that anything that health plans pays us is calculated towards their MLR. We are not under any MLR rules or restriction. Therefore, the opportunity is to give us even more opportunity to take the entire risk. And for that, the HMOs can include that in part of their MLR.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes. And I would add to that the difference is Kaiser employed all of their physicians. We appeal to both group of physician. The physicians who want to be employed and the physician who wants to stay independent and just contract with us for all of the services that we bring to them, the hospital list, the after-hours care, all kind of things that we do. So we are comfortable, as Kent said, with both group, and we don't mind growing in each segment from that point of view.
Matthew Mazdyasni: That's a fair question. So what we try to do in the first 30 days that the member has signed up, we want that member to come to our physicians, whether those are employee physicians or contracted physician, and have a full physical on -- at the same time, while we are asking for the medical record from the previous providers for those new patients to be transferred. So usually, is much shorter than 30 days. But our goal is within the first 30 days, have that patient has a very comprehensive physical exam done.
Matthew Mazdyasni: I think it's hard to predict. Every market, every population is different. So I wouldn't say it might -- some patients, it might take us day 1, some patient it takes us a little but longer. What we care about is what I refer to as if they are deferred care that we need to provide and sometimes, recovering, if you will, for those deferred care might take 3 months, or 6 months, or 1 year. But the key is to find out all the issues with the patient and have a treatment plan and refer them to the right specialist or right treatment plan and caregiver and care education.
Matthew Mazdyasni: You are absolutely right as far as the risk score for the purpose of paying us, but we like to capture all the -- because risk score is a proxy for all the conditions, chronic conditions, that the patient have. That is the most important thing for us, which is capturing those chronic conditions so we can develop a treatment plan for these patients.
Whit Mayo: I don't think I heard a direct comment on this, maybe you gave it. But can you elaborate more on the second quarter EBITDA number with HCP, just the 135, when I square that with the 150 it's obviously lower on a sequential basis. So anyway to put that number in context for us? We obviously don't have the benefit of seeing some of the details behind that.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And it's probably a little too premature to ask sort of what the indications of interest are in terms of rates.
Whit Mayo: That's helpful. And maybe one last question here, maybe fair, unfair, not sure how you want to look at it. But not to undermine or belittle Jim's contribution. But, Kent, maybe, can you talk a little bit about where you are in the search for a full-time CFO and what the timetable looks like to bring someone onboard? I'm sure there are a lot of kind of variables at play there.
