JoelAckerman: Sure. Hi, Kevin. It's Joel. I'll take that. Our internal number was a bit lower than the streets, largely driven I think by timing related to seasonality. So that's I think the genesis of that comment. I would say the single biggest thing that drove the number stronger was calcimimetic. And I mentioned in my script about a $20 million tailwind in calcimimetic in Q1 versus Q4. 
JoelAckerman: Yes. So I think you have to think about the margin in calcimimetic in two buckets. So start with what we had last year which we've called out as mid to high single digit which is kind of where we were as 2018, think of that as the baseline that will go away over time probably measured in years but not many years as the whole dynamic of generic entrance plays through, and that gives the temporary tailwind which is the $20 million that's the second piece. But then ultimately plays through to ASP. So the $20 million that extra tailwind that we saw in Q1, we don't know how that will play out over the rest of the year. There's certainly a possibility that we will be able to continue to buy at generic rates in Q2 before ASP falls, and there'll be a continued tailwind in Q2. We don't know what will happen in the second half of the year. There is a scenario where that completely reverses where generic availability in the market disappears, while ASP is falling and what was a tailwind in Q1 will turn into a headwind in the back of it, half of the year.  So I think to try and sum this up, I think the mid to high single digit number that we called out in 2018, we think that will persist through 2019. How long it lasts after that is a question mark. This added $20 million tailwind could persist for a little bit while longer although it could flatten out, and it could potentially turn into a headwind in the back half of the year, all depending on what happens with generics supply and ultimately what happens with ASP.
JoelAckerman: I think that math would be somewhere at 371 to 382 and we had one less treatment day year-over-year.
JoelAckerman: That's exactly right, Gary. We've got enough other things that week that were not worried about the OI range even if we come in below on that.
KentThiry: Yes. The mix was slightly higher quarter-over-quarter and now this add since you asked, as we step back and look over what we said at JPMorgan, I wish the range was a little wider because that number sort of pops up and down. But in general, we were slightly up and there's nothing in the mix that would change or impact our guidance.
KentThiry: Sure. Let me take a stab and see if I'm answering your question. First, I just want to say, embarrass, we got it wrong at JPMorgan. And we gave and we missed the numbers so quickly after that. Two is that we have a track record about performing on non acquired growth. And we've had some episodic quarters where our competitors about performance. And three, is that there's a lot going into this number. There's an incident. There's mortality. There are transplants; there are competitors; there's peered dynamic and they're all moving in opposite direction. Sometimes so it's very hard to pinpoint the number, but at the end what we're trying to do is work really hard to make sure that we get the right trade-off between growth rate and capital deployment. And that's really what it's all about,
KentThiry: Yes. It's a good question. I mean if you look at market share and you look at what that 1% difference is over a year. This is only a quarter but over a year it'd be about 2,000 patients. So you got to look at in the base that we have roughly 200,000 and so does FMC. But we don't take it lightly of course compounding is very powerful, but again our track record that will outperform over time. But when you look at it sometimes you would rather have a lower growth. If it's got an impact on your deployment of capital. And so you can't isolate each one of these and micro but you got to look at the sort of overall portfolio. Because we could give you a higher nag number but it might be with lower returns on certain de novo and so we're being quite disciplined and scrutinizing that number.
KentThiry: I'm sorry. I'm not sure I understand the question, Justin. Are you saying the total calcimimetic profit in the quarter? So, it's roughly double $20 million. So it's a $20 million headwind combined with the number we had called out in the past which you recall it $80 million. So $38 million would be the total Q1 profit from calcimimetic.
KentThiry: I think it's hard to call out the timing. We think ultimately most if not all of this will go away; don't know whether it's a 2020 event or 2021.
KentThiry: Yes, we -- there are a lot of scenarios that play through the ranges is in the forecast. So I don't think I'd be comfortable articulating just a single number that flows through. But I think it is safe to say what we've said in the past, which is some of this variability in the near term around calcimimetic is the single biggest swing factor in the $100 million of OI I range that we gave in our guidance. 
KentThiry: Yes. So, I think there's a lot going on in pharma in general and that applies to unit price, it applies to unit volume. It applies across a number of the drugs we use. So I wouldn't point out a specific headwind or tailwind, but I don't think you can look at this as one isolated factor in the P&L and just handle it as its own issue. 
KentThiry: So, if you went back to Q1 last year, you'd have to take out the Medicare bad debt. You also have to take out the DHS $70 million one-time pick up that we called out back then. If you looked at that number relative to where we came out this quarter, I believe it would be up a bit. But that would not be adjusting for calcimimetic.
KentThiry: I think that 38 would be high. I don't remember what we had in there. What we what exactly we called out but the 38 would be high. We can take it offline, Justin, and get you a better number. We've just got to look back at what we --what we disclosed.
KentThiry: Yes. So our thinking on that hasn't changed. The DMG proceeds will go to pay down debt after the deal closes. We're going to do a subsequent financing and we'll use those proceeds to bring us back to our historical leverage range 3x to 3.5x, and use that to buy back stock. So nothing really has changed around our thinking there,
KentThiry: Yes. The short answer is we continue to work with AV290 baby and we are comfortable with our advocacy spend and our progress in our relationships in Sacramento and another state capital.
KentThiry: Yes. On the first part, it is not the new entrants. We are not seeing any significant activity there. So it is with the existing competitors. On the AKI, for those people that are not familiar, it stands for acute kidney injury and basically that's before a doctor concludes that your kidneys are end-stage meaning they could come back. And so there was a change in philosophy there because they wanted to get the patients out of the hospital and into the most efficient side of care, which is our centers and so there are more diagnoses now AKI because it's system adjusted to that. I think that volume has gone through the system and I don't think it's relevant for nag factors.
KentThiry: On the mix, the majority of the mix ended up being on the generic side. And as it relates to surprise, I would never call it a surprise. We just knew it was going to be a fluid and dynamic time. And so we're going through a bit of the waves, if you will. In this particular quarter, it was helpful and that we were able to purchase some at a discount and then of course Joel already explained that could be reversed at anytime depend how it plays out, ventures and how the pricing curve drops.
KentThiry: No. It is very --it's been very hard to tell because of dynamics in the legal system as to what inventory is available on who's going to enter. And then of course that will drive the price to have any entrance and how much inventory. So we are just as interested as you are in those numbers, but they're very hard to find.
KentThiry: Sure. Thanks for the question. As it relates to competition, the first thing I'll say is competition makes us sharper. And we respect all competitors and so it's with that approach that we go paranoid at it because we want to make sure that our patients get the best. And we believe that we are best prepared to deliver that in a platform with all the types of care. That said, of course, when you are small and you're getting capitalized, you need to generate a story and so the provocative story is one that says that they're going to disrupt and innovate. And we believe that we've been self disrupting and innovating for quite some time when we do a lot of patient education more than anyone else. We send more patients to the proper modality than anyone else. We have amazing transplant education and so we know we have the entire suite, but of course they can't compete with that platform and so what they want to do is create a narrative that we are by definition of being big that we somehow or other not innovative which is of course not the entrepreneurial spirit of DaVita. So again we want to be sharp and we want to take them on and we respect it.
KentThiry: This is KT here. It's difficult to predict these things and they have a couple of times predicted when they'll have stuffs done and they haven't been able to get it done. Not because they're not smart and hardworking, don't have good ideas. We applaud so much of what they're working on and so much what they're creating, but they have to go through a multi-agency approval process over which they do not have total control. So it's very difficult to know and sometimes they can't even know. If someone gets to it in the next two weeks, it's done in two weeks. If they don't get to in 10 weeks, it's not done for 10 weeks even though the elapsed time of the work might only be a week or two, things get pretty busy there. So unfortunately we can't give you a helpful response.
KentThiry: Yes. I don't think speculating is a good idea because that's literally what the accurate verb would be. And so it'll just have to wait. I'm very, very sorry but we can't predict.
KentThiry: Sure. So Peter, there wasn't any individual thing. It was a bunch of things. Some of which are operational, some of which are seasonal, but all of which are temporary. We would expect in the next couple of quarters that this will all play through and we'll be back to the range where we were and kind of the back half of 2018 and to give you a flavor. I'll call out one thing we did a system change in one of our smaller businesses. A billing system change and that led to some operational complexity that led to some just temporary spike in the AR but we've worked that through. Now we're just catching up. That was the single biggest thing that was roughly 40% of the four days.
KentThiry: Yes. Justin, first I apologize for getting your name wrong. I don't see any linkage there; I don't think you can connect the two.
KentThiry: Yes. Justin, as you can imagine there's interest because people are trying to run their models as to what's going to happen to that population. The reality is, it's got a lot of variables and at the end, and it ends up in being a patient choice as to what product they have. And so as it relates to the actual negotiation, we're continuing to have very constructive conversations with the payers as to how we can take risk on the MA business. And we're actually innovating quite a lot in that book of business. So it's a constructive productive conversation.
KentThiry: I think you should tie that to some of the comments we've made about DSOs and the move in AP, so it was just largely around working capital.
JavierRodriguez: Well, as Kent articulated, Justin, we worked together in partnership for 20 years. So I've gotten that question asked a fair amount and what I've said it's not like I've been shelving my idea is waiting for the time where I got to home and now I get to execute on them. We've been partners and we think a lot of like is it relate to the discipline on capital. And as I said in my opening remark, there's more that's going to look the same than anything that's going to look different. Things that would likely look different will be more around the evolution of time, technology and the needs of the business and a greater care policy and those things that we will be driving. As it relates to capital, we have and we will continue to have a very strong discipline around capital. And we are going to be sharing our three year plan and capital market in August or September. I don't want to provide any more detail at this point.
JavierRodriguez: Yes. I just offer a cautionary note on two levels here. One when we start this around too many variables on a live call. There's a lot of room for potential confusion on exactly how people are defining different numbers and then second, it sort of stating the obvious but worthwhile that in any given year we've got lots of variables that move $15 million - $20 million recurring, non-recurring up down and so it gets pretty tricky to start paying too much attention to one or two of them because there's a lot of them all the time.
JavierRodriguez: No. There's nothing to call out. The physicians are continuing to prescribe as they have in the past. Of course, they're always looking at the journals and the studies to see if there's anything in the science that indicates anything new, but there's nothing that I would call out right now.
JavierRodriguez: And Gary I would go ahead and add on a little bit here, giving us up a question that that number one, it's easy to say I found a thousand CKD patients, people with kidney disease, but the kidneys haven't failed yet. It is tough to say which ones of those are most likely to have kidney failure and when. And it is impossible to say what would have happened otherwise. So in order for anyone to pay you other anything other than a low unsatisfactory fee-for-service rate means you need to have sufficient data to be able to take a scaled population, know what they would have cost, so you can give someone a share the savings of what they did cost after you intervened. There is no one better positioned than we are to turn those unknowns into knowns and none of the new entrants have that capability currently, which is not to say they're smart and they, and if they get enough money, it's a very, it's a doable thing. It's not an easy thing. It's not a cheap thing. I appreciate the comments. 
SteveTanal: Perfect, thank you. And a couple more sort of granular ones. I guess I'm just on calcimimetic discussion just to round that out the $11 cost per treatment, would you be able to give us that figure sort of for your last quarters? If you think about the houses of development.
SteveTanal: No. I am sorry. Just inside of patient care costs sort of --like a per treatment basis came in quite a bit better, just trying to understand some of the other moving pieces as well.
SteveTanal: Got it, okay. And sort of a continuation I suppose is like what was laid out at the JPM day. Just I think there's a decline in that network rates and sort of the outlier stuff but an increase on the rest of the book like that's all still pretty much what's playing out.
