Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Let me first share a few more details on Q4 performance and then I'll add some color on 2023 guidance. For Q4, we delivered $317 million of adjusted operating income and $1.11 of adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, which resulted in the full year coming in right at the top of the updated guidance range we provided last quarter. For the U.S. dialysis segment, treatments per day were down 1.3% compared to the third quarter in line with our expectations. This was the result of lower patient count due to excess mortality and a higher seasonal missed treatment rate. Adjusted patient care cost per treatment was up $1.78 sequentially. There were 3 primary drivers of this increase: seasonal flu expense, year-end benefits and lower fixed cost leverage because of the decline in treatment volume. These were offset by lower contract labor costs in the quarter. Adjusted G&A was down $24 million quarter-over-quarter. This decrease was primarily driven by the $28 million of California ballot initiative expense in Q3. Turning to our other segments. For our IKC business, operating income was roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. International adjusted operating income decreased $15 million quarter-over-quarter. This is primarily driven by $7 million in foreign exchange headwinds and an expense related to acquisitions in Brazil. This acquisition expense has an offsetting decrease in taxes so there's no net impact on the P&L. During Q4, we did not repurchase any shares. As we communicated on the Q3 call, our primary deployment of the excess capital will be to pay down debt to return to our target leverage ratio of 3x to 3.5x EBITDA. Turning to 2023. Let me add some more detail on our guidance. Our 2023 adjusted operating income guidance is $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. Compared to our comments on the Q3 call about our expectations for 2023, the only significant update to our expectations is higher treatment volume due to the lack of a winter COVID surge. To give some more color, let me run through our latest expectations on the 3 drivers of the U.S. dialysis business in 2023. First, we expect the year-over-year change in treatment volume to be between 0 and negative 3% due primarily to the annualization of excess mortality in 2022 and continued excess mortality through 2023. Second, we anticipate revenue per treatment will increase approximately 2% to 2.5% year-over-year, driven roughly 2/3 by rate increases and 1/3 by higher Medicare Advantage and commercial mix. And third, we expect patient care cost per treatment to increase approximately 2% to 2.5% driven by wage rate growth and inflationary pressures, partially offset by savings from our new anemia contract and other cost-saving initiatives. A few additional things to help your thinking about 2023, each of which is incorporated in our guidance. Year-over-year adjusted operating income is benefited by approximately $50 million due to the absence of the ballot initiative spend in 2023. Regarding timing of adjusted operating income in 2023, we expect Q1 adjusted OI to be approximately $75 million to $100 million lower than the average of Q2 to Q4 due to typical seasonal factors impacting among other things: RPT, treatment days per quarter and labor. Regarding our previously disclosed agreement with Medtronic, we anticipate the transaction will close in the first half of this year. Our initial cash investment will be approximately $300 million at closing. On the P&L, we expect approximately $60 million of pretax losses below OI in 2023, which assumes approximately $30 million in the second quarter and $15 million per quarter over the remainder of the year. The EPS impact of this will be approximately $0.47 in 2023. For IKC, we expect OI to be flat to slightly down in 2023 relative to 2022. This is driven by additional growth expenses, offset partially by increased shared savings. Our interest expense assumption for the year is $405 million to $425 million. For income tax, we anticipate an effective rate of 25% to 27%. On cash flow, we expect free cash flow from continuing operations of $650 million to $900 million. And finally, we anticipate our leverage ratio at the end of 2023 to be in the range of 3.6x to 3.9x 2023 EBITDA. That concludes our prepared comments for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Andrew, I'll take that one. So I'd say relative to the guidance we gave on the Q3 call, we've really learned 2 things. One is, as you highlighted, the quarter came out at the high end of our range, largely as a result of labor. And the second is we didn't have a winter surge. As we looked at guidance for the year, we incorporated the volume improvement from no winter surge. We looked at the labor dynamic and ultimately, we concluded to leave our labor guidance for 2023 unchanged, really for 2 reasons. One, we did see improvement in Q4, but some of that was improvement that we really anticipated in the front half of 2023. It just came in earlier than expected. So you wouldn't expect that to change '23. The second is we're in a really dynamic labor environment. And given all the moving pieces we ultimately concluded 1 quarter's worth of outperformance wasn't enough yet for us to change our views. So for that reason, we kept labor where it is and the improvement in the guide for next year is really the result of better volume because of no COVID surge in the winter.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So our admission rate in 2022 was lower than what we've seen prior to COVID-19. We called that out. And I think that's really one of the big drivers of why what I'd call organic volume or organic growth is down. That's been persistent. It's kind of picked up through the back half of the year, and we haven't seen it come down, which is why our guide for 2023 continues basically to track what we saw in 2022. We haven't built in any material improvement to that. That said, as Javier noted, we expect that to revert back to what we saw pre-COVID once the direct and indirect impacts of COVID are done.
Joel Ackerman: We haven't historically reported a new ads number, and I'm hesitant to give it now. I think there'll be a bunch of different ways to calculate it. So I'm not sure I have a good answer for that number. That said, look, it is -- it continues to be depressed. We saw that in Q4. There is seasonality in that number. It tends to pick up in the front half of the year. And so obviously, we're going to be looking for that in the front half of 2023.
Joel Ackerman: And Pito, just to add to that, to help you with your modeling, the excess mortality number in Q4 based on what we know now, and these numbers get updated as the data catches up, was roughly 900. You want to compare that to Q4 of 2021, that number was somewhere around 1,500. So Q4 over Q4, the numbers come down significantly. And we would expect similarly Q1 '23 over Q1 '22 because of the lack of the surge.
Joel Ackerman: I think the way to think about that rough numbers is a $50 million improvement in shared savings revenue and that's really driven by the shared savings in 2023 that we get for patients that we were at risk for in 2022, and that's offset by roughly $50 million of costs associated with that growth that we're going to see in 2023.
Joel Ackerman: I think it's tough to do that calculation. The $377 million of revenue in '22 really comes in 2 buckets. $300 million of it is from the SNPs, which is what I'll call gross revenue, think of it as accounting similar to a health plans accounting where the full medical cost comes through revenue. And then the other $76 million is shared savings revenue where we only book the actual shared savings amount. We don't book the full cost of the medical amount. And I think if you really wanted to look at a number, you take the, call it, the gross margin associated with that $377 million. It's not -- that's not an accounting gross margin. This is kind of a financial calculation we would do. It wouldn't comply with GAAP. And you divide that number, which is, call it, $100 million by the prior year medical spend or the dollars under management from the prior year because that shared savings revenue is associated with the prior year, and that ratio would get you what I'd call a net savings number.
Joel Ackerman: Gary, I'm sorry, just a quick correction. I think you said that '23 would be flat to slightly better than '22, and I agreed with that. What I said in the prepared remarks, it would be flat to slightly worse. So I just wanted to clean that up.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we have not built any share repurchases into our guidance for next year. We just think that's the prudent way to model things out. The range is largely driven by the range in OI, which translates into a range in EBITDA. So that's what drives the range there. In terms of what we need to see, look, we need to see a very clear path to getting back into the range before we shift our capital allocation priorities back to share repurchases.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So there's nothing I'd call out in terms of the movement on the lives over the course of the year. Contracts go up or down, the number of lives in our SNF plans can move around a little bit. Some of it, I think this quarter was more around rounding than any major moves. In terms of medical spend under management. I think for next year, we expect that number to end somewhere in the $5 billion range with a lot of that growth coming at the beginning of the year.
Joel Ackerman: I think it's a little early to speculate, but we certainly want to retain the optionality to start the share repurchase program before we get there. I'm not saying we will, but we'd want to know that we've got a clear path to getting there.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think modeling consolidated D&A for 2023, I'd say we don't expect that to change very much from the full year 2022.
Joel Ackerman: I think the important thing here, Andrew, would be to focus on the DNA, you've got to exclude the costs associated with clinic closures and anything else. On a non-GAAP basis, I think you'll see it's relatively flat in Q4 over Q3.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. I'll grab that one. In essence, when we think of growth, we think of it in 2 categories. One is what's within our control and the other is the macro factors. Within our control, as we said, in the fourth quarter, we've made some progress, and we will continue to make progress on being staffed and ready to accept new patients. On the macro, which is sort of the question that many are asking, what is upstream new patient looking like, there are some questions that we still can't quantify. Some variables that we still can't quantify. That said, there is nothing we've seen that leads us to conclude that there is a permanent change to new starts. And so the best assumption at this juncture is to assume that after COVID plays out, that admits would revert to the roughly 2% that we experienced historically.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The cadence is obviously done very carefully with the coordination of all the physicians making their own independent decisions as to what's right for each patient. It will roll out throughout the year, and we should be done by the end of 2023.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, if you were going to use really high-level math, and I'm just trying to help get the direction going and you say, we guide it to negative 3 to 0, but I would give you a midpoint of negative 1.5. And if you just do the math of the excess mortality starting off in 2023, that's a sort of a negative 2. There's other variables going into it, but that would get you to a plus 50 basis points for new ad mets, give or take. And there's other dynamics, but that gives you direction.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. So if you just look at the numbers just to make sure because there's new people to the story is in 2020, we announced like roughly 6,800-or-so excess mortality, and we're guiding roughly to 3,000 in 2023. So it is coming down quite aggressively. And I think, again, we don't have visibility exactly as to when that would revert. But as COVID unwinds, it looks like it would -- it should go with the visibility we have back to normal.
Javier Rodriguez: Pre-COVID was roughly a little below $20 million. When we got to a high, we got to roughly $100 million last year. And what we've told you is that we would run roughly $20 million to $30 million higher in 2023. So that would put you right around $50 million or so. So trying to get halfway through, if you will.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gary. Won't speculate as to how it will come or if or when it will come. But we continue to work very diligently with the kidney community and disability groups to restore our protection for our patients. As it relates to what are we seeing, we have not seen any significant uptick, but we wouldn't expect it given the time of the year we're in because there's a lag in claims and payment. So right now, it's going as expected. But one of the things that we're working with the congressional champions is that they've asked that we produce examples because they're very interested in protecting patients. So that's all we have at this juncture.
Javier Rodriguez: We don't have a target per se. As you can imagine, it's a process that we take incredibly seriously to make sure that patients are taken care of and that the community is taken care of and we evaluate a lot of dimension. But it looks to be that the range will be in the 50 to 70 in 2023 clinics will likely consolidate. As it relates to retention of patients, that is an equation that goes -- that's part of that calculation, and we continue to see strong retention of patients wanting to stay at DaVita.
Javier Rodriguez: We ended the year with a mix of 10.4, and we don't usually give forward guidance on mix, but that's where we ended the year.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin, on the missed treatments, we just highlighted that it was trending higher than it had historically by 1 percentage point. We also said that this is a dynamic that's going to take some time to, a, understand and then, b, fixed. And so in our guidance, we do not have any significant progress in there until we can really understand the dynamic and lower it. So it came in line in the sense that it wasn't modeled to improve in any dramatic way.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me grab the private pay mix and the recession impact. It will be, of course, very specific to what segments get impacted and how long the recession lasts because our patients have shown that they would like to get COBRA and maintain coverage. In addition, they've also kind of have had great success in their coverage in the exchanges. And so that would make it more resilient. And then, of course, if the recession is long-lasting, then who knows what the impact would be. But assuming that it is a normal recession and time length, I think that our patients have shown a tendency to want to keep their private insurance. On your second question, which I think was MA mix, we ended the year at 47.3%. What we continue to see is now we're into normal open enrollment and we have a little more of a tick now every quarter. And so it will continue to increase. And if you had to put a leveling place over the long term, I think it would be slightly below 50 or around 50 if you push me to speculate into the future.
Javier Rodriguez: No. I think Joel said it well, we are doing what we said we would in Q3 along all the dimensions than we anticipated. The rest of the stuff remains.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. Our home mix ended up 15.2%, and that is tracking consistent to where we expected. We do not think there's a linkage between closing centers and having home mix increase, but rather the transitional centers that we talked about and making sure that our patients have home remote monitoring and other tools, so that they feel confident and connected and want to be able to go home. We're, in essence, also reeducating nephrologists so that they can be comfortable to have more patients at home. Those variables will be way more important than the centers because we're being so thoughtful as to which clinics we close, and so patients in essence still have access.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, the patients have choice, of course, and their nephrologists have choices and they can go wherever they deem appropriate for their life. But in general, we have relationships with them, and they feel comfortable with their care. And so when we sit with the patient and telling about a center closure, we tell them about their options, and then they choose. And many times, they feel comfortable staying within DaVita center. And then the ones that obviously choose to go somewhere else choose to go somewhere else, but the vast majority have decided to stay with DaVita and their nephrologist.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your questions and for your continued interest in DaVita. I'll finish where I started with optimism for the year ahead. Although we will continue to stay away from any COVID predictions, I'm encouraged by our recent progress. As outlined today, we will continue to pursue our strategic priorities to create the best long-term capabilities and outcomes for our patients, teammates and shareholders. Thank you all for joining the call today, and be well.
