Joel Ackerman: Sure. So let me take that. Hello, Justin. It's Joel here. I'd call out three things, although I would say it was broadly a strong quarter across many dimensions in terms of what stood out. One RPT was a bit higher than expected, although not in a way that would lead me to change any of my views about the full year. Second costs were well-managed very broadly, I'd highlight productivity, pharma, G&A is three things, although there it was a broad strength. And finally international was a strong contributor, part of that was strong fundamental growth, international just had a good quarter, but I would highlight there was about $10 million of foreign exchange gain in our – from our Asia joint venture that is non-recurring.
Joel Ackerman: Nothing in particular, the RPT number will bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter, so nothing worth highlighting.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Well, Q1 last year was not a particularly strong quarter and then Q2 came on well, so there was – I'd say there was some variability there. This year, the typical quarterly seasonality is going to be a little turned on its head usually Q1 is a weak quarter. This year you've got the positive calcimimetics and then in the back half of the year you'll see some negatives from ballot initiatives and as the COVID impact grows. So I think as you think about a full year number that the margin you're calculating there is or where the growth rate you're calculating there is something that I would be hesitant to just focus on.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So I'd say for the full year, I wouldn't change anything we've said about calcimimetics, which is 40 million to 70 million of OI for the full year. The Q1 number was 35 million of OI benefit. The RPT numbers, I'm looking for those – the RPT number was $9.5 in Q1 and the cost per treatment $4.90 and change, so $9.56 of RPT, $4.94 of cost per treatment.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So yes, I think there are really two ways to think about the cost mitigation and it really comes in two buckets. One is what you would expect to naturally occur in the context of a recession, which could be higher productivity because of lower turnover, lower training costs, other things related to salary, wage and benefit, so that would be one bucket. And then second is the levers we could pull proactively to take costs out of the business, recognizing that if there is mixed pressure, volume pressure that we have things we can do, we've got a resilient business model so there are actions we could take and mitigate some of those pressures as well. So there's a natural component to it and a proactive component as well.
Joel Ackerman: I would say it is too early to tell. There's just so much, we don't know yet about how this recession is likely to play out in terms of what the peak job loss will look like. How much of that is true job loss versus just furloughs, how this will roll forward and how much of we could mitigate when we think about mix. So I would say it's too early to tell how much of that we'd be able to mitigate from a cost standpoint.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. Yes. That it's not something we disclose, but Whit, it has been a faster growing business than the core business, although very small and I would add it, it tends to be a lower margin business as well.
Joel Ackerman: I don't think we've broken out that split specifically. As you look at the spike that we've seen in calcimimetics profitability starting in two years ago and then last year and this year, it's driven largely by the oral and the gap as you know between how ASP declines and how our pricing declines. I think as we think about it going-forward, obviously as the tobacco period is coming to an end, the profitability of calcimimetics is going away. I think the important question for us is 2021 and the issue between the oral genetic and the IV is how does the bundling work and how will CMS reimburse us and what is it by drug, by patient or some other methodology. And that's really what will drive the economics.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, nothing, nothing specific I would highlight other than, it's obviously labor is our largest cost item it's something we spend a lot of time focusing on and it's just something we need to manage well over the long-term, in order to deal with the fact that our RPT increases are below inflation. So it's just blocking and tackling that we just continue to excel at.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Pito, it is really tough to predict if there are a lot of moving pieces and again, the uncertainty around length and severity of the pandemic, et cetera, et cetera. I would also note that as we think about how we've modeled things in the various scenarios we played with, we've generally assumed that we're past the peak. We're kind of at or past the peak. We've got a whole bunch of – a whole range around at what pace the pandemic begins to taper. But we haven't modeled DNA a second wave. So, just as you think about our guidance and what we're comfortable with, I just wanted to point that out. In terms of specific numbers, we are thinking the number for April will be somewhere in the $30 million to $40 million range. I think it's reasonable to expect May will be in the same range. And then again, depending on how the pandemic plays out, we'd expect it to start tapering down.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I can't give you a date, because we don't have one. We are certainly going to be cautious with capital deployment. Given all the uncertainty. I think we're likely to keep a higher level of liquidity than we have in the past. So hard to say when – how we're going to think about share repurchases going forward and when some of that caution might relax.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. On the equity income, the biggest component of that is the $10 million of FX on the Asia joint venture that I called out. There is another component to this that relates to the deconsolidation of a few of our clinics, starting 1/1/2020, that the details of this will be in the 10-Q. It’s got no impact on EPS, but it does take what was OI and turns it into – it turns it, it moves it into equity income. It used to flow through revenue and costs and it moves it into equity income and then there’s an offset down at the NCI level. So those are the big things I call out there. On the other income, there was a different FX loss associated with the international business that was about $9 million. So those are the big things I call out.
Joel Ackerman: The only thing I’d add in there is, as you think about the magnitude of these investments, we’re thinking these are likely to be single digit millions. And if you think about it in the context of our free cash flow, it’s not going to change the number at all, so relatively small.
Joel Ackerman: I believe that is not correct. Just it – there was nothing significant in the movement for the quarter. We'll call it out on the quarterly basis, if we think it's important, but there was nothing important there.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, sure. We had a reasonable NAG quarter, no doubt. I wouldn't call out anything specific yet. I don't – I wouldn't say we're ready to declare victory on some of the efforts we've been undertaking to drive NAG back up. And there certainly was a tiny bit of noise at the end of the quarter. So nothing to call out there. In terms of de novos, I think we're going to wait and see what happens to the industry volumes and what happens on the home side. But I think there is certainly a possibility that is, if there is an overall NAG headwind that comes out of COVID and possibly in accelerated shift to home, that I think you would see a potential decline not just in our de novos, but in industry de novos and that would bring the capital budget down.
Joel Ackerman: Well, I'd say for 2020, depending on how long the various states shut down lasts, we might see our capital spend come down a bit there. Just some projects that we physically can't get done right now, but that'll depend on how long things last.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It's an interesting dynamic, many people are asking that same question. For now and again, it is so early in this that we don't know what the long-term implications are, but for now we saw a slight downtick, so little weakness, but then when you look at it, it's the placement of catheters that really impacted it. And then once the administration deemed it essential, that started to pick up. In addition, as we talked about, our platform really matters. Meaning that there's a lot of patients that start in center and then through education go home. Well, we saw that that number went down a bit because we didn't have a lot of educators and nonessential personnel in the centers, so we would not spread the virus. So therefore we had less of our patients in center moved home. And so when you add it all together, there's still a lot of energy, we restart 25,000 patients mark at home and we think that over time we will go back to the patterns that we saw pre-COVID which is roughly 10% or so growth.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, thanks, Kevin. I think when you think of hiring people, you got to put it into two categories. One is the G&A that gets spread out through all the clinics and then you have the frontline caregivers. And so what we announced, which was a big hiring was for frontline caregivers. And so what you're seeing is that sometimes in times like this where you've had a nursing shortage and you've had a robust economy, that it's a great opportunity to have a stable workforce. And so that's what you really saw. We had openings across the country and so we want to fill them now while there's lot of people looking for jobs
Javier Rodriguez: In general, the short answer is that it is lumpy from geography-to-geography. And so in some geographies where the hospitals because of all the elective procedures have seen big decrease in census or acute have seen that as well if COVID hasn't hit that area. Of course there are other areas where COVID is quite active where we have seen an increase. But when you net it all out, it is nothing that you would notice in the economic model if that's what you're asking.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. I'll try to give you a little color and see. In general that business is a very tough business, because of the cyclicality, meaning up and down and the demands of the hospitals 24/7. So it is a very hard business to enter. And so this is a place where our platform really shines and the hospital see the value of having the network and having the float pools where you can actually have the team to take care of the patient. So what we've seen is that a lot of hospitals value our value proposition and of course that would be included in the price and the service. And so we've seen that platform grow in a significant way.
Javier Rodriguez: And a quick reminder on that Whit, that the physicians pick whether it is IV or oral and so at the end of the day they might have a preference, right now there isn't much data and we know that the IV is a lot more expensive. So the physicians are feeling their fiduciary responsibility to do what's clinically equivalent or appears to be clinical equivalent at a much cheaper price.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. And I'll try to be as helpful as I can Whit, but as you can imagine, there's just a lot of dynamics and it's pretty early in the game. So the first and probably the biggest disclosure is it all depends on the duration and the severity of the virus. And of course if we have another wave and all those sorts of things, but if you assume that there isn't going to be another wave just for the argument and to be an optimist here, you have to start to look at, okay did the virus actually impact CKD patients that would have been on dialysis and if so how much and what magnitude? Two is if you were going to look at something that could increase volumes is, did the virus actually do damage to people that wouldn't have had some kidney damage? And so that is too early to tell. On the other side, of course the preferred kidney replacement therapy would be a transplant. And if you were going to put a transplant into categories, there's the living donors and the deceased donors. And what we're seeing right now while the virus is active is that the living donors are coming down because of the risk of infection. And so there would be some potential changes in those numbers that would increase volume of dialysis patients. So those are some of the gives and takes that are going on, we don't know how it'll all net out and so we're keeping a close eye on it.
Javier Rodriguez: My understanding is that I don't know of any COBRA expansion, but our patient population can add 11 months because of disability. So there's a disability extension. And so in essence, our patient population could have coverage for 29 months. I do not know if there's a COVID exception.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, there's a lot of different views on your question and at the end of the day it is just speculation because we don't know. It is a very individual and personal decision. But in general, the reason why people would pick MA is because it has a max out of pocket and it has some additional benefits. And the reason why people would stay in Medicare is because they're used to it. It has basically almost an unlimited network, if you will, which it doesn't have the restrictions. If you have secondary coverage, it really helps you in your out of pocket expenses. And so what we've said in the past and we continue to say is that, we don't have any information that would lead us to conclude anything other than our population would likely mirror that of the general population. The only reason why we are so different is because this is the only population that wasn't allowed to enroll in Medicare Advantage. So the only people that are there are the ones that enrolled pre their kidneys failing. And so there's going to be open enrollment. And now the question is what will be the environment in the fall? Will patients be able to sit with someone? Will they have a website? Will they be more nervous, more fatigue? Is the virus still with us or are we in a more normal situation? And the short answer is we don't know any of that. So I'm just giving you the data of how someone would pick one versus another.
Javier Rodriguez: I might be getting lost in the details of, correct me if I’m wrong here Joel, because I might be aggregating pools that I’m not, but the CARES Act relief fund is how I have it in my head. And those are the funds that we decided were the intention of the government, which everybody can interpret in different ways. But from our perspective, they were a safety net. And they were to be used for people that needed that money, because the economic damage was so severe that they can keep their doors open. And so while it’s you can tell from the numbers that that Joel gave you, we have big expense increases. And by the way, the numbers that you cited there the $30 million, $40 million is monthly. So we have had big expenses. We don’t think that that was the intention of money, so we’re going to get that back.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. It was the ladder, which is a proactive decision by the Board and management. And again you could make a very good case to say the spirit of that was to reimburse high expenses related to COVID, which we have many including PT, additional labor overtime and all of the things that we’ve described on the call. We came on the other side, which is the government, which needs to be totally commended. Just said, we’ve never had anything like this. And so we’re going to distribute money to make sure that the wellbeing of Americans has taken care of. And then we’ll reconcile. Well, we don’t need time to reconcile. We know that we are not in that spot where we’re the safety net. And so we want to be proactive. So the government gets visibility. Those people that can give them money back and that money can be redeployed as soon as possible to the people that really need it. So it’s really about the spirit, than we made the decision.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thank you, Matt. We’re really excited about DaVita Venture, and basically we have a lot of entrepreneurs that are coming out with all kinds of great things. And they’re saying, can we partner with you? And so this Venture Group is out there and now really generating demand. And so we want to be the partner of choice. And as we talked about capital markets we’re expanding from being a dialysis company to being a full kidney care company and that means that we’re going to need certain technologies and partners from diagnostic to pharmaceuticals to other areas in transplant. And so we want to be out there and we’re really excited about it.
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab them. Lisa, first of all, you’ve exceeded my knowledge of COBRA. And Joel, I don’t know if you know that technical piece.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, I do not. And so – but we could get back to you, but I do not have any more insights on that. Sorry. But you had a second part of your question, Lisa.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I’ll just say in general, I have not had the courage to ask anything, because obviously, all hands have been on deck for this COVID crisis. I’m hopeful that policy makers will see the value of integrated care and that they will see the power of connecting the sites of care and having this organized fashion really helped, because if you look at DaVita as an example, and how we were organized with PPE and how we were able to stand up cohorting centers. How we were able to take care of our teammates with childcare and other things. We obviously saw that in other areas, but we did not see that in a lot of the smaller players. And so we’re hopeful that the government sees the resource organization and capabilities around the country is also quite useful. And if you connect the sites of care and the technology that could benefit the system and the patients. So we will see post-COVID.
Javier Rodriguez: So the way I’m thinking about it is, if you start with a strong performance in the core in Q1 and you offset that with the COVID costs and then add back sequestration, we kind of feel like – and then there are some natural costs that come down. T&E is a simple example of that. We feel like net-net, we wind up with a potential headwind that we’re comfortable absorbing in without changing our guidance. So if you want to think about how do we get to maintaining our guidance, strong Q1 the negative of COVID offset by the $50-ish million from the sequestration suspension and some other cost offsets.
Javier Rodriguez: No. What I would add is, of course we taken very, very seriously. And we have just been through our corporate integrity agreement. We’ve been on it for five years and we continue to want to lead and show the spirit of compliance and the law of compliance. And so we’re disappointed every time we get them. And of course, they can come through many different ways, including investigations, inquiries. And you hope that once they see what we’re doing that they’re satisfied with that. But every time we get them I can tell you personally, I am very, very frustrated because we talk and live compliance on a daily basis. So nothing else to add to that, Justin.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, so there are really two components to that. There’s COBRA and patients who are on the exchanges, the numbers in the kind of 25% to 30%, I believe.
Javier Rodriguez: As opposed to give you a number, I think what I can tell you is that due to COVID, the injunction stayed and so basically what that means in late terms is, there’s an extension of the case. And so unlikely to have much of an impact unless, because of the timing until the fourth quarter, depending how the case goes and then am I going to Q1 of 2021. So the number’s still the same. The timing has shifted and of course the outcome is unknown.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well let me wrap up with a couple of closing remarks. Number one, thank you for all the support. Number two, I don't know if I can convey in words how proud I am of our team. The beauty and the dedication that I've seen over the last 60 days is just literally hard to put into words. The fact that our government and our competitors and us put everything aside and co-hearted and work together to take care of our patients. It's just beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. The clinical focus and the infection control expertise that we have has been critical in helping us do this virus. Point three, our platform, the importance of the platform in connecting the sites of care has been highlighted through this crisis. The resilience of our team and our business model has been beautiful, beautiful, beautiful financially, strong balance sheet and a proven track record of cost management. And lastly, I do think that philosophically it is time to come together as a country and we are happy to do our part. So thank you for your interest in our company and we'll talk again next quarter.
