Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. First quarter adjusted operating income was $463 million. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.38, and free cash flow was negative $327 million. Our Q1 results reflect strong core operating performance as well as the impacts from delayed submission and payment of claims due to the Change Healthcare outage, which I will expand on shortly. With that, let me dive into the detail for the quarter. U.S. dialysis treatments per day were slightly lower in Q1 as compared to Q4, consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Q1 was our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year new-to-dialysis admissions growth, although mortality remains elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. For the full year, we maintain our expectations of 1% to 2% treatment volume growth. Revenue per treatment was down approximately $2 quarter-over-quarter. This is primarily due to typical seasonality related to patient coinsurance and deductibles offset by typical rate increases, contracted escalators and mix improvements. We continue to see strength in RPT as the result of revenue cycle improvements and we're trending towards the top of our original RPT range of 2.5% to 3% growth year-over-year. Non-GAAP patient care cost per treatment declined $8 sequentially, down from the seasonally elevated fourth quarter. As a reminder, Q4 seasonality was higher than typical and we see this reflected in the sequential quarterly change. International adjusted operating income increased $15 million sequentially, a return to normal from a low in Q4 related to higher bad debt reserves. Additionally, Q1 benefited from foreign exchange tailwinds. As Javier mentioned, this quarter, we announced acquisitions in 4 Latin American countries, including our entrance into Chile and our anticipated entrants into Ecuador. These acquisitions are expected to close at various points during 2024 and we anticipate that their partial year operating income in 2024 will largely be offset by expenses related to the acquisitions.  Transitioning to cash flow and capital allocations. As you'll see in our quarter end numbers, U.S. dialysis days sales outstanding increased by 19 days. And at the end of the quarter, we were drawn $765 million on our revolver, reflecting an increase in our leverage ratio to 3.3x at the end of Q1. As Javier noted, these increases are directly attributable to the Change Healthcare outage.  Since the Change platform has come back online, these metrics have improved dramatically. We have caught up and are now current on primary claims submission. Cash receipts are catching up and we have fully paid down the $765 million of revolver draw through a combination of strong April cash flow and interest-free funding from UnitedHealth Group, Change's parent company. By the end of Q2, we expect the majority of the DSO increase to have reversed. In Q1, we repurchased 2.1 million shares, but out of an abundance of caution, we temporarily suspended our share repurchases in March in light of the Change disruption. Given where we are today, we expect to resume share repurchases subject to our typical capital allocation considerations. As we look to full year 2024, we are updating adjusted operating income guidance to $1.875 billion to $1.975 billion, a $25 million increase in the midpoint relative to our previous guidance. We are also updating EPS guidance to a range from $9 to $9.80. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So the big difference between the year-over-year number on treatments per day versus the NAG number or the treatment number is actually day mix. So Q1 in '24 had an extra Tuesday and it also had New Year's Day on a Monday and what happens then is about half the volume gets pushed to Sunday. Those 2 things combined can lead to more than 0.5 point of volume swing. So I think of Q1 year-over-year as a positive number of 40 or 50 bps of year-over-year growth, but as you highlighted, below the 1% to 2% range.  As I think about how do you bridge the range of 1% to 2% versus the Q1 number, I'd point to 2 things. First is clinic closures. The timing of clinic closures in the back half of 2023, and the pattern we're expecting for '24 is a drag on volume early in '24, but much less so towards the next 3 quarters. That would be one.  The second is there's a lot of seasonality, both in new to dialysis admits as well as to mortality, and that could move from month to month. And just looking at the pattern of what we saw in '23 versus what we're expecting in '24, we still feel good about the 1% to 2% growth but we think it's going to come a little later in the year than anticipated. So I'd emphasize again, Q1 was in line with what we were expecting, the general pattern of new-to-dialysis admits being strong, offset by continued challenges on mortality. None of that has changed, and we feel good about the 1% to 2% for the year. 
Joel Ackerman: It has generally come down significantly since its peak. It does move around from quarter-to-quarter, and it's frankly, still a little early to know exactly where Q1 landed. As you know, we don't find out mortality until a few months after the period. So we're keeping a careful eye on it. It's -- as I said, it's come way down, but remains elevated. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So sequentially, it's a lot about the higher seasonality we saw in Q4 that we called out. Year-over-year, wage pressure continues, as we've said, it's offset versus Q1 of '23 by lower contract costs and also a productivity pickup in the quarter. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think that is right. The seasonality of, call it, $5 a treatment that we typically see in Q1, we saw this quarter. So we'd expect to pick that up in RPT in Q2 and the rest of the year. In terms of anything unusual in the quarter, nothing that I would highlight. I think the Q1 number is a pretty clean number off of which to model the rest of the year. 
Joel Ackerman: We're right around the high end of the range, right around the 3%. If you think of the guide as being up $25 million at the midpoint, and you attribute that to RPT, which is, I think, a fair way to think about it, that would put you right around 3% year-over-year. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, seasonality is something that's -- I think there are clear patterns in our seasonality, but it does vary from year to year. The RPT pickup from Q1, I think, is probably the clearest part of our seasonality. Other things would be wage pressure tends to grow over the course of the year as does other parts of RPT, but the wage pressure tends to be higher. And then we often see Q4 expenses going up for year-end and other items. So we've seen, as we did in '23, some real negative seasonality in Q4. That's all around U.S. dialysis. . IKC is tougher to call out. We tend to do a little bit better in the back half of the year. But as you know, that can move around from year to year. So annualizing Q1, I don't think is the best way to get you there. I think actually, if you annualize our OI, you'd come in a little bit below our range. So I think you've got to adjust for the RPT. You've got to think about the Q4 seasonal weakness, and you'd get a number in our range. 
Joel Ackerman: I don't have a number for you. That number typically grows with -- around the volume growth -- around our historical volume growth numbers, and I think it's right in there with that this quarter as well. 
Joel Ackerman: We're not raising it, assuming that this beat persists throughout the year. We're -- the quarter came in better than expected, but I don't think you can multiply that by 4 to get to the new number. 
Joel Ackerman: It's -- I think part of it is how we were modeling it for the year, and it came in -- the pattern came in a little bit different than we expected. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So on wage inflation, we called out at the beginning of the year, we were expecting something around 5%, and it's tracking pretty consistent with what we were expecting. So not a lot to update on that. . In terms of mistreatment rate, it's doing what we had largely expected, which is slowly improving year after year post COVID, not a lot to call out. It's a pretty small magnitude. We think we'll get back to our historical mistreatment rate over a few years. So in any given year, it's not really a significant number. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So first, thank you, Gary, for those kind words. As we look forward, I don't think we're changing our long-term OI growth number from 3% to 7%. So I'd start with that. That said, I also don't think we're running out of opportunities to continue to run the business well and deliver high-quality clinical care to our patients and continue to improve our bottom line and potentially our margins. we've done this not just on the back of cost cutting, I would highlight, right?  We've done a lot on the revenue side that has kicked in nicely. But I think there are other opportunities as well. Continued progress on IKC would be on the list. I think capacity utilization improvements would be another important one that I point to. I think there are other components of our cost structure, which could be productivity, could be other things nonlabor-related that we can continue to manage. So I don't feel like we're running out of ideas. That said, we're also not ready to raise our long-term OI guidance above 3% to 7%. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. And Gary, just to add one thing on to what Javier said, we can improve capacity utilization without closing any more centers. We're just absorbing treatment growth in our existing footprints. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I would say we're largely on track. There's a lot of seasonality in this business. And obviously, you learn more as the year progresses, but there was nothing surprising to us in the Q1 results. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. So you had a higher year-end number and you're just getting there faster according to what you've seen in [ Q1 ]. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Yes. No, it does. I guess you're basically saying that it's coming in line, not -- it's not higher or lower than what you were predicting so far in Q1. 
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. And then maybe just last question. International business acquisition, it sounds like you guys are really excited about it. We always just kind of wondered that sometimes like when one large-scale player exits an asset and another large-scale player comes in? Like how do you think about what you can add to those assets? Or how do you just think about what the opportunity was there, if someone else in theory had similar optionality felt like it was time to get out. 
Javier Rodriguez: It's a great question, and we're not arrogant enough to say that we're better operators. What we're looking at is that there's some efficiencies to be gained by economies of scale. We were present in these countries, and we had offices that we could leverage. So in essence, the fixed part of the business was levered in a more meaningful way. And so I think that that's how one entity can exit and the other entity, you can see, it is an attractive asset. But as we said in the beginning, we look at our normal filters of clinical differentiation. We wanted to scale and help them with the scale, and we thought we could get to a good attractive risk adjusted return. 
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Dean. I think the number will be somewhere in the 30 or so closures sort of net, that would be the right number to have on the net build and closures. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I think the -- let me clarify because a couple of those numbers didn't resonate, but maybe we can clarify them here. I think the better way to think about it is how are we doing in utilization of our centers and preclosing of these centers pre the excess mortality, we were in the mid-60s of utilization. And right now, we're at [ 58-ish ] percent utilization. And so we have more capacity available, and therefore, we're less likely to have a need to deploy capital to build centers. And while our home has improved, it hasn't improved that much. Our mix continues to be around 15% of our patients at home. And so hopefully, that clarifies a couple of those points there. 
Javier Rodriguez: I think we still aspire to that goal. There's obviously a timing component to it, and we'll watch it, but we're still aspiring to get it all done. 
Javier Rodriguez: No. I think you've got it in the right light, which is we are opportunistic, and we're always looking for a transaction that meets the criteria that we've outlined. And if we don't find it, we don't execute. And if we find it, we do. And so there's no urgency or rush but rather just doing business with discipline and according to our plan. 
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Let me take them in order. And if I miss anything, please remind me. On utilization, that number is the chronic center utilization, and the way to think about a home is, of course, it can add patients much easier and with much lower capital deployment. And so you got it right that utilization that we gave is in-center. As it relates to MIRCERA, that's pretty much the vast majority if not all are now on MIRCERA. And so that's played out.  And then on hemodiafiltration, I think it will be interesting to see how that plays out in the United States because it's -- as you know, it's allowed in many different countries. And the numbers that we have are really all over the place, meaning in some countries, the vast majority of patients get it. While in others, it's a tiny percentage of the patients that get it. And so while there is 1 or 2 studies that say that it could be better because it gets the mid molecules through. There's a lot of holes that you can poke in those studies and so we'll have to see how that plays out.  And then, of course, the FDA approved the machine, but we don't have any reimbursement guidance. So at the end of it, you'll have to incorporate, a, what the doctor wants, what the patient wants because it might take more time to do that treatment and then put the economic model on top of that. So we've got too many variables there that are still to be defined to be able to size it in a helpful way. 
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your questions and interest in DaVita. As we discussed on the call, we're off to a strong start of the year. And of course, we'll continue to work hard to stay on this trajectory. First and foremost, we remain vigilant in providing great clinical care for our patients. Thank you all for joining the call, and be well. 
