Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. The second quarter was strong, with solid fundamentals and solid earnings growth in our dialysis business. I'll give you three high-level points on the financials, and then Joe will go into more detail. First, normalized non-acquired growth was flat for the first quarter. Second, revenue per treatment was up slightly after adjusting for Medicare bad debt recoveries in the first and second quarter. Third, we continued to contain our costs despite wage pressure. On today's call, I will focus on five topics. First, as you probably know, the preliminary 2019 Medicare rate was released a few weeks ago. After five years of practically no increase, we are encouraged to be back in an environment where Medicare fee-for-service rates will be growing again and help offset inflationary reality. Second, calcimimetics, the transition from Part D to Part B reimbursement continues to go well. In the second quarter, utilization and economics look similar to the first quarter. Across our Kidney Care business, we expect the net impact of calcimimetics to be a mid-single-digit margin before our indirect costs to administer the drugs. For the third topic, let me provide an update on the human activities and some bad public policies they're seeking to pass. There are three different issues the industry faces and that it opposes: number one, a bill in California that seeks to restrict dialysis patients' access to charitable premium assistance by creating hurdles to patients and charities and limiting the providers' reimbursement for commercial patients to Medicare rates; number two, a ballot measure in California to capture reimbursement from private payers and interferes with our contract to the benefit of private insurance; number three, we will likely face the similar ballot measure in Ohio. In the next two weeks, we will know if the Ohio measures has qualified. The dialysis community is committed to advocating against the measures on behalf of our patients, our teammates, and our shareholders. We are working with a broad coalition of over 100 healthcare providers and patient groups to oppose these measures and intend to do whatever is necessary to educate voters on why these measures are flawed. Unfortunately, educating voters on regulations around a complex and lifesaving therapy such as dialysis will be expensive. On to the fourth topic, GranuFlo, a jury recently handed down a negative verdict involving DaVita's use of GranuFlo, one of the components used to produce dialysis. Before I comment on the case, I want to be clear. DaVita's first priority always has been and will continue to be the care and safety of our patients. DaVita has a clear record of improving patient quality of life and reducing patient mortality over the last two decades. Now on to the case, we do not believe the verdict is supported by the facts or the law. We will be pursuing all avenues to overturn this verdict and do not believe that the verdict will stand in its current form. My fifth and final topic is DaVita Rx. As we talked about in the past, changes in the oral pharmacy space, including reimbursement reductions, have hurt the economics of DaVita Rx. As a result, we are looking for a new way to deliver high-quality pharmacy services to our patients in a more cost-effective manner while maintaining our medication management capabilities. As such, we will be outsourcing the customer service and fulfillment functions of DaVita Rx. We will maintain our renal-related medication management capabilities in-house, which will help us provide differentiated integrated care to dialysis patients. And in 2019 and beyond, what remains of DaVita Rx will be accounted for as part of our U.S. dialysis and lab segment, similarly to how we handle our labs. Let me finish by emphasizing that the underlying dialysis operations and clinical results remain strong. These results allowed us to maintain our adjusted operating income guidance range while absorbing the significant anticipated advocacy costs. Now on to Joel for some financial details and our results.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Kevin, we figured you'd ask the question. Unfortunately, the answer is not very satisfying because there are so many variables in play and literally every day there's a new dynamic. As you can imagine, they're all very different. But if the ballot initiative passes in California, you'll instantly have approximately 66,000 patients that are being treated in centers that mostly will be unsustainable. And so to assume that there's going to be some kind of a plan, a backup for that is just unrealistic. So then you've got to go into how would it play out and then you go into, well, okay is there going to be some intervention by policy makers to avoid a crisis and if there are some regulatory things or some legal challenges we could do, and so on and so forth. But the answer to your question is we're not going to give a number. It's too hard to do so.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Right, so it's on all costs to all payers the de facto because Medicare is in essence the low cost in many instances. You really are thinking about the commercial payers.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Unfortunately, the math is not straightforward on the numbers that we gave you in the past and this one because if you look at the bill, it could effectively eliminate charitable assistance for dialysis patients because it's got inconsistencies between the bill and the OIG guidance relating to the dialysis charity assistance. So it could literally result in disproportionately hurting low income population. And so then you have to go into how would that population behave, what plan would they pick, what's happening with our competitors, are they having less capacity in their centers? So are patients having to in essence go deeper into their pocketbook because they don't want to be displaced, et cetera? So again, SB 1156 is quite dynamic and keeps changing. And every time it changes it introduces a new twist, but the math is not intuitive at that level that you have.
Javier J. Rodriguez: No, I apologize if that's what you heard. We will find out on August 13, I believe, if it qualifies, so in the next couple weeks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: The transition will be in Q3, maybe it slips a little into Q4, and the economics post that in 2019 will be irrelevant.
Javier J. Rodriguez: It's mainly a revenue change, John. So we've had a couple of contractual changes in a drug that has the potential of being generic for quite some time. It went generic, and it went generic, and the pricing was quite rapid, the decrease in pricing. So the combination of several revenue hits made the decision, while painful, the right one.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck: It's a rebate to the commercial plan, but that 15% of allowable cost, is that done at the site level across all payers that includes Medicare and Medicaid, or is it only applied to your commercial customers, which would obviously be a different thing? If you had allowable costs on Medicare, that would help. Obviously, you're not making your 15% on Medicare. And therefore, it would increase the overall profits of the facility rather than if you were only to apply that to the commercial side of things.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck: Yeah, okay, that's how we're thinking about it. And then I guess the last question then, on the bill that's being debated in California, how do you think about – you guys have quantified some impacts before about – if CP-8 were to go away. How do you think about that I guess, in rough terms? Would that be similar to the gross impact exposure weighted by the California exposure of that, or do you think that it would be the net number you say that there would be offsets and the number is closer to $100 million? The $250 million is more the way to think about California being 20% of that is just order of magnitude on that.
Kevin Mark Fischbeck: Okay. Actually I lied, one more question. Given these three things, I'm a big fan of you guys buying back stock in advance of DMG closing if you've got good visibility on that closing. But I guess how did you think about buying back stock in front of these three things? I guess any one of these things could be meaningful to the company. So how do you think about valuing the company given those potential risks? And that's it, thanks.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: It's a tough question to answer, Kevin, given the uncertainty that these three things create looking forward, but we stuck to our principles, which were looking at the long-term intrinsic value of the company and using that as well as a number of items to decide the pace at which we want to buy, which is obviously influenced by the DMG closing and our not wanting to have to accumulate rapidly during some artificially high stock price. So you put that all in the mix, and that's where we came out in terms of our buyback for the quarter.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, so a few things. Obviously, you've going to back out all the noise. Two things to point out, one is the 401(k), which was an artificial improvement to 2017. So that would probably be the single biggest thing to call out looking at how to adjust year-over-year margins.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes, it is, and it's relatively flat across the year. So there's not a lot of quarterly variation in that.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, so I think the reason the range remains so wide is advocacy that is contributing to an uncertainty that remains at this stage in the year. In terms of where in the range, I think we're just comfortable with the range, and we'll let it play out.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: We don't guide quarterly, and I don't think we're going to comment quarterly on where we came out relative to internal expectations. We're going to stick with guiding for the year. We think that gives you the visibility that we can offer.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yes, it's the expected non-deductibility of our advocacy costs that we expect to pay in the balance of the year – or to spend in the balance of the year. Justin, I misspoke in the script. I think I said I was – I referenced the tax associated with DaVita Rx. That was just a foot fault. I just meant DaVita, in case that wasn't clear. But yes, the 200 basis points is from the advocacy, which is not deductible.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Frank, we have been comfortable communicating our strategy about buybacks, but we're very reluctant to comment about what we're going to do in any given period. It's not something we want to signal. We don't want to drive the stock up artificially and then feel compelled to buy into that. So we will continue with our buyback strategy, but I don't have any particular color for you in the next quarter or so leading up to be the ballot initiative.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So for next year, we are comfortable saying that we will head back down to a number that's more closely aligned with our 2017 number, and that our view is that 2018 had a couple of things worth roughly $100 million that were unusual, and those will go away, so, something in the low $800 million.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: The $800 million – I'm sorry, John. The $800 million is – I wouldn't call it a new plateau. It's definitely tied to our growth. Remember, most of that is not maintenance CapEx, it's development CapEx. We are thinking about ways to get the number down both through small initiatives around lower cost to build de novos, in lowering our IT spend and stuff like that, as well as some larger ideas that I mentioned briefly on the call last quarter. That said, I don't think we're prepared to guide to any trend on the number ahead of what we've said about 2019.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Gary, I'll remind you that the APAC joint venture we have is an equity investment, and the foreign exchange swings related to that come through that equity line.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I think you should expect that to swing around and not contribute in either direction over any sustained period of time.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, there's some noise in that line. I think in Q1 it had the DHS number, which was a $17 million good guy. In Q2, it had the Paladina write up, which was a $35 million good guy.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, there is some – within the government line, remember, Medicare fee-for-service is not our only government payer. There's Medicare Advantage. There's Medicaid fee-for-service and managed Medicaid. So as mix shifts between those buckets, you can see some shifts in the RPT.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: I would not use that as a proxy for what we can buy. What percentage of the volume we are does affect our thinking at times. But I wouldn't say over the course of the quarter or the year to date, that's been a driving factor in how we think about buybacks.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: No, there are other small things related to the change in the tax law that will flow through that, but it's largely related to advocacy.
