Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. Operating income for the quarter was strong. Let me walk you through some of the details starting with the components of the US dialysis and lab segment. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 2.1%. Given the first half of the year performance, we now expect non-acquired growth to be between 1.75% and 2.25% in the second half of the year, which would put the full year between 2% and 2.25%, falling short of the guidance we provided earlier this year. Revenue per treatment was up sequentially by $1.60, driven by some positive fluctuations in rate partially offset by a decline in calcimimetics reimbursement and a slight decline in commercial mix. Excluding the impact of calcimimetics, an incremental Medicare bad debt revenue recognized in 2018 on the adoption of the new revenue standard, year to date, revenue per treatment is in line with our full-year guidance. Patient care costs were down approximately $9 per treatment quarter over quarter, driven primarily by improved productivity, seasonal declines in payroll taxes, lower benefit expenses and lower costs for calcimimetics. We do expect some of this favorability to reverse in the second half of the year. Dialysis and lab segment G&A was up quarter over quarter at $1.68 per treatment due to increases in professional fees, the timing of our annual national meeting, and increased compensation expense. This increase in compensation expense in the quarter is mostly formulaic, as it is driven by the improved operating income expectations for 2019. We expect G&A for treatment for the second half of 2019 to be relatively flat with this quarter. Moving on to calcimimetics, we've benefited year to date from multiple launches of generic oral drugs, which have led to declining acquisition prices. Because the reimbursement methodology lags these costs decreases by approximately six months, we have temporarily benefitted until reimbursement declines. In Q2 2019, we generated operating income of approximately $40 million from calcimimetics. This is approximately $14 per treatment of revenue and cost of about $9 per treatment. For 2019, we think the most likely range for the net operating income benefit from calcimimetics will be $125 million to $150 million. We do not expect this to occur in future years. Our current estimate is that the future operating income contributions from calcimimetics will be roughly breakeven. In international for the quarter, we generated approximately $1 million of operating income and we continue to expect to generate positive adjusted operating income for the year. Our effective tax rate on adjusted income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations for the quarter was 27.9%. We continue to expect our effective tax rate on adjusted tax -- we continue to expect our effective adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita for the full year to be between 28.5% and 29.5%. Now on to cash flow. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for the second quarter was $574 million. DSOs for the US dialysis and lab business declined sequentiallyby one day to 63 days in Q2 2019. Reported CapEx for continuing operations for the quarter was $156 million. For 2019, we expect to report approximately 120 de novos. This represents the number of new centers that are certified in the year and is primarily the result of decisions that were made approximately two years ago. The actual numbers of centers that we are building in 2019 is significantly lower. Our current forecast for new center construction for 2019 is approximately 80 centers. This will result in fewer certified centers reported next year. As noted in our releaselast week, we increased our adjusted operating income guidance for the year to $1.64 billion to $1.7 billion. We're also increasing operating cash flow to $1.45 billion to $1.625 billion consistent with a tax effective change to our adjusted operating income. As always, our guidance is built to incorporate the impact of expected swing factors, although there are scenarios in which we could end up above or below this range. Now, I'll turn it over to Javier for some closing remarks.
Joel Ackerman: As I look at the rest of the year, obviously they're ranges in there. But, I'd say, the core business, the general dynamics are revenues coming in as expected, labor is favorable, growth is unfavorable. You put that all together, the core is relatively in line with what we were expecting.
Joel Ackerman: So, on the de novo issue specifically, it depends a lot on what the rest of the industry builds. Our expectation is that as the industry growth slows and there's a shift to home, we'll be building fewer centers. What the rest of the industry chooses to do, it's hard to predict. So that's the dynamic there. In terms of industry growth looking forward, again hard to predict, you look at the USRDS data, which has a few quarter lag, you can certainly see a slow down there. You layer on to that, the more real time numbers we're seeing in terms of transplants, and that growth seems -- I mean, it's still early but it seems to be accelerating for 2019. So you put that all together, and it's again hard to predict what will happen to the industry. But it's not hard to see that continuing to slow as well.
Joel Ackerman: And it's important to remember, Kevin that roughly 80% of patients that are home end up in-center. And so, the continuum of care is necessary throughout a patient's journey.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, Justin, the two biggest drivers were labor productivity and calcimimetics. The calcimimetics, I think, we've called out that number should continue to decline over the rest of the year. In terms of labor productivity, it was a big jump. It was great performance by the team as we think about how that plays out for the rest of the year. We think there is certainly the possibility that some of that reverses itself. We're looking carefully at seasonality in the current environment. There is some seasonality to turnover, which generates seasonal patterns of training that can be higher in the back half of the year. And as training goes up, labor productivity comes down.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, if you stick with the middle of the range for the full year, you would just -- for calcimimetics, both '18 and '19 and then just for the four things we called out in 2018, you get OI that's flattish year-over-year. So, I agree with your math. In terms of what's driving it, I'd call out two things. The biggest one is wage rates versus RPT growth. That is a headwind. We have some offsets to it, but with our biggest cost item growing in the ballpark of 3% and RPT 1% or below, that's a headwind. The other is largely the result of calcimimetics and this gets a little technical. So let me try and explain this. Some of our variable comp is a long-term incentive program. Those targets for next year get set in 2017 and we're accruing against that LTIP payout this year as well as last year. Because of the OI generated by calcimimetics, it's led to a much larger accrual this year than last year, and that creates a headwind in '19 over '18. So that's a second component of what's holding back the OI growth year-over-year.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. I'd say, there are two things driving that. One is, there is some reversal on the labor productivity. And second, there is some G&A timing that we think will hit in the second half of the year. That leads to basically again at the middle of the range, a flat second half of the year versus the first half of the year. That again backs out calcimimetics.
Joel Ackerman: No, I wouldn't call that out as a major tailwind next year over this year. I'd call it out as a headwind last year. There's a little bit niche, but it's not something -- it's not of a magnitude that's worth that I'd want to call out. On the calcimimetics slope, first I'd say, there's still uncertainty about how calcimimetics plays out. So, we've given you a range there and it could be above or below that range. The expectation is, Q3 will be higher than Q4 and going into 2020, we're expecting it to be pretty close to zero.
Joel Ackerman: We're not updating that. We currently expect roughly to continue to be in the range. But you can certainly imply from the comments that we're likely to be at the higher end of it.
Joel Ackerman: There's a lot of timing swings that can go into the CapEx from one quarter to the next. So, I wouldn't read too much into the fact that the first half of the year was a bit less than half of our guidance.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Steve, look it's a great question. We're not going to give any long-term guidance on the earnings call today, it's a more appropriate topic for Capital Markets Day. So, hold on a few weeks and we'll address that.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. I would say that, we don't like to talk about rates, but just to give you an orientation, they do have a premium to Medicare, but it is way closer to Medicare than it is to commercial rates.
Joel Ackerman: There is nothing too interesting there that we've got some higher legal fees in there and a couple of other things. But nothing worth calling out.
Joel Ackerman: I don't know if it's crystallizing, but rather it's not going away. And so we just know that the unions are very present and they want to be disruptive. And obviously, they were disruptive last year, so we think that it's in their playbook.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, Gary, the only thing I'd add is Q1 was a bit light, and if you think about what's -- how to think about run rate of where we are, our guidance for the back half of the year, as I said before, would imply that Q2 isn't the run rate, but the average of Q1 and Q2 is the run rate. So I think part of the improvement was Q1 was a bit light and Q2 was particularly strong.
Joel Ackerman: I'm trying to do the quick math in my head. It would be up a little bit more than that. I'm thinking about 25 million although someone's going to flash me the exact number year-over-year.
Joel Ackerman: Gary, I was a few million light on my year-over-year, so calcimimetics was up roughly 28 million year-over-year in Q2.
Joel Ackerman: Matt, let me make sure, we remind you that last quarter I said that the guidance we gave on mix at JPMorgan was too tight at that plus or minus 5 basis point that it moves up and down more than that. And if you had me guess, we'd probably be down slightly by the end of the year but all that is incorporated in our guidance.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, obviously it'll come down as the total leverage number comes down. The financing is in process now, so it's hard to predict where ultimately what we will wind up with rates. But we will be more skewed towards bank versus bond as a result of this and that would likely bring the kind of weighted average interest rate down a bit. So lower rate likely combined with a lot less debt.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Joel. While it's too early to provide guidance for 2020, there are three specific call outs regarding next year above and beyond the normal puts and takes. Number one, we expect the operating income from calcimimetics to go away as Joel mentioned earlier. Number two, we expect the potential headwind from union driven ballot initiatives, and number three, CMS preliminary proposed net market basket update for 2020 is approximately 1.7. I am looking forward to providing more color on our strategy on our upcoming Capital Markets Day which is now September 10 in New York. So, that is it. Darin, if you could open the line for Q&A.
Javier Rodriguez: We do think the industry growth is slowing. That's what we've seen over the last few years. You see it in the USRDS data. So, I might have created some confusion, but we do see -- we do expect the growth to slow down.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. We have very little information on it other than directionally what they want to do or what they mention is to move the curve to the left, if you will. And when you're as big as we are, 37%, you assume that at some point, you're going to look a bit like the curve. And so, they have not given us much colors. There's a point system, et cetera, but we don't know how it will work. And that's one of the things that we're trying to shape in the 60-day comment period, because of course we would like that to have some upside for those that outperform.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So, Kevin, you'd have to look at this market-by-market, and there could be some markets where our in-center capacity becomes less utilized as a result of this. But if you look at it in general across the country, we don't expect to create any sort of trap G&A or underleveraging of the centers through the growth of home. We think there will be enough industry growth to satisfy the increased shift to home without emptying out centers.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So we're restricted from talking about pricing on our Amgen contract, but we are a very large customer. So, I think you can do some back-of-the-envelope math on pricing.
Javier Rodriguez: The patient utilization is relatively stable. There are changes in the move from oral to IV that can impact the number as well. But overall, the OI from calcimimetics, Q1 to Q2, was pretty consistent.
Javier Rodriguez: No. I believe the IV number is up a bit. So, I think we should take this offline, maybe we can help you with your math after the call.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. The ASP has this lag relative to the cost coming down, and we expect by 2020, it'll effectively have caught up. The reason why they expanded the TDAPA is because they're trying to calculate what if anything they do to the bundle. And the fact that not all patients get this drug and the fact that the pricing continues to change and the fact that oral is so much cheaper than IV makes that math complicated. So they just said, let's extend the year and do it a plus zero.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. The short answer is, we don't have any visibility but we know that the union is trying to just throw sand in the gears and make it difficult for us. And so just being that 2020 is the ballot year, we just are calling it out, so we're not surprising anyone.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. I don't think we're going to comment on any large M&A that may or may not be happening in internationally, we continue to look at growing international. We want to do it in a capital efficient way, but we're not going to comment on any specific transactions.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. Well, you've got your finger right on the pulse, which is people start off a bit nervous and then when we start talking and seeing what we can do with that patient population together, some very constructive and productive conversations usually flow thereafter. So, right now, the regular MA population in the country is in the mid-30s; in dialysis patients, it's somewhere in the mid-20s. And so the first thing they think about is like, oh my gosh, volume expansion, but of course what MA is so good about doing is adding value to patients that actually consume a lot of services and our patients are that very sick and they consume a lot of services. So once we sit down and we explore different methodologies, we're coming up with some win-wins. And so that's the conversations we're having around the country.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. It's an interesting way to look at it. I think in general, the big structural advantage that you should think of is that the patients are with us 12 hours a week, and we could do a lot in-center, we could do a lot of coordination. And so, we have a strategic structural advantage, if you will. And so that's one of the things that puts us in the center of it, and that doesn't mean that we have to do everything. So that might open up to some of the things you're talking about and some partnerships with others. But the big -- the big sort of game changer is actually having the patient 12 hours.
Javier Rodriguez: No, look, to answer the question, there was no big layoff or anything like that. It was literally amazing operational discipline across the country. And this is one of those things, 2,600 centers with operations just doing great work. And you see the calcimimetics price decrease, we can't take credit for that. They're just new entrants in generics and as someone mentioned on the call, there's other pharmaceuticals that are moving downward as well on some pricing, sometimes utilization. And so it was just a good quarter on that front and we're very proud of it.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. I wouldn't say that there's anything you learn other than a reminder of how diligent you have to be when you go across such a wide system. In addition, the dynamic that we talked about the interlink between productivity and growth is one of the things that we're continuing to debate which is if you run very, very lean and efficient, sometimes you might not have the staffing if that new patients coming to open up a shift or you might not be as agile as you want. And so, sometimes you might actually go too productive and so what we're evaluating is, should you build a little slack in the system and build more labor, and what is the economic trade-off between that and [indiscernible] and how does that all net out? And as you can imagine that depends on the type of insurance of the patient. It depends on whether there's more patients coming to that shift, et cetera, et cetera. And all that assumes that we're in full control of labor sometimes of course someone goes on leave or someone quits and it's a tight labor market. So all those dynamics are in interplay and so we have good productivity and bad [indiscernible] and we're trying to figure out how we feel about the whole thing, but OI was good that quarter.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure, Gary. We've had a lot of input. We have had many discussions, many meetings. Of course, when you give your opinion, it is just that an opinion and they take it into account, and they listen to all the different constituents. And so, you never know exactly how your opinion is landing or your input is landing. But we did a lot of education for an extended period of time.
Javier Rodriguez: I don't think the slowdown in industry growth itself has a material impact on mix. There's the demographic headwind that we've called out in the past, but that really isn't about growth. That's just about the age at which a patient ages into -- or requires renal replacement therapy.
Javier Rodriguez: I don't know that number off the top of my head. But what we can tell you is, our aspiration and our goals right now is to have roughly 25% of our patients by 2025, which would mean that we of course would have to really accelerate because it's roughly double what we have now. So we would have to really accelerate the incoming going home. And there are a lot a lot of hurdles on that because it's the way that physicians practice, it is a patient's choice. So there is a lot of things going on in that variable, but what we want to do is be aspirational. And right now, our rough math has that home selection is growing about 4 times what in-center is growing at, but again the total mix is materially lower.
Javier Rodriguez: So we're always interested in investing in the business and investing in growth. What I hope we've made clear is we need to do that in a capital efficient way. So, we'll continue to invest in de novos that give good returns, we'll continue to do acquisitions that give good returns although those are fewer and far between. We've talked in the past about our willingness to make investments outside of the kidney care industry and we have not given up on that, but we haven't changed our view relative to what we've said over the last few quarters which is our appetite for a multi-billion dollar acquisition is very low. And should -- if we do something there and there's no -- it's not at all a foregone conclusion that we will, it'll be something of a much more limited scale. So that's how we're thinking about deploying capital for growth.
Javier Rodriguez: LeAnne is on the phone. But my understanding -- LeAnne you can jump on is that we don't have any additional information.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, we had a good quarter. We're going to continue to work very hard and we look forward to seeing you all in a couple of weeks in Capital Markets. Have a great day, everyone.
Kevin Fischbeck: Well, I guess, like when you decided to slow down your de novo growth, my impression was it was in large part due to a view that the industry growth was slowing. Now you don't think that if your growth is slowing as much. So, I guess, that might mean that you are in fact going to be opening fewer de novos than your competitors next year.
Kevin Fischbeck: Okay. But that was not the only reason why you slowed it down. It was also a view that there would be a shift to home as well.
Kevin Fischbeck: All right. And maybe my last question. I think you've talked about that shift to home over the next five years, I guess, what exactly is your expectation for total industry growth during that time period, because I think that initially with the shift to home chemo, there's been some home dialysis. There's been some concern that if there's a big shift to home that it will create negative leverage on your sites. Does that shift to home chemo or home dialysis that you're assuming in the next five years, does that still assume core growth on the in-center business and therefore no negative leverage or is there potential lapse scenario where you are successful in shifting to home and there are some positive profitability from doing that, but then there's negative offset at the in-site performance. Thanks.
