Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks for the question, Pito. So if you think about patient care costs, I think the right way to think about it is continued wage rate -- wage rate pressure, which we are seeing. As you think about SWBs that is offset by the lower contract labor. Remember, last year, that was a big pain for us and we've got that under control relatively early in the year. So you're probably seeing the better part of $100 million, maybe a little bit less than that. But of that order of magnitude, in savings year-over-year. In terms of other items, we've done a nice job here controlling our anemia costs. We've talked about that in terms of the reduction from the switch to Mircera. And then you have additional savings from us consolidating our footprint, as a result of lower patient volumes. So those are the big items year-over-year. If you think about 2024, I think we anticipate continuing to see pressure on the wage rate, relative to a pre-COVID number. I don't think we are ready to give guidance on where that will land, but it's certainly not coming back to the pre-COVID level from what we see now. We would expect some continued savings, as the savings from both Mircera and our facility closings annualize. And then as you would expect, we will continue to look for other opportunities to bring the cost down to mitigate, what ultimately will be a higher wage rate pressure than we see in our RPT growth.
Javier Rodriguez: Great. Thank you, Dr. Giullian. So I have had the benefit of weeks and weeks of being steeped in the clinical aspects of this with Dr. Giullian, other nephrologists, epidemiologists, both internal as well as external. So let me try and sum up what Dr. Giullian said and then I'll talk about our modeling. I would say three things. First, our assumptions are not pulled out of the air. These GLP-1 drugs have been used for at least 7 or 8 years for the management of diabetes. So there are a number of robust studies, as Jeff said. So there is a data set off of which to build some assumptions. That said, there's a lot of uncertainty still, and we wanted to be conservative. So we landed on two assumptions that are incorporated in our modeling. First, that 30% of the CKD population will be on these drugs. It's not going to happen overnight. It will play out over time. That's one of the things that makes the modeling complex. So that's assumption one, a 30% utilization rate or penetration rate among our population. Again, we think that is a conservative number. Second, a 25% efficacy rate. And what that means is for the patients, who take this drug, their progression in CKD will be slowed down by 25%. To put numbers on that, if you think of a typical CKD patient progressing from a later stage of CKD to ESRD over 10 years, that would convert that 10-year progression to 12.5 years. So those are the clinical inputs that we are using for our modeling. Now let me turn to how we modeled two different numbers. The first, I'm going to talk about is, commercial mix impact. And let me start with this because I think it's a little bit easier to understand and the financial implications could be serious. But what you'll hear is they are not and here's why. So as you would expect, we've got a very robust model around this, that we've used to simulate the impact in a number of scenarios. We use this also to create a much simplified framework, that we can use to explain to you how we are thinking about this. So let me start that framework with some known inputs. First, we have approximately 22,000 commercial patients today that we know. And second, again, most of our patients, who are 65 and over are on -- are not commercially insured. For modeling purposes, it is safe to assume that the population above 65 has a commercial mix of almost 0. And for the commercial mix of our incident patients below 65, it is pretty constant. It doesn't matter if they're 40 or 50 or 60, it's a pretty constant number and the number drops, when they hit 65. The result of that shape of the curve is that when we think about modeling the impact of a delay in progression from GLP-1s on commercial mix, all that really matters is the cohort of patients, who are just below the age of 65, who without GLP-1s would have been incident to dialysis with commercial insurance, but because of GLP-1s, their incidents will be delayed. And instead of being delayed at younger than 65, instead of being incident at younger than 65, they will be incident at older than 65. So with that framework, let me tell you our assumptions. First, we are talking about a 25% delay in progression. We talked about that already. That translates, as I said, into a 2.5-year window of incident patients that we care about. And here's an important fact. About 10% of our commercial population is incident in that 2.5-year window, before 65. Said another way, 10% of our commercial population is aged 62.5 through 64. And so here's the math. You take 22,000 patients assume 10% of them are in that incident window that we care about of 62.5 to 64 and say 30% of them will be on the GLP-1 drug, and that gets you 22,000 x 10% x 30%, that's 660 patients. That's the number of commercial patients, we would expect to lose, as a result of GLP-1 penetration getting to 30%. That 660 patients divided by our 200,000 patients is 33 basis points of commercial mix. So again, let me be clear what that 33 basis points of commercial mix means. It means the cumulative impact of the growth of GLP-1s, however, long it takes us to get to that 30% and to see that flow through our CKD population, will be a reduction of 33 basis points in total. If that happens over 10 years, that's about 3 basis points a year. It is a negligible amount. To put it in perspective, our commercial mix went up 18 basis points this quarter alone, you would never find this in our numbers. That's why we believe the commercial mix effectively will not change as a result of a delay in progression.
Javier Rodriguez: And remember, Justin, it's better to think of it as 40% because 30% are neither diabetic nor obese. And so it's 30% overall, but 40% of the applicable population. And we are assuming a 100% adherence which is not a normal assumption. We are just trying to be as conservative, as we can be because, as Dr. G said, many, many people get off the medicine actually more than 50% after year 1 is a stat, that's useful.
Javier Rodriguez: I actually don't know the mix between COBRA and private, but I know that number is pretty steady and when there's full employment, that usually moves in recessionary periods. So we can look at that, but I don't think it's a meaningful change, if that's what you're going for. And as it relates to home, it does have a higher mix. We have now roughly 15% change of our patients at home, and that number has been stable. We've continued to work hard to get more patients on it. But we have not seen any shift in insurance as it relates to the cohorts.
Javier Rodriguez: And Lisa, one of the things that is important for the last decade or so, people assume that patient would go home, they would have more flexibility and they would keep their ability to work. But the reality is that the dropout rate on dialysis at home has continued to be incredibly high. So roughly about half of the patients that are on therapy would rather be taking care in center or have to be taken in center because of a medical condition.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well, I know that, that was a very dense conversation, unusual in that it was not so much related into the quarter, but something that is really important to have an understanding of what we are looking at and what you're looking at. So let me make a couple of closing comments. First, we had a very strong quarter, and we continue our track record of meeting our commitments. Secondly, hopefully, it became clear. We are very happy that these drugs are out there and it can improve the lives of many. But on kidney, it is more nuanced to understand the impact it will have on the population. Third, even with a robust adoption, based on what we know today, we believe that this class of drugs will not impact our plan to deliver a 3% to 7% OI growth for our long-term plan. And then lastly, but really important, we remain really diligently and focused on delivering the best care today for our patients while also building the capabilities and models of care for a healthier tomorrow. It just dawned on me that this is the last time that we're scheduled to speak for the year. So on behalf of our team, I'd like to wish you and your families a happy and healthy holidays. Be well.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. Perfect. Thanks, Pito. Let me just start by saying, I acknowledge the energy and society right now, all around these medications. And as Javier mentioned at the outset, I'm encouraged, I think we are all encouraged that these drugs can truly change the lives of many people, and we certainly endorse the use of therapies that benefit people living with heart disease and those living with kidney disease. When it comes to the GLP-1 agonist, they've been available since 2005. They've generated dozens of high-quality clinical studies. And what I found interesting is that really fewer than half of the studies that even looked at kidney disease, demonstrated any efficacy and delaying progression. So that's about 40% of those studies showed no improvement. 40% showed some aspects of improvement and then about 20% had some mixed results. And then, of course, of those that demonstrated, that improvement or the impact, the greatest impact was on a subset of patients. And so that's where we started with all of this. Now like you're probably wondering, I think the two biggest questions I get are: a, what percent of people are ultimately or do we ultimately expect are going to be on these medications? And then b, what percent delay in progression of CKD is that going to lead to? So let me kind of walk you through our clinical thinking, and then I'll hand it off to Joel to talk more about the financial impact. On that first question about 5% to 8% of patients right now with CKD are on these medications. And the published discontinuation rates is high as 69%. And to be very conservative in our model, we've ultimately estimated that about 30% of CKD patients could someday take these medications, and we arrived at that number by triangulating from a number of different data points. We looked at uptake of other medications, including generic medications, which are known to slow kidney dysfunction. We looked at patient clinical eligibility. And specifically on that one, about 70% of CKD patients, who ultimately progress to dialysis, are either obese or have diabetes or both with the other 30% really not being eligible for these drugs. And so we were assuming about 40% of those that are eligible could potentially receive these medications in the future. And then that would translate to at maximum, we believe, around 30% of the total CKD patient population, who would be on these medicines of those that ultimately progress to dialysis. So that's the first part of the question. The second part of the question is how to estimate impact. And we did that by looking at things, that we know of, in terms of evaluating slowing disease progression. And that is if there is even a delay with these medicines. Right now, we are estimating a 25% delay in progression. And to arrive at that number, we looked at the impact in the subset of clinical trials that did demonstrate renal progression efficacy. And as I had mentioned, that's about 40% of those studies. And then we picked the data points from those of the smaller subpopulations in those studies, where the medications demonstrated benefit. And so in general, that appeared to be about 25%, and we use that 25% to really extrapolate for the broader CKD population. And again, this was to be conservative in our approach. And I'll just sort of end by saying no therapy has really demonstrated the halt progression or reversal of kidney damage over time. And -- so that goes to the second part of your question, which includes the SGLT2s. Right now about 8% of our ESRD population has been on an SGLT2 and that's for a number of reasons, including the fact that about 65% of patients that get prescribed those medications ultimately discontinue them. So that impact, we believe we have considered already in our model, and I'll let Joel share a little bit more on that.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. Thanks, Justin. This is Jeff Giullian. We've looked at a number of things. We know for the past two decades or longer that we've had generic medications, ACE inhibitors and ARBs on the market, that have good impact on potentially slowing progression of renal disease. When you look at the uptake of those medications, even in patients who you just described, know that they're progressing through CKD, even that ranges between only 17.8% and about 30% to 35% of the population. And those medications tend to have a slightly lower discontinuation rate than the GLP-1s. And so looking at that, we have a pretty strong baseline of what to expect for uptake of these medications.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. It takes a lot of speculation to understand why patients do or don't do what they ultimately choose. Some of this has to do with access to physicians and access to medications and social determinants of health. Some of it has to do with discontinuation rates for any number of reasons, such as side effects and things along those lines. And quite frankly, our clinical research team has done research in the population of patients that ultimately progresses from CKD to end-stage renal disease. And there's just a number of social and other reasons, including behavioral health, education, et cetera, that limits the full uptake like we might expect on paper.
Jeffrey Giullian: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. This is Jeff Giullian again. A couple of things. Number one, for chronic kidney disease in general, the time frame can be variable, but from moving from early CKD Stage 3, all the way to end-stage kidney disease, is often 15 to 20 years. I think the average is about 18 years. Even for people living with diabetes, that time frame is 11, 12 years or even longer in some cases.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes, exactly. Thank you. And so as we look at this and have modeled it out and have thought about it, we don't believe that we are going to see a major impact in the next 10 years. Then to take that one step further, as we've looked at the clinical studies, even the subset of clinical studies that have demonstrated any kidney impact at all, that impact is significantly lower in the patient population that is pre-CKD Stage 3.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. If you were to be a little more refined or sharpen your pencil, our miss treatments are slightly higher than before, and we are working on that as well. But your point is bigger.
Jeffrey Giullian: Thanks, Lisa. This is Jeff again. A couple of thoughts on that. There's been a push to diagnose patients earlier with CKD for a long time, and yet, we are not seeing epidemiologically a large increase in that. There's been a push to get the word out about kidney disease and things along those lines. When it comes to the medications available, medications like ACE inhibitors and ARBs, SGLT2 inhibitors and the GLP-1s, they've been available for a long time, and the knowledge regarding their kidney impacts have been known to the nephrology community for several years. So for us, this isn't necessarily new news, although I know it's been making headlines recently. So from that standpoint, we are not seeing a lot of change. We are continuing to work with physicians upstream to educate them about medications that are available and things like that. And as we think specifically about our role in Integrated Kidney Care and improving transitions of care for those patients that do go on to dialysis, this is something that's important to us. We work with our physician partners regularly on managing the care of patients with chronic kidney disease and reducing their risk factors.
Jeffrey Giullian: Yes. Most of the estimated prevalence comes from physicians coding CKD, as a diagnosis, through what's called ICD-10 codes. And so as physicians focus on other things, cardiovascular risk factors and cancer type risk factors and things like that. CKD in the early stages, especially CKD 1 and 2 and early CKD Stage 3, just isn't top of priority in some cases. And so we are just not seeing at least the documented prevalence of those with CKD Stage 3 rise.
Justin Lake: Thanks. I appreciate all that detail. That was incredible. So let me just follow-up on one of those points, which is that 30%. So the 30% in a CKD population, that knows they're progressing to ESRD and dialysis. Is there -- what's the kind of grounding behind that number? I thought it might be higher, given the end state of kidney [indiscernible]
Justin Lake: And then, Doc, can you tell us why that number is so low, again, among people that are kind of marching towards kidney failure. Why is the take up rate only 18% to 30%? Could you -- do not think that goes higher given the some of these studies that are coming out that are highlighting the benefits? Or are those benefits always been known and the magnitude of those benefits always been known. And there are reasons why it's still so low.
Justin Lake: Got it. Appreciate it. And then just two quick numbers questions, I'll jump out. The first, can you tell us your run rate, in terms of patient care costs that are now coming from drugs? Just trying to understand the totality of where drug spending is at the moment? And then secondly, Joel, if we look back, it's exciting to hear you're kind of going to get back to buying back the stock. I think the last time you were buying it in 2022, I think you averaged around $200 million a quarter. Could investors think about that as a reasonable kind of jumping point, in terms of what -- how to think about you kind of pace of buybacks? Thanks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Let me take the buyback one first. In terms of pace, it is hard to put a number out there, I'd say, look, we've always been comfortable using excess cash flow as well as available leverage to buy back. What I would point out is, we have a bigger revolver than we've had historically. We used to have a $1 billion revolver. We upsized that to $1.5 billion. So if you think about the limitation of liquidity on our share buybacks, we would probably be more comfortable tapping into the revolver for buybacks now, now that we've got a bigger revolver than we did before.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I assume what you're really interested is in anemia there, that's been the source of the biggest savings. That number has come down dramatically to a point, where I think it's hard to bake in a lot of major savings from that going forward.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin, I wouldn't view it as a gating factor, but rather we committed to getting back to that place. And now we are there, and we feel comfortable being there. And we will revert back and forth as we see appropriate. Right now, we see a disconnect between how we are feeling about our business and how the market is interpreting our results. And so we might be very aggressive. And so that is, of course, term of art because if I use that and I buy $300 million, you're going to think it was $400 million. And so I would say, from my perspective, the right way to think about it is, we want to give our money back to our shareholders, and we want to be capital efficient, and we want to pounce if there's an opportunity or a window, and that's probably the best way to think about it.
Joel Ackerman: Kevin, it's Joel here. Let me add one more point because we are probably not talking enough about the potential offset from a reduction in cardiac mortality. And that plays into this question of what impact are we seeing and when are we seeing it? And I think one of the reasons we are seeing -- we think we are seeing so little impact now is because the uptake in the drug has been so low. Jeff, correct me if I'm wrong, but GLP-1 uptake in CKD is low single digits today, right? So you wouldn't expect to see it at such a low uptake. The other important thing is both for GLP-1s and for SGLT2 inhibitors, there has been clear demonstration of a reduction in cardiac mortality. And the way we think about that playing through our population, is so many more CKD patients are likely to die of cardiac disease, than ultimately progress to ESKD. So if you can reduce that number, who are passing away from cardiac disease, it creates a larger population that could potentially, ultimately be incident on ESRD, and that would offset some of the impact of incident delay. And so if we are seeing the negative impact of SGLT2 inhibitors or GLP-1s today, even though the uptake of those drugs is so small, there is a good chance that we are also seeing the mitigating effect on the cardiac death.
Joel Ackerman: Our new starts are back to where we would have expected them to be. We felt that pressure intensely last year, but we are now seeing year-over-year starts back to what we would have expected.
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think, yes, you would see it in new starts. I mean you'd never be able to pinpoint these patients, but these are patients who, without these drugs would have passed away at late-stage CKD before being incident to ESRD, but that, again, would be offset by the delay in incidence of patients who are taking these drugs and remain in CKD longer.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, the quarter was really strong, but a lot of that was the result of timing. It was shared savings revenue that we expected in Q4 and came in Q3. As we've talked about in the past and we think will be true in the future, the quarter-over-quarter variability in IKC is quite large. And I think the right way to look at IKC is full year, what we see now, we called out $110 million loss approximately for IKC for the year. That's a bit better than what we were talking about before. But nowhere nearly, as big as the beat this quarter. And again, that's largely because of the timing between this quarter and next. So I'd say overall, IKC is on track. They are performing slightly better than we expected, but in the range. And for that reason, we continue to expect better number next year, again in '25 and then breakeven by '26.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I don't think there's a lot to call out on G&A overall quarter-over-quarter, there's really nothing that jumps out. In terms of Q4, I would expect a modest uptick from seasonality, but nothing major.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. The biggest impact on RPT quarter-over-quarter was continued progress on our collections efforts. We are really crowd from an operational standpoint of what our team has been able to accomplish there. We talked about it last quarter. We got a little bit more this quarter. And I would say, for the time being, we've probably gotten the vast majority of that. So I'm not anticipating a whole lot more of that in the next few quarters. We did see a commercial mix uptick in the quarter but, we also got the benefit of some just negotiated rate increases as well.
Joel Ackerman: As we've said in the past, our contracts are multiyear. So in any given year, you don't have that many at that. What we've seen up to now, is a lot of regional accounts and it's fair to say that the increases have reflected the environment that we're in, i.e., an inflationary environment. So they've been a bit higher than pre-pandemic. And we will see what next year brings as we have a couple of the larger ones up for renewal.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, Pito, I think you misheard there. IKC has gotten a little bit better. We have lowered the loss since our prior guidance. So we continue to see improvement over the course of the year. In terms of '24, it's too early to give guidance. Javier talked about 3% to 7% as being where we think the midpoint of the range will fall. Again, too early to quantify where that will come from, I'd say, it's fair to say some of it will come from IKC, but that will not be all good.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, for the quarter, volume came in right where we expected it. The new adds were consistent with kind of a pre-COVID type number, excess mortality, I'm going to peg it at 400. I think the excess mortality number is a number that we are probably going to start phasing out as a metric. It's getting so close to pre-COVID levels, it's getting kind of within the error band of what you consider as our pre-COVID number, and that number moved year-to-year pre-COVID. So for consistency with what we've called out historically, the number is 400. But I think I would expect that number to continue to decline and ultimately, like contract labor, it was something that was important for a period of time but is no longer important. So we are going to try and move away from that number going forward.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. We've looked at that number, and it's not an easy piece of analysis because you can run into the trap of correlation without causation and you wind up with a number that looks good, but ultimately doesn't really drive any better financial results as your home dialysis rates go up. So I would put that down as inconclusive.
