Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks, everyone for joining our call. We will start as we always do with our clinical performance. We are first and foremost a clinical enterprise. Within the DaVita Medical Group, we had great news on our star ratings most of you are familiar with that. If you think about it, we have six main markets and there are nine key star measures, so a total of 54 cells in that grid, and 31 of those 54 cells, we have a five-star rating, that's 57%, and 47 of the 54 categories are either a four or a five, 87%. Those are our best results ever and we doubt that any other multimarket set of medical groups can match them. So, very proud of that. Within Kidney Care, CMS recently released the results of the ESRD quality incentive program, which is called QIP, we significantly outperform the industry for the fourth year in a row. Our penalty percentage was about 50% less than the rest of the industry, so a very large difference. And we, as always, remain big supporters of the transparency in both the quality incentive program and the five-star programs in both DaVita Kidney Care and DaVita Medical Group. Now, I will turn it over to Javier Rodriguez to discuss Kidney Care.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Maybe we'll go a little bit more in Capital Markets, because we never had to talk about it much and we had a couple very nice years there. And so, part of this is a drop from some really good things that happened that we didn't talk about because of the timing of the bad period we felt it important to cover that on this side. So, why don't we share more at Capital Markets? And in general, a material movement in profits for Rx, that starts to look pretty immaterial when you think of it just as a part of our Kidney Care offering overall. And so, we don't want to place an emphasis on it that's out of proportion to the actual absolute numbers.
Kent J. Thiry: Got it. As it relates to going after JVs, we remained consistent in our philosophy there, which is, we really like the clinical value that a joint venture partner offers. So, that has not changed and we don't expect that to change. As it relates to the number, Jim's got an answer.
Kent J. Thiry: Hey Justin. Justin you were all garbled there the first 10 words or so. We couldn't hear them could you start over.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, it doesn't take much to get better. Taking a couple of hundred million dollars in hits between government actions and big payer hits. We've never had that happen in, I think, 17 years and so, just by not being another 2017, it already is a very nice step-up. In addition, the fact is when we do eliminate some higher than usual rates that is another element of downside that's gone. In addition, we do have some policy upsides. In addition, we're hoping that DMG and international start to be incremental contributors. So, I think those are some of the reasons beyond just the continued positive operating performance of our core U.S. Kidney Care platform, leads us to think we've got a very good chance of doing better.
Kent J. Thiry: There hasn't been any that I know of. The other parts of the business are very different from a regulatory and decision-making point of view. So, that's the current status.
Kent J. Thiry: The real answer is that with open enrollment done, the substantial part of the equation played out. And so, it's not right now about the design issues, but rather that we missed the open window.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, if they achieved corporate tax reform, the kind of tax reform that they are talking about, we'll have a really nice party with you guys, because we're one of the highest taxpayers in America, and always have been. And the good news is that the new Congress is really serious about doing that. We're in D.C. now and that subject has probably come up in four of the meetings that I've been in, in the last 24 hours. Having said that, that's a tall mountain to climb and so you've got tremendous resolve with Paul Ryan and others. And at the same time, you've got formidable challenges in pulling it off. So, we just love the fact that it's a real possibility. And then, what will we do with it? Well, I think we'll wait until we're about to get it before we spend too much time on that. But I think we'll put it through the same decision-making filters that we put our current cash flow through. And then I think your broader question about, is there any other legislation? The other piece of legislation which has a good shot is our patient demonstration legislation, wherein we would pick up the right to put thousands and thousands and thousands of our patients into a globally capitated environment, where we can provide integrated care, which would significantly improve clinical outcomes and over time save taxpayers money. So that's a very, very big deal with a number of the bill sponsors here in the last 24 hours who remain very enthused and so that's percolating and has very attractive potential.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah, Margaret on the de novo certification, we see somewhere in the range of 90 to 110 for 2017. So pretty consistent to the range we had for, did I say 2016. So for 2017, we have that range. It's consistent to the range we had for 2016. As it relates to the small players, we have seen a slight pickup in the marketplace, but the reality is that there is just not a lot out there and so it's on a very low base. And so, you shouldn't see a big spike or meaningful movement in the acquisition number.
Kent J. Thiry: We haven't heard any, that doesn't mean that conversations aren't happening. But we have not heard of any.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for your continued interest in our enterprise. We'll do our best to serve your capital well between now and our next call. Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. I'm going to jump right in, because I have a lot to cover. Our adjusted operating income was $423 million for the quarter on relatively flat U.S. dialysis revenue and patient care costs per treatment, resulting in an adjusted operating income of $1.715 billion for 2016, which is near the midpoint of the adjusted guidance we provided last quarter of $1.695 billion to $1.725 billion. Now, I'm going to shift to provide some details on our 2017 Kidney Care adjusted operating income guidance of $1.525 billion to $1.625 billion, which we first provided in January. I'm going to cover four headwinds and two tailwinds in depth. Let's start with the headwinds. First, the early results from open enrollment indicate that the number of dialysis patients covered in ACA plans for 2017 will be down significantly year-over-year, consistent with what we have previously disclosed. This decline appears to be driven by changes in plan design, loss of plan choices in certain markets and disruption generally in the market, including the impact of the interim final rule. As you know, the federal court issued an injunction, which prevented the rule from being enacted, concluding that the rule was arbitrary and capricious. In fact, the judge found material fault with both the process and content with the IFR, indicating that significant harm would be done to thousands of patients if the rule had been implemented. While this was a big victory for dialysis patients, in general, we still estimate that the earning impact from the overall loss of enrollment will be consistent with what we had previously disclosed at approximately $230 million. On to the second headwind, like other healthcare providers, we've been experiencing wage inflation and turnover that is higher than our historical rates. Clinical teammates costs represent our largest expense. So even a small change in these costs are impactful. Third as Kent mentioned earlier this year, our guidance range incorporates known and forecasted rate decreases. To try and be helpful. I'll ask and answer questions that I would have if I was in your roles. First, has something structurally changed in our core business? The answer is, no. Are there more contracts than usual up for renewal this year? The answer is, no. Has leverage with payers changed? The answer is, no. They have always been formidable negotiators. Well, then if all this is true, why are you experiencing rate reductions? The answer is that the political dynamics and the intensity of the conversation surrounding charitable premium assistance increased the scrutiny on ESRD rates. And in a subset of our situations, we felt that it was appropriate to respond when the rates were unusually high in exchange for long-term sustainable agreements. The last question I'll ask myself on this topic is, how should we think about the future? Unfortunately, I can't provide much help here. It's hard to speculate in timeframes beyond 2017, and, as has been the case for the past decade, we remain focused on negotiating agreements at long-term sustainable rates and attractive terms. The last headwind I will discuss is that we expect significant decreases in operational income in our pharmacy business in 2017, as a result of several factors impacting rates, volume and cost. Now, let's shift on to the tailwinds. The first, as we disclosed in January, we signed a new supply agreement with Amgen. We entered into a six-year deal that provides for substantial savings starting in 2017, however, the specific terms including pricing are confidential. Secondly, historically, we have had a profit share program in lieu of a traditional 401(k) match, and we're now switching to a 401(k) match effective in 2018. The net effect of this change is a one-time expense pick-up in 2017 of approximately $100 million just due to the timing of the accruals. Please keep in mind that this will create an additional expense when comparing 2018 to 2017, because we will begin to accrue for a 401(k) match in 2018. The aggregation of this is unfortunately – the net results of all these factors is that year-over-year we will have a decline of adjusted operating income of approximately $140 million at the midpoint of our guidance. This guidance includes the majority of probabilistic outcomes, but there are scenarios where we could be higher and lower. Please note that we do not expect the operational income to be distributed evenly throughout the year due to several reasons, two of which are normal season factors, so for example, there are two fear treatment days in the first quarter compared to Q4, and one fear treatment day compared to Q1 of 2016. And secondly, there are seasonally higher payroll taxes in Q1. As for the outlook, Kent will discuss this in his closing comments. So, now, I'll hand it over to Vijay Kotte to discuss DMG.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Well, it's not locked and loaded. The probabilistic gives and takes embedded in the number that we gave you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: It could be a little better, it could be a little worse. In the name of the game, we try to be as constructive and productive as we can and give you as much as we can and that's what's embedded in our guidance.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Hey Gary, while I've got you on the phone, both Jim and I have answers. This is Javier. I don't think I was clear in my answer. I might have even misspoken. The Medicaid is likely not to come back and the non-Medicaid is too early to tell. I think I might have confused my labels there.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. Unfortunately, there are no major developments to report on this. It's been a long transaction and we are anticipating in Q2 close, and that's all unfortunately we have to say.
Javier J. Rodriguez: To be honest with you, the date has been a moving target, I can't remember the last one we gave you, because the buyer and the FTC and the process has been one that's kept going. And so, we've probably given you more dates, and the last one was, I believe, Q1, but I can't recall.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. I don't have anything insightful. The labor markets are getting tight, it's a competitive landscape, and just workers are demanding higher wages, of course, it's our job to create a special place to work where people are more fulfilled. And so, therefore, on average, wages becomes, while of course, they are beginning to make a competitive wage, but people are less willing to consider moving to another place just for the wages. And so, that's what we're dealing with. I don't have anything else to add to that.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Vijay. I'll first address our international operations. Adjusted international operating income was $2 million in the quarter, and adjusted international operating losses were $27 million for the full-year. Q4 international equity earnings from our APAC JV benefited from a $7 million currency gain within the JV. However, this gain was largely offset by a $6 million currency loss reported in other income, which is reported below operating income. These results are better than our guidance of approximately $40 million in adjusted international losses in 2016. We expect international operating losses to be approximately $20 million in 2017. Now, on to cash flow. In 2016, we generated strong operating cash flow of $1.96 billion, positively impacted by the timing of certain working capital items that will likely reverse in 2017. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2017 is $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. 2017 cash flow should be unusually high relative to adjusted operating income, primarily due to the net cash proceeds from the government payer settlement that we expect to receive in the first quarter. Next, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased 6.7 million shares of our stock for $416 million. And for all of 2016, we deployed $1.1 billion to repurchase more than 16.6 million shares of our stock, which represents approximately 8% of our outstanding share count over the past year. Now, a few tax items of note. The lower effective tax rate in the quarter was due to lower realized day tax rates and related true-ups. Our expected full-year tax rate attributable to DaVita in 2017 will be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%, excluding any non-GAAP items. And please note that DaVita like many other U.S.-centric healthcare service providers pays among the highest tax rates in corporate America. Now, over to Kent for a few closing comments.
James K. Hilger: I'll grab that one, Kevin. I'll probably be pretty redundant to what JR said, that there's a whole bunch of stuff going on there, unfortunately, largely negative. And so, without parsing it all out, it's a bunch of stuff that at the same time has hit rate, volume and cost, leading to the substantial decline that JR talked about. And it's conceivable that through the course of the year, we might actually even move into a loss situation for the first time in a long time, and we'll of course keep you posted on that. So, it was important enough for us to point to, and we'll keep you posted as we move through the year.
James K. Hilger: From a strategic, and from a clinical, and from a mission perspective, we love the business. It does remarkable things for our patients' clinical outcomes, and the access and convenience, and support that they and their families so intensely need. Having said that, if you said that the premise was ever we're going to lose money forever, then we'd have to take a good hard look, but that's not our expectation and that's not our intention.
James K. Hilger: Yeah, Tejus, the reason NCI dropped in the quarter was related to the goodwill impairment at one of our SIs, we took a $28 million impairment, there was $8 million related to that was impacted NCI. If you look in our non-GAAP reconciliation in the back of our earnings release, you can see the numbers.
James K. Hilger: Yeah. Justin, it's a little early for us at this point. As you know, there's a lot of variability between the advanced and the final notice. We've got some very high-level assumptions that have been put out, but the accounting level specifics are very important for us. So, it's way too early to tell and when we get more information, we'll let you all know.
James K. Hilger: And Gary on the share count question, it's 194,554,000, and that's also disclosed on the face of the balance sheet.
James K. Hilger: I don't think we want to go any further in talking about time beyond 2017, right now. Capital Markets, hopefully, will give you some more insight and analysis to help you think about it, but I don't think we want to go any further now. We have a shot at 2018 being a good year when you think about it in the context of the $100 million headwind created by the accounting change, but nothing that can be put in the bank yet.
