Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you for joining on this call, and we are hoping that all of you and your families and friends are safe and are going to get through the storm okay. The second quarter was a solid quarter. We did well both clinically and operationally. I'll cover 3 topics: Clinical outcomes, our outlook and then HealthCare Partners in turn. But first, clinical outcomes, as we always do, because that is what comes first. We are, at our most basic, a caregiving company serving approximately 151,000 patients now, and soon many more when we close the HealthCare Partners combination. With respect to adequacy, which is essentially how well we're doing at removing toxins from our patients' blood, this quarter, 98% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second, with respect to vascular access, 71% of our patients have fistulas. Third, with respect to phosphorous, 81% of our patients have phosphorous levels less than or equal to 5.5 milligrams per deciliter. We also did very well in vaccinations in a number of other areas. And for these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compare very favorably to the national averages. And this quality care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures and therefore, significant savings to the U.S. health care system. Subject #2 for me is our outlook. But the good news is that both DaVita and HealthCare Partners have continued to perform according to our plans and expectations, perhaps even a little better than that. And the ultimate 2012 outlook reflects that trend. In addition, we are initiating operating income guidance for 2013 and that's to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.9 billion NOI, which of course includes the HealthCare Partners contribution, and this guidance incorporates the majority of the probabilistic outcomes. We also have a significant number of headwinds and challenges to face on both sides of our enterprise. On the dialysis side, some of the most significant risk factors that we had to take into account are: a potential 2% cut to Medicare reimbursement due to sequestration; additional risk around additional Medicare reimbursement reductions, as there is risk that the physician fixed will take place and will be paid for by across-the-board cuts to other Medicare providers or not across-the-board cuts to other Medicare providers; and then third, the uncertainty around our commercial book of business, both mix and rates, because sadly, we continue to lose money on Medicare treatments and have to rely on private insurance to fill that gap. Despite these formidable risk factors, the fundamentals of our core kidney care business remained noteworthy, both in terms of excellent and continually improving clinical care, strong market position, steady volume growth and a history of strong stable cash generation. So as we look at the intermediate and longer term, we're well positioned in this essential therapy and we're eager to get the government's permission to expand our abilities to provide integrated care to more patients and families across America. We will improve quality and save money once we're unleashed and allowed to do that. And my third and final topic is an update on the HealthCare Partners combination. We expect the acquisition to close soon. The integration process is going according to plan. We have started to work in partnership with HealthCare Partners management on enhancing their infrastructure to drive new market growth. This will, of course, take some time. And throughout the process, we've become ever more convinced of the foundational strengths of the HealthCare Partners business practices in terms of: a, improving health, demonstrably improving patient health; number -- b, providing patient and physician-centric services; and c, controlling the long-term health care spend in a highly differentiated way. Once the combination is completed, our leverage ratio will be about 3.7x net debt to EBITDA, which is only slightly above our long-stated preferred leverage range of 3.0x to 3.5x, although we have also said for a long time the lead periods when we go above or below. Thus, through this combination, we will have added tremendous upside onto our shareholder platform without much of a change to our balance sheet. On a combined enterprise, we'll have a very distinctive potential for free cash generation as HCP is highly likely to contribute significant free cash flows in 2013, even after the initial debt cost to finance the deal. I'll now turn the call over to our interim CFO, Jim Hilger.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Darren, it's KT. I think, as you know, and significantly above 50%. We think it's highly likely that something like that will happen relatively soon no matter who's elected. It is not 100%, but we put the number up pretty high, and I repeat, that either it or something like it will happen as scheduled or sometime soon.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we want to go in the history of that level of detail, Darren, because there are some so many puts and takes. But suffice it to say that what's happening this year, Q3, Q4 is comparable to what happened last year Q3, Q4.
Kent J. Thiry: And what I would add, Gary, is as is been documented in the public realm that's we're in a bit of a spat with one of the other local organizations there, and so right now, battling it away and impossible for us right now to predict what the outcome, what the short-term outcome of that will be.
Kent J. Thiry: No, it's pretty typical stuff when you can't agree on a rate between a plan and a provider, that then you get into a bit of a tussle. And that's what's happening, so it's pretty normal as those things go. And also, it's an intense exchange and that's why we just have to say, we just can't predict how it's going to come out.
Kent J. Thiry: I would say, at this point, it's the same, which is to say, always difficult, always a big challenge. We are holding our breath a bit. And at the same time, there's always some opportunities and it kind of nets out in the last couple of years to a relatively smooth trajectory. It's pretty misleading in terms of how it feels like to be in the boat. But there is nothing dramatically different going on right now in terms of the things being harder or easier.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's what I figured. Well, for us, as you probably recall and many others recall, we made a -- established a serious partnership with Amgen, with Epogen, which is the gold standard for anemia management. And so, we've got our partner with a very well established, proven drug and therapy. At the same time, we're paying a lot of attention to, of course, what else is going on and we'll be very curious to see exactly what does unfold.
Kent J. Thiry: Kevin, I think as far as our utilization is concerned, we are pretty comfortable with our projection. By October 15, usually, we have very good visibility on all the benefits that all the health plans have filed. So from that point of view, we are able to incorporate that to our projection. And I think on enrollments, we have looked at our rate of growth for the past few years and incorporated that into the projection.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, as to your question about what prior guidance was provided, everyone in the room is telling me that no, we did not say what you thought you heard. And then as to the second one, sort of generically, what does $80 million in deals buy you. Boy, it really differs so radically because sometimes, you might get an asset with no earnings but tremendous potential. Other times, you get one with nice healthy earnings at a solid multiple. And other times, well, I won't go through more scenarios. But I think you'll see from the announced transactions, that there's deals that get done in sort of the 6 to 7.5 multiple ranges, captures a high percentage of transactions that are actually completed, with some outside that are on either end.
Kent J. Thiry: You are right. We didn't provide -- that it is, of course, incorporated into our broader guidance and why don't we provide that next quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, the 26,000 is MA and then they have about another 20,000 Medicare regular fee for service and there is about 60,000 Medicaid and the rest of it, commercial book of business.
Kent J. Thiry: It's split evenly across the 2 years and it's based on the completion of the 2012 results and then the 2013 results. It would be paid shortly thereafter. I don't know the precise definition of shortly.
Kent J. Thiry: And if you give us a follow-up call, we can let you know exactly what we said in the Capital Markets session.
Kent J. Thiry: We are looking at 1 or 2 new countries because they look distinctively attractive, and we have specific opportunities that are differentially attracted to us. But I think it's probably in your best interest to keep them quiet until we see if we get something done.
Kent J. Thiry: Gary, the model, of course, is a combination of our assessment of the probabilities across a wide range of variables, not just picking one number for each variable. So could we -- if theoretically, we said we had the full impact of sequestration but did well everyplace else, could we hit the high end? I don't -- none of us here on the table know the answer to that specific question because we wouldn't have run that specific model. There are so many swing factors, and we play with lots of different probabilities. So I'm afraid we can't answer that specific one. We can just state the obvious that if you do math, then sequestration alone has a very big incremental impact. But it's a little bit -- we'd be a little bit, I think, tenuous to say that something like that is going to happen and everything else is going to go really well. That's just not usually how the world works. There's usually more of a distribution of outcomes across the swing factors.
Kent J. Thiry: It's about -- it's 2% of the Medicare revenues. Medicare represents about half of our dialysis revenue, so roughly 1% of our dialysis revenue.
Kent J. Thiry: That's a very fair question, Gary, and I think I'll disappoint you in the answer, and there's also, I would say, exchanges into the mix as another big new development potentially or not. So there's really 4 of them, and in each one, a pessimist would find comfort in being pessimistic and an optimistic would find some comfort in being optimistic. And it's probably going to end up being sort of a mix of outcomes across those 4. So right now, we don't have a tilt in any direction other than that much change always feels, on a net basis, kind of scary when you've got a successful operation that's doing good things for patients and societies. So maybe the only leaning I could give you is we would prefer not to have so many big swing factors kicking in, in 15 months because that's scary stuff.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, it does. I don't know. At some point, you just worry about losing all credibility. Although I think we always hedged with sufficient clarity that we're not actually wrong, but it does seem that in the next 6 to 9 months, they are certainly intending to come out with something. And they had hopes of doing it in 2012. That was their own goal. But I think it would be unfair to criticize them for not hitting it because it's very tricky, and the good news is that they're asking a lot of right questions and soliciting a lot of the right input. So I would be quite surprised if we got through, unless the election results or some other external factors throw everything into disarray, I'd be very surprised if by 6 months into next year, we didn't have an RFP to react to a comment period.
Kent J. Thiry: No, we do not know. And so someone would have to have better intelligence than us in order to answer that question. We just don't know how confident they're going to get in the end. We are still confident that we can give a great clinical and economic gift to patients in America if we're given a fair shot. But as to how risk-averse they'll be in the end, I just can't say. We, of course, try to point out the -- as opposed to the risk of something going wrong by trying a new approach like that. Right now, we have the reality of things going wrong for a lot of patients because it doesn't exist. And so it's really hard for us that our caregivers do deal with all the constraints on providing such a powerful gift. But I got to go right on back to say they may be too risk-averse to do something anywhere close to that. We just don't know, and I don't know that they've decided yet either.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me answer that second one, and I'll turn to LeAnne for the first one regarding early 2014 patent situation. On the issue of sort of market fragmentation, if you will, and the potential for a few key players to emerge as leaders to a fair amount of consolidating, on the one hand, the population health management industry or community, that's a more complicated -- it's a more complicated operation compared to a pretty unidimensional kidney care. Although within kidney care, there's a lot of richness, at the level of your question, there's quite a difference. Having said that, we do believe that the dream of DaVita HealthCare Partners is to do the same thing there that we've done here, which is be different enough, be credible enough for the capital markets and be aggressive enough to, in fact, become not just a leader in a few regional markets but a national leader with a differentiated value proposition for patients and for the taxpayer and premium payers. So over the long term, we think that there can be a parallel story, even though it's more complicated.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a first stab at it, and then you come back at me if I'm missing the point or if someone else here on the table wants to add. And by the way, LeAnne is in another city, so if some of the handoffs are a little awkward, that explains most of it, at least. On the labor front, 2 things. If a bunch of the bad stuff happens, sequestration, using some of our money as part of their physician fix, et cetera, then we and other health care service providers are going to have to ask our teammates to help absorb some of that burden because it would be quite a blow. And so that's one factor. The second factor is the impact of those kinds of measures as a part of broader government policy are pretty difficult to then translate into a forecast for how overall unemployment and wage movements are going to behave. And apart from industry-specific things like sequestration or dialysis-related cuts to fund part of the physician fix, we've got the big just macroeconomic forces where we know that those ripple through into what happens for our people. And so those are the 2 big influencers of what happens next year. We, of course, are hoping that we have a strong year and do kind of merit increases and profit-sharing with our team that we like to do. But in the face of lots of other bad news, that may not be possible.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's right. We will make an assessment, a probabilistic assessment of the likelihood of achieving the earn-out in '12 and '13 as part of our purchase accounting. And we will record that as where the assets acquired and also a liability, which, as Jim said, may fluctuate and run through the P&L as the actual results are achieved.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll take this one and then Matthew might want to add. Number one, it does not affect our appetite for new markets. Number two, yes, we can be successful without Lovelace, and at the same time, we have no particular desire to, but that's the answer to the question. And number three, I didn't want to try to minimize it when I used the words spat, and so when you replay it for me, it makes it sound like I had been trying to trivialize it. It's a very, very intense competition going on there. And so please forgive me if I, in any way, was interpreted as trying to minimize it. Within the context of that market, within the context of HealthCare Partners overall, the EBITDA run rate there was about 2% of total HealthCare Partners EBITDA. So in that context, it's quite tiny, but I did not mean to minimize the intensity of the competition in the market.
Kent J. Thiry: And it's certainly the case, just to add on, that if the government would start taking -- a lot of people around private insurance start taking their insurance away, that would be unpopular with a lot of folks in a pretty intense way.
Kent J. Thiry: If you're talking about the MA that we have with Lovelace, it has been based on a discounted fee for service payment, not capitated.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we never get into any market without the intention and goal of moving to a coordinated care physician, where it's either globally capitated or some form of shared savings coordinated care. So that's always a part of our motivation.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you all very much for your consideration of our enterprise. And once again, we hope you and your families are and continue to be safe in the Northeast. Thank you. Take care.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. Non-acquired growth in Q3 was 4.4% when normalized for days of the week. The U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was down about $0.74 from the prior quarter, primarily due to a decline in mix in the quarter. Note that this decline occurred after our mix had remained stable for the first 2 quarters of the year. I would like to point out that our private pay population continues to grow in absolute terms. But its growth was outpaced by the growth in government programs, such as Medicare Advantage and the VA in the quarter. U.S. dialysis patient care cost per treatment was up about $0.20 from the prior quarter, which is within the normal quarterly fluctuations. Dialysis G&A per treatment was down about $0.35 from the prior quarter, benefiting from lower professional fee spending and a continued decrease in the DSI integration costs, as the DSI integration is almost complete. Please note that G&A costs generally fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, and we anticipate higher G&A expense in the fourth quarter due to increased IT spend and the timing of legal costs. International losses declined to $8 million in the quarter, reflecting some reduced legal and professional fee expenses. We expect international losses to be in the mid- to high-$30 million in 2012. Debt expense in the quarter was impacted by the recently completed HCP-related bond offering in late August. This offering resulted in approximately $9 million in interest expense and related fees in the third quarter. This HCP-related debt expense reduced our earnings per share by $0.06 below where it otherwise would have been. And operating cash flow was $367 million in the third quarter. Now, a few additional points on our outlook. We are updating our 2012 operating income guidance to legacy DaVita to a range of $1.315 billion to $1.33 billion, excluding the second quarter legal accrual and certain fourth quarter transaction expenses related to the HCP acquisition. Furthermore, the remainder of -- for the remainder of 2012, we expect HealthCare Partners to contribute $25 million to $30 million per month in operating income once the merger closes. We are also providing 2013 operating cash flow guidance of $1.35 billion to $1.5 billion. Next, I would like to provide an update on the operating results of HealthCare Partners and some important effects of the HCP acquisition. HealthCare Partners continues to perform according to its plan, delivering strong results in the third quarter, reporting an EBITDA of $161 million. These strong earnings were a result of 2 factors: First, seasonal Medicare Advantage revenue true-ups, which occur in the third quarter of each year and have historically provided a boost to operating revenues; and two, seasonally low utilization. We do anticipate that HCP will see lower operating income results in the fourth quarter as indicated by our guidance. We now expect HCP to exceed their 2012 EBITDA earn-out target of $550 million. And for 2013, we forecast HCP's segment operating income to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million. Following are a few more details you should consider when modeling the impact of the HCP transaction this year and next. We anticipate total debt expense in the fourth quarter to be approximately $102 million. We anticipate our total debt cost in 2013 to be about $425 million. But this could vary depending on any hedging we might do and the LIBOR impact of unhedged debt. In addition, following the close and subject to the finalization of purchase accounting, we anticipate HCP depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $14 million per month, approximately $12 million of which would be amortization of intangibles. We expect equity compensation for HCP to be approximately $1 million per month. And the effective tax rate attributed to income for the combined company in 2013 will be in the range of 40% to 41%. We will have one-time deal costs for the HCP acquisition in the fourth quarter. We will call out these costs when we report the fourth quarter. And finally, keep in mind that we will be issuing 9.38 million shares of DaVita's stock upon closing of the deal. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
James K. Hilger: Yes, G&A expenses in the quarter benefited from lower professional fee spending and a continued decrease in the DSI integration cost. So it was $0.35 per treatment improvement.
James K. Hilger: Yes, Matt. That was primarily driven by the changes in bad debt recoveries in the quarter, where -- and as a result from changes in the new bad debt, the Medicare bad debt rules. We expect that to be sustained.
James K. Hilger: Well, we haven't given specific G&A guidance for 2013 and we're not prepared to do that yet as we are still putting together our budgets for next year. But we do expect G&A expense to increase in the fourth quarter. And again, that's due to IT spend and the timing of legal costs.
James K. Hilger: These are not related to the transaction costs. These are other legal costs that relate to compliance and legal spend costs.
James K. Hilger: I think what was in the S-4 is a good thing to base your modeling on. May I just remind you that HCP has reported that revenue is not -- does not represent the full amount of medical funds under management, it is a higher number.
James K. Hilger: It was the same that was in the S-4 filing that we did, Kevin. In the -- we did not -- I can't recall the dollar amount we actually put in the capital markets day presentation. But it is the same as that we had in the S-4 filing and we do expect to update that number once we complete our purchase accounting.
James K. Hilger: Yes. It's the depreciation expense, which should be similar to what HCP had incurred, as well as the amortization of the intangibles. That does not include goodwill, which you do not amortize.
James K. Hilger: Yes, Whit, this is Jim. The earn-out is actually put on the opening balance sheet as a contingent liability, and then each quarter, the probability of achievement of that is reassessed. And if it increases, it's run through as an expense. If it decreases, it’s a negative expense effectively. That would go through the 2013 financials, but there will be a probability of achievement already on the books on the closing financials.
James K. Hilger: No, Darren, that's not correct. What we will do in purchase accounting is estimate the probabilistic outcome of the total earn-out. So if the total earn-out is $275 million, we will record as part of the purchase price some amount that is less than $275 million because there is some probability that they won't achieve the earn-out in '13 or '14. And then, as the earn-out is earned and as things progress, quarter-by-quarter, we'll reassess that probabilistic outcome, and the change in those estimates will then result in either a P&L charge or a reduction of expense in the quarter of the change in estimate. So I would not expect significant quarterly swings here, Darren, unless there is a significant change in the business.
James K. Hilger: Well, we haven't finalized that yet, but my guess is it will be in the range of -- and I'll give you a broad range, but just to try to size it, $225 million to $275 million, somewhere in that range.
Darren Lehrich: I wanted to ask a few things here. I guess just in terms of the outlook, would be interested in just getting your thoughts on sequestration, in particular. I'm familiar with your probabilistic language in terms of how things get baked in from the risk side of the equation. But I guess I'd be curious just to know how probable or high the probability is in the outlook relative to sequestration, just to help us get our arms around that. I think most of us have assumed in our model that, that's close to 100% probability. So specific to that, maybe would like to hear how you're thinking about that on the risk side.
Darren Lehrich: Okay. So high -- greater than 50%? Just maybe you could qualitatively help us think about how that's baked into your outlook.
Darren Lehrich: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could, with Matt in the line, we obviously appreciate the detail, Jim, on the HCP performance in Q3. I would be curious to know, what the year ago, Q3 was, we're also getting a hand on the seasonality of the business. So just with a comparison on EBITDA. And, Matt, specifically, if you can just help us think about the seasonal true-ups and the utilization and sort of what the your order of magnitude was for those in the period.
Darren Lehrich: Any sense for whether you think that will improve from 3.5 next year? I'm just trying to understand if that's possible swing factor for next year.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Sure, the utilization in third quarter, usually, it's better and we had the same phenomena happen last year third quarter. Also, there were true-up based on our risk adjustment factors that's at the time of the year that Medicare CMS pays us and updates the RAP score. So that exact thing happened also in 2011.
Matthew Mazdyasni: That is the acquisition -- it's ABQ Health in Albuquerque, New Mexico. We consummated that transaction effective September 1. And we are now in the process of helping them to have all the core competencies that HealthCare Partners has and implement that for that market.
Matthew Mazdyasni: That the level of detail -- first of all, it moves up and down quite a bit. And second, that's not a level of detail that we've provided up to this point. I don't know that we ever will, but certainly, aren't doing it now because it does move amount a fair amount.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Matt, this is Matthew Mazdyasni. I want to go back to your earlier question about the coding. I think what is most exciting to our organization and our physicians and caregiver is by appropriately coding and documenting it, it really help us to do the disease management, the population health, the treatment of these patients. So the fact that we are very good at it, I think mostly is because we're looking at it from a clinical point of view and using that information to help us treat the patient more effectively. So I just wanted to add that.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Yes, it is truly an exception because when I look at what we are hearing from payers who want to partner with us and really ask us to go through different areas, it is very much -- they want to work with us because very much, they are interested in partnering with us. So it is truly an exceptional situation that exists. When we look at the opportunities on all the other markets, the payers are more than interested for us to grow with them.
Matthew Mazdyasni: Sure. The average currently is 3.5. And as you know, the star rating, it's not only based on what we do. HEDIS, which is the measurement that we contribute, it's part of that star rating. The rest of it, it depends on how the plan does business and how good they are in responding to the patients' calls and lots of other things. So we are working with certain health plans to see how we can improve upon that. That is now a bigger item, if you will, when health plans come, and we have a monthly or quarterly meeting with them. They're paying a lot of attention to it, and they are asking us to help them also. And we believe in the long term, it's going to also incentivize and encourage these plans to really work with the groups who really are effective in those measures. And some of the smaller groups and IPAs, unfortunately, they are not investing and have not invested in those infrastructure to improve the HEDIS criteria.
Matthew Mazdyasni: I can't predict what the number is going to be, but I think it's an opportunity as they're finding out that we can help them and others cannot, perhaps, bring some more enrollment to us.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Oh, did you want me -- sure. As you know, Roche and Amgen entered into a marketing agreement in '11 to bring their product to market at the end of May in 2014. I'm not familiar with where they are with respect to actually introducing their commercial product.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Sure. Obviously, right now, we don't have specific visibility into the answer to that question, Andrea. CMS has not announced their intention specifically whether they are going to rebate the entire bundle or not, and they obviously have not yet given specifics around how they're thinking about the oral policy and the introduction of that. We're having good conversation with CMS. They understand the magnitude, the challenge of introducing these oral drugs and, at the same time, doing it in a way that allows clinical quality to improve while the economics are reasonable for providers. So that is certainly something that will be the subject of continuing discussion between the industry and the agency as we move forward in 2013.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Well, I do think what Kent -- Kent's remarks were correct. Yes, most of us do not know how this will play out. A couple of things that we can offer, which is that the benchmark plans do cover dialysis, so that's a good fact. It is a fact today that individuals do pay out of pocket and maintain their commercial insurance. Hopefully, within the exchanges, that same type of level of policy would be reasonably affordable. I don't believe we can yet make predictions about what the policies would look like more specifically or who will purchase them. I think that's just not knowable at this point in time.
Whit Mayo: I guess first just a quick technical question on the earn-out, I'm just trying to figure out exactly how that works in 2013. It doesn't appear that it's in the guidance. So I guess I'm trying to get an idea of how you accrue that cost, do you accrue it at all, is it onetime in December and to what extent you'll provide transparency around that.
Whit Mayo: Looking at the exchange -- the unknowns around exchanges and whether or not we'll see the small group market compromise and the individual market grow and the questions around whether or not MSP applies to the individual market in the exchanges. I thought that's what you were referring to when you said there were some risks around the exchanges. Maybe we're talking about 2 different topics here.
Whit Mayo: Yes. No, it does. I guess I was trying to dive a little bit more specifically into the individual market and whether or not -- if it's complicated because MSP doesn't apply there and if you begin to see the small group market compromise over time. I guess it's a sort of longer-term question that we all sort of have.
