Robert J. Margolis: Thank you, Kent. Good afternoon. I've had just the great honor and privilege to lead HCP for almost 40 years. But as has been previously announced, I'll be stepping down as of March 1 and my role will be handed over to Dr. Craig Samitt. Craig's been learning, listening hard, orienting, leading the HCP teammates in all of our markets for close to 6 months now and we are now ready to proceed with this planned transition, as I say, on March 1. Craig has an enormous background in both M.D. training and business training, a great commitment to our clinical leadership culture necessary to move HCP to even greater heights. And I personally look forward to supporting him in my new role as a strategic adviser to the company, as I remain actively involved, especially in growth initiatives, as well as remaining Co-Chairman of the board of DaVita HealthCare Partners. I'll now turn it over to Garry Menzel, our CFO, for more detail on the numbers.
Robert J. Margolis: I think that's a complete answer. We do a lot of M&A due diligence and many groups are struggling, especially with the MA cut. And it's an opportunity for us when it comes to consolidation and growth.
Robert J. Margolis: Clearly, last year, we thought that the health plans would trade some growth for margin. They didn't. There's a lot of belief that they may this year, but I don't think we're ready to speculate based on our experience last year. But there's no question that the pressure on physician groups with the revenue cuts is, in some cases, going to put them in a position where they have to do something to survive.
Robert J. Margolis: One thing you can say about us is we learn. And so we are leading the way in what we believe is an unusual rate environment. Recognized that the last couple of years of parity and rough rescaling is a new environment compared to the many years ahead of before that. So this kind of issue was not raised frequently in contract discussions. And I'd say we are smarter now than we were a year ago and we're making good progress.
Craig E. Samitt: This is Craig Samitt. Afternoon, everyone. We are certainly waiting for feedback from the government regarding the impact of rates in 2015. As we discussed in December, we've been renegotiating contract terms that provide us greater protections and inputs in plan design. We've renegotiated a contract with a large payor partner in one of our legacy markets that provides us new protections in 3 dimensions: first, in the event that benefits are increased, revenue to HCP will be increased by an independently determined value of the enhanced benefit. Second, in the event that benefits are decreased, we and the payor will seek to mutually agree on any reductions of revenue to HCP. And third, in the event that there is a material change in CMS funding or funding structure, HCP will have a 90-day notice period to drive a renegotiation of the revenue terms with the payor prior to arbitration. The third scenario is more in line with the circumstance that we faced in 2014 in terms of rates and benefit preservation. And so this is where we find our efforts in renegotiating contract terms with payors going into 2015.
Craig E. Samitt: Right now, the renegotiated contract that I referenced represents a minor subset of our overall MA population. And we will grow from there over the course of the coming years as we renegotiate the contracts.
Craig E. Samitt: There are no particular capabilities that I would call out at this point. I think we're looking at broad-based opportunities for improvement.
Kent J. Thiry: But Matthew, let me hasten to add, that is an example of the type of work we will do going forward. We still have a number of legacy contracts that do not have those provisions and exactly what we do and what the payors do if and when there are additional rate cuts is unclear and will be determined out in the marketplace.
Kent J. Thiry: No. Brian, the change in our perspective on '14 is almost entirely driven by the fact that the FTC has been slow on approving merger to plans in that market and some of our new contractual provisions are not triggered until that deal is consummated. That's why there's the adjustment in our thoughts on '14.
Kent J. Thiry: No. There's no change. We've always managed comprehensive populations in a comprehensive way. All that's changing here is how it gets accounted for.
Kent J. Thiry: It's a moving target. As you probably know, if you've been following the releases, LA County, which is the biggest opportunity as far as numbers in dual has now announced the additions of 3 new plans. We have excellent relationships with those 2, not with CareMore. The revenue associated with the duals has not been formalized and so everybody continues to look at it as an opportunity if the revenue matches the risk. But at this point, it's hard to predict that.
Kent J. Thiry: We hope so. And we are certainly in active discussions with all of the relevant health plans. You may have also noted that in Orange County, they've delayed the rollout of the duals, so this will be an LA County-specific issue with those several plans that were announced.
Kent J. Thiry: I think this is a little bit like as we move to bundling in the Kidney Care side, Justin, where -- I don't think it's in your best interest for us to provide quarterly updates on what percent of the contacted book falls into what categories. So suffice it to say, we're working the issue, as we pledged to you we would. And I think you'll just have to accept the fact it's incorporated into our guidance beyond that, at least for now.
Kent J. Thiry: The -- it's a fair question and we are not prepared to answer that right now. So let us just play with that, Justin, and see if that's something we want to be talking about so publicly next quarter. And it won't be in the end, of course, an analytically precise number because of some of the specific variables in some of the contracts. But I hear what you're saying that with -- if we had more of what we have now with respect to that contract, how much would that mitigate. I hear the question and right now, you know it's in a minority of our contracts and so you can take that as a directional answer. And beyond that, let's wait until next quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: As to rates, we know that we only agreed to our normal commercial rates with respect to any exchanges. At least I don't know of any exceptions to that and so if there are any, it would be very minor but it could be literally 0. We know of other people who make the same statements. We don't know where some of these patients are going to be taken care of. Some of these narrow networks do not have quality dialysis providers in them. And we have not noticed any material outflow of patients from our centers. But it's so early in the year and we don't get data from every center right away. And so, I think we have to wait a couple more months before we can comment more analytically on your question.
Kent J. Thiry: I think, from a -- just working with the government point of view, that enough government folks preferred us to take that path. And in general, we like to work as collaboratively as possible with all government agencies. And so that was the primary motivator.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. It's a fair question, Kevin. But you know as well as we do, it is so hard to predict what deals are going to come out and with what pricing expectations, what your competitors are going to do. So it is logical to think that there might be some increase in M&A activity because of the squeeze going on economically. But boy, there's so many variables that I would be really hesitant to throw anything into a model.
Kent J. Thiry: The short answer is no. The types of joint ventures that are the focus of the settlement with the government are not a material part of our past nor our future and not a big part of the industry overall. And so it really has no impact on our or anybody else's acquisition thinking, would be my guess.
Kent J. Thiry: I would just say on both sides of the house when reimbursement gets cut, you got to look for savings and the notion of finding 0 just doesn't feel like a high-performing organization. And so while we, on both sides of the house, feel quite good about our economic prudence in the past, we will be looking at everything again with the fresh perspective that's forced by reimbursement cuts. But there's nothing -- there's no big straightforward lever to pull that we've been just sitting around not pulling before.
Kent J. Thiry: We haven't decided yet. And it's a, as you might guess and as many of you know, for us, an incredibly painful decision. There's a reason we carry a lot of money-losing centers, not counting de novo centers, which, of course, you expect to lose money for a while. And that is that we were a successful enterprise. We love taking care of our patients. And the notion of closing centers where we're taking care of people is just not what we're about. At the same time, there have to be limits and if the government is going to cut rates as they have and as they're contemplating, doing nothing is just not appropriate, although anything we would do would always be in careful collaboration with other people in the local market in order to maintain continuity of care. So we can't give a number right now because we haven't decided and we're agonizing as we look. But we felt it was important to let you know that the number wasn't going to be 0.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I appreciate it. The short answer, yes, it could. But it's unlikely that most of the relevant transactions were with groups with whom we have larger and multifaceted relationships and, therefore, not expected to change. And even in the couple of cases where it might be a smaller relationship, in most of those instances it shouldn't make a difference either. As someone mentioned earlier, over 70% of our centers already are wholly owned. And so it's not that us owning 100% or something is somehow a destabilizing element. For the most part. Of course, there could be an exception or 2, but not the rule.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. And let me first go backwards a moment because someone asked a few moments ago how many JVs we have. And that's not something we've disclosed before. But we have disclosed the percent of our revenue that comes from JVs and that's right in the ballpark of 21%. So from that, you can pretty well infer how many there are out there and be in the right strategic ballpark. The type of JVs that we're focused on are JVs where we did a partial divestiture, which is to say that we owned 100% and then sold a percentage of that -- a minority percentage of that 100% to local nephrologists.
Kent J. Thiry: It's pretty much that simple. And because we are in the process of finalizing all aspects of the agreement, I just don't think it's a good idea to start parsing things any further. So I think we'll leave it at that for today.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we've broken that out. Suffice it to say, we anticipate doing more acquisitions. Whether it will be a little more, a little less than the prior year, impossible to predict. Could there be a significant dropoff in acquisitions? Maybe. Just don't know, too early in the year. Could there be a significant increase in acquisitions on the Kidney Care side? That's unlikely. There's nothing out there that would provoke that. On the de novo front, we once again expect to have a robust year of building de novos in areas where there's enough private patients to subsidize the federal government, but we don't go beyond that and give a specific number. It's always a little hard to nail down.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know the number and I don't know that we've tracked. Because in general, any exchange that's willing to pay our normal commercial rates, we sign up for; and those that don't, we don't. So it's been a pretty simple decision filter and I don't know that anybody's added them up.
Kent J. Thiry: I'm sure that some people have and we have no way of knowing how many. But given we're all in the same situation where the 10% of our patients that are private subsidize the 90% that are government, there are limits to how much of that you can do before you put your entire survival at risk. So I'm sure the answer is yes and only time will tell how many it was.
Kent J. Thiry: On the ones we've lost that are of size, I can think of a couple, maybe 3. 2 went to payors and 1 went to a health system, a hospital health system. So and that I worry that, that "n" is so small that could be misleading. But that is the factual answer to your question of the 3 that I can think of offhand.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. On ESCOs, we do not know when CMS will come out with the version 2 or version 3, depending on how you're counting. And we still have high hopes because we know they want to do it and we know that we and other providers can improve quality significantly and dramatically and transparently while, at the same time, saving literally billions of dollars. So we're incredibly enthusiastic about it but just don't know when the next version will come out. The good news is that there's more and more recognition to the fact that this type of integrated care is the answer. And then on ESAs, I have to admit, I did not get a refresher on the stipulations in our contract as to what we can disclose and what we cannot. And so on any kind of auto step-down in price and the other issues you mentioned, we just, I think, are not allowed to disclose.
Kent J. Thiry: If I'd said it before, then it was true and is still true. But I just couldn't remember offhand the terms of the contract and what we had been allowed to disclose or not and we just didn't do a refresher on that one leading into this call and so we had to err on the side of being safe. But if it was disclosed before, it must have been true and if it was true, it still is true.
Kent J. Thiry: Only if we thought the program was stable enough and long term enough that we could get our shareholders a return on the capital that we were investing. What is so often the case is that if you take that risk upfront and succeed right at the point that you might be expecting to earn the fruits of your labor, the rules change and, therefore, you're not allowed the return what you invested to get. So you got to be awfully cautious on that sort of thing and, therefore, can't answer with a definitive yes or no.
Kent J. Thiry: I absolutely stick to what was said at the capital markets, that if we get hit with the rate decreases, OI will be down.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Our thinking on share buybacks and just in general, our capital deployment is as robust as ever. And over the last 14 years, as some of you can attest, we've been active along the entire spectrum of having a higher leverage ratio, having a lower leverage ratio; doing a lot of buybacks, doing no buybacks; spending a lot of money on acquisitions, spending no money on acquisitions. And so we look at that full spectrum every single quarter. And of course, with respect to share buybacks, we look at what our alternative uses of capital are, what our current valuation is, what are the risk dynamics as you look out in the near and intermediate term. And so we play with it all the time. And right now, we don't have anything interesting to say about any conclusions in that realm.
