Joel Ackerman: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I’m Joel Ackerman, CFO and Treasurer and joining me today is Javier Rodriguez, our CEO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our second quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we’d like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. First, let me start with some additional details on our second quarter results. U.S. dialysis treatments were up 2.3% compared to the first quarter. This was the result of one additional treatment day and an increase of approximately 1% in treatments per day. excess mortality was down significantly from Q1 as the impact of the first Omicron surge receded. I will note this benefit appears to have reversed in June and July, as a new wave is having negative impact on volumes. Mistreatment rates declined in the quarter as a result of typical seasonal patterns but remained higher than usual in Q2 because of the new Omicron subvariants. Revenue per treatment grew quarter-over-quarter by $4.19. primarily due to normal seasonal improvements driven by patients meeting their coinsurance and deductibles, as well as the continued shift to MA plans partially offset by a seasonal decrease in acute treatment volume and the partial loss of Medicare sequestration relief in Q2. Patient care costs per treatment was lowered by $5.47 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to seasonality of health benefits, and payroll taxes and lower costs across multiple other categories. G&A was up approximately $24 million versus Q1. In Q2, there was approximately $23 million of contributions to the industry's campaign against the ballot initiative in California. This is a pull forward of expenses originally planned for Q3. Our estimates for the full year impact of the spend on the ballot initiative have not changed, although it does impact the timing between Q2 and Q3. Additionally, it was a one-time gain on the sale of some self developed properties of $22 million, which approximately offset the pull forward of the ballot initiative spend. The increase in G&A relative to Q1 was largely the result of higher compensation expense, and increased T&E. Putting this all together, to help you understand how we think about the results in Q2 as a starting point for understanding the rest of the year, I would point out a couple of things. First, the ballot initiative expense in the quarter was offset by the gain on the sale of self-developed properties. Both of these items flow through the G&A line and combined had no significant impact on the quarter. Second, results in IKC for the quarter were significantly higher than anticipated for two reasons. First, we recognized shared savings revenue of approximately $15 million that was expected in the back half of 2022. Second, we had positive prior period development of approximately $10 million. Together these resulted in approximately $25 million of benefit in the quarter that we do not anticipate recurring in the back half of 2022. In addition to these components, there were other items as there are every quarter, but these largely offset one another. The result of all this is that earnings for the quarter benefited from a net of approximately $25 million compared to what we would use as a baseline for modeling earnings for the back half of the year. For Q3, and Q4, the spending on the California budget initiative is the only significant seasonal or unusual item that we currently anticipate. In Q2, we repurchased approximately 3.9 million shares of our stock, and we have repurchased an additional 901,000 shares since the quarter end. Finally, I want to add one detail to Javier’s comments about the bridge to 2023 operating income. As he said, we're bringing the range of adjusted OI increase in 2023, down to $200 million to $300 million. The initiatives we are undertaking to deliver on this range are expected to result in non-recurring expenses in 22 and 2023. These non-recurring costs are not included in our guidance. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin, there are really three components to it. One is the Medicare rate as you referenced. The second is some operational and systems changes that we're going to make internally that we think can drive higher yield or higher cash collections, which ultimately results in a higher RPT. And the third are some benefit changes that will impact the patient component and improve our bad debt because the lower the patient component comes back related to out of pocket costs, the lower that goes, the higher we will ultimately collect. None of this is about our expectation of higher rates on commercial or MA.
Joel Ackerman: I think it's more about what will happen going forward than what we've seen so far. Volume is a little bit below where we were expecting. But this is more about our expectations for excess mortality going forward, rather than what we've seen so far.
Joel Ackerman: Well, the total OI for 2023 has changed, it has been brought down in the middle of the range by 75. So it was 250 to 400. We've moved it to 200 to 300. So 75 at the middle of the range, I think it's fair to say that 75 is fully accounted for by our change in volume expectations. There's some other puts and takes as well.
Joel Ackerman: I don't think our views on normalization from COVID have changed in terms of volumes. I think we've stopped kind of thinking about what's the negative impact on OI from COVID and more recognizing where we are today is the new baseline, and how are we going to move forward from here. But the comments we've made about the pull forward, and ultimately, excess mortality, at some point needing to go away and become lower than normal, we still believe in that.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. This relates to changes in the way Medicare is calculating the maximum out of pocket for --and for duels in particular, that's where we see the impact, we have a very heavy dual population in our MA book and as the change in Medicare -- in maximum out of pocket changes. And these dual eligibles reach their maximum out of pocket quicker than ultimately the patient component of which as you know, we collect very little, they'll hit that earlier in the year. And the result is the -- call it the patient bad debt number goes down.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Justin as a reminder, we called out a number more like 125 for this year, so call it a salary wage and benefit increase year-over-year in 22 of about 6%. And that's what we saw on the first quarter. It's what we saw in the second quarter. We're expecting that for the full year. As you look forward to next year, we're expecting the number to come down but remain well above that 2% to 3%. So somewhere roughly halfway between the 3% and the 6% number.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So the prior period development is on the snip business and it's no different than the kind of prior period development you'd see in a managed care plan and that's because our accounting there, we take the full revenue and the full expense through the P&L. The $15 million of shared savings, the process there obviously the year has to end, the claims have to run out to some extent, data is exchanged and reconciled and when we become confident that the shared savings numbers are clarified, that's when we will recognize that revenue. So for some of the 2021 plan years, we got that level of confidence earlier than we expected and that's what led to the $15 million of revenue in Q2 versus the back half of the year when we originally expected it. If you step back in terms of where we are versus capital market today, and I'll use specific numbers just to make it clear. So we were anticipating a loss for the year from IKC roughly $175 million. We now expect that number to come in a bit better, maybe I'd say probably a $10 million to $30 million improvement relative to where we were, part of that is prior period development, part of it is a lower cost structure as we're scaling the business, we're seeing some advantages relative to what we thought. But overall, I would emphasize it is still early in the development of this business. We are expecting ups and downs but it was a good quarter for IKC.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So first, let's be clear, we're not making money, we just had positive prior period development and positive savings, there's still a huge expense base against those. So it's to some extent playing out as we expected with 2021 just the timing is a bit different in the year.
Joel Ackerman: Look at Capital Markets Day, we laid out a plan where the business should become breakeven in 2025 plus or minus as the year where we think we'll crossover anything on our views around the path to IKC profitability has changed yet.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Interest expense, we expect it to go up in Q3 and Q4. There are really three dynamics there, one is just the outstanding amount on our revolver is higher than normal. Second, LIBOR continues to increase and while we are capped on most of our floating rate debt, we're not capped on all of it. And third, because our leverage level is above 3.5 we go into a different tier on our floating rate debt and we're now paying 175 above LIBOR, rather than the spread of 150 above LIBOR. You put that all together, I think, $100 million a quarter of interest expense for Q3 and Q4 is a reasonable estimate.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Sarah. We've been looking at them for quite some time, hopefully our track record, if you look compounded year-after-year, our cost structure has gone up less than a percent over time and so that takes maniacal focus and discipline and execution of some of the type of things that you've said. If you look at ESA, which has been historically our most expensive pharmaceutical, we have personalized dosing and AI algorithms of the type of that you described.
Joel Ackerman: Well, it's embedded in the $200 million to $300 million that we cite for next year and so it's in that range right there. And if you look at that slide, we have in there is a -- the cost savings that's embedded in the pharmaceutical line there.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So the reason it was so big this quarter is it related to one of our central business offices, so a much bigger building historically they generally related to clinics. So the numbers for individual clinics were much smaller but there -- when we were building more clinics historically, there were more of them. So yes, you would have seen numbers like this they were, I'd say reasonably consistent historically. So the reason we call this out is because it was so big and it was anomalous relative to what you've seen recently.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, so cash flows were hurt by cash taxes this quarter, so that was the big hit there. In terms of DSOs, we do think there's an opportunity to bring it down. That said, I would call out that the shift to MA from Medicare Fee-For-Service that we've seen over the last couple of years, will structurally increase our DSOs by a couple of days. Medicare is a very quick payer, the MA, DSOs are more typical to the DSOs you'd see in a commercial book and as we have less Medicare Fee-For-Service and more MA, it does structurally increase the DSOs. That said, I think there is an opportunity to bring it down a little bit.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So our leverage target hasn't changed at 3 to 3.5 times and I think we've always been consistent that this is a range we want to be in most of the time but not necessarily all of the time and if you go back a few years you would have seen us well above it and well below it. Where we wind up in year end and in 2023, I think will depend on a few things, share buybacks being one of them obviously earnings being another, free cash flow being a third. So we're not, we're not going to give out a number because it will depend on all those factors. But I'd say over time, we continue to believe 3 to 3.5 times is the right range for us and we plan to get back there.
Joel Ackerman: Justin, we’re staying at it, as you know it's a complicated topic but the one thing you can count on is that we're going to stay consistently focused on returning to shareholders. And then, on the margin, the question is, do you get a little more aggressive and you lever up a bit, because you think it's a good opportunity and then of course, you also have to look that the world has a little more uncertainty. There is a little more uncertainty right now and so you have to take all those trade-offs, but everything is on the table.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I mean, we look at the relative trade-offs of -- we think of those both as to some extent opportunities to return capital to our shareholders. So we'll look at both of them, depending on where they're trading. Although I think the history is clear, we tend to lean towards share buybacks over buying back our debt.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin is Javier, the short answer is it's too early to tell. And so we continue to watch it. And we will let you know if we see anything. As we said last time, there's a segment that's more likely than not, which is that small employer but these things take time. And so we don't have anything new to report on it.
Javier Rodriguez: Remember, Kevin, we talked a little about a pull forward, we call it sort of COVID unwind at one point, which is we thought that once that excess mortality unwound, that we would have a little richer growth in one year, and now we just don't have visibility. Mathematically, of course, it will happen but we don't have visibility as to when it will happen. And so that's the math that the Joel just talked.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I'll let Joel answer some of that technical questions you asked. But one of the things that I really want to make sure that we jot down on this one is that this business is -- has a lot more ups and downs. And to look at it quarter-over-quarter, it’s probably not a great way to look at it, but rather to look at it on an annual basis because of these true ups and the lumpiness and the seasonality of the flu and all the things that happen in this type of business. But that said, Joel, one chance at the technical part.
Javier Rodriguez: I’d grab that. It's hard to talk about the entire country as a unison because there's sub-markets and labor markets are a very different market-by-market. I would say that it feels that we have crossed the most difficult period that this quarter feels a lot easier than last quarter, but that was on the hardest quarter in the history of the company.  So contextually speaking, it's still a difficult labor market. As it relates to the second part of your question, are there markets where we're not accepting patients? The vast majority of our clinics are accepting patients, vast majority. There are a couple of pockets, five or so markets that are the vast majority of the ones where we have pressure. And so the way to look at it is that if you're a patient, the first thing you want to do is of course, get out of the hospital. There's lots of stress around acclimating to your new life on dialysis. But that said, the most important thing is you want safety and once you get to the right staffing, then you save time away from home in the right location. Right now we have more centers than usual, where a person has to travel longer than they wish, but they are getting placed and so we're working through those dynamics and hope to revert to normal over the course of the year.
Javier Rodriguez: Sorry, Sarah and did you say IKC? Is that where you started? Or did you say something at the beginning? I didn't catch it.
Javier Rodriguez: I think, Sarah, we’re relying on giving the commentary during the call making sure the analysts and the investors understand what's moving up and moving down. In terms of putting this in a table on the press release, that's not something we've been thinking about recently.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Gary, good memory, our contract does expire at the end of this year. We have renewed a contract on the ESA front and the savings are embedded in $200 million to $300 million increase year-over-year.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks, Justin. The inventory levels are a little below what they normally are but we've passed the period of high anxiety and having to share et cetera. So I think the worst is behind us and we can move forward.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, there's not much to report Pito. We're excited to partner and develop medical innovation and technologies with Medtronic. I think the only thing that we have to report is that the FTC has passed the period of Hart-Scott-Rodino and so it's a pro-competitive deal. So we anticipated it to be low scrutiny and that's how it went of course, the FTC can always come back and ask, but that was a positive thing and directionally exciting for us and its early, of course the transaction will probably close in Q1 of next year, and so not a lot more to report.
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Thank you, Michelle. Just got two closing thoughts. First, we've been talking for over a decade about the potential contributions of Integrated Kidney Care toward improving the quality of life of our patients and lowering total costs. Now we have a sizable population, and we are very hard at work, building systems, the capabilities needed to deliver on this potential. Second, the operating environment and macro landscape as we discussed are very tough. I am very proud of the teammate’s resilience and agility to offset some of these headwinds by creating the cost savers. We appreciate your interest in our company and we'll be talking soon. See you all.
Justin Lake: Thanks. A couple of follow ups from Kevin's question there. First, you talked about some benefit changes that are going to help reduce patient out pockets, you might give us a little more color.
Justin Lake: Got it. And is that just effectively show profitability in terms of that falls right to the bottom-line in terms of price.
Justin Lake: Got it. And last question, just the industry was facing dialysis shortage over -- earlier in the year, haven't heard much about it recently just I know, they’d expected to kind of get back to normal in the June-July timeframe so just wanted to get an update there.
