Kent Thiry: Thanks, Jim. This was a tough quarter in which we were able to offset the revenue per treatment declines with operating cost management to deliver on slight operating income as we told you to expect last quarter. Luis will, as usual, offer more commentary on the quarter. I'll cover three topics: One, clinical outcomes; two, bundling; three, outlook.  First, clinical outcomes. We always present them first because that is what must come first. We are, first and foremost, a caregiver company now serving more than 122,000 patients. A, with respect to adequacy, it is essentially how well we are doing at removing toxins from our patient's blood. This quarter, 96% of our hemodialysis patients had Kt/V greater than 1.2. This is 90-day data. B, with respect to vascular access, 66% of our patients have fistulas, which is the preferred form of vascular access as many of you know. That's also 90-day data. And third, anemia management, physicians have managed 67% of our patients to hemoglobin levels, between 10 and 12 over the last quarter. For these and virtually all other clinical measures, our patient outcomes compared very favorably to national averages, consistently the best or among the best. Our quality critical care, we remind you, not only results in healthier patients, but also drives substantial reductions in hospitalizations and surgical procedures, and therefore, generate significant savings to the U.S. taxpayer.  Subject number two, the bundle. CMS released it, as I'm sure all of you know, last week. I'll just make a couple of points, and no doubt, you'll have some questions during Q&A. It was very disappointing to see that CMS selected to keep the transition adjustment in the way they did. The 3.1% cut in reimbursement, we believe, is based upon bad assumptions and logic that takes us far beyond the 2% cut that Congress intended. This larger cut will increase our losses on Medicare patients and put more pressure on private insurers to subsidize these Medicare losses.  However, there were many other areas where CMS did listen to the community's concerns and comments, and we don't want to ignore or give short shrift to those. There is still a couple of areas that came out in the bundle, two of which we're putting more analysis on the table. And so, it will be some number of weeks before we're prepared to make our decision and to give 2011 guidance. Likely, we'll do that on our Q3 call. And independent timing, we continue to work on ways to offset the overall cut. It is too soon to get precise estimates on how much that will be.  Third and finally, on our outlook, we have narrowed our operating income guidance for 2010 by increasing the bottom end of the range. That new guidance is for operating income of $970 million to $1.02 billion. We're also increasing our cash flow guidance to $725 million to $825 million. This is, of course, based on the strong first half and rolling 12-month performance. One other positive development that's noteworthy is that we have successfully established a higher level of stability into our go-forward private rates by signing long-term contracts with two large payers at reasonable compromised rates.  I'll now turn the call over to Luis, our new Chief Financial Officer.
Kent Thiry: Well, I think the first part of your question was on positives. They significantly reduced number of case mix adjusters. That was a positive. The transition adjustment was a negative. I'll flip it to LeAnne to list a couple of the other puts and takes, who shall be more articulate than me.
Kent Thiry: No, I thought that we can't do that, Kevin. It just wouldn't be in your or the other shareholders' best interest to start discussing individual contracts. And it was also the contracts that are, of course, baked into our guidance. But the good news is that it creates a lot more go-forward stability in that part of our revenue structure. And of course, what increased stability means is that you eliminate some downside, but you also eliminate some upside. That's why the other side agrees. So we think it was a good move for our shareholders. But more detail beyond that would make sense, suffice it to say we traded up upside for limiting downside.
Kent Thiry: Fair question, again, won't disclose exact terms for individual contracts. But when we say long term, that typically means at least two. And if we ever did one longer than five, we'd let you know. And so, I would just say that these two fall into that range.
Kent Thiry: No. A deal is a deal is a deal. It may happen, it may not happen. We bring it up only because we anticipate questions about what we're going to do with the cash in our balance sheet. And so, we just wanted to give you that heads-up. But it's a normal deal with all the vicissitudes around terms and timing of completion risks. And I want to go back for one second. Well, it was two big contracts that we signed were both bundle, I just want to repeat. It isn't a requirement in all our new payer contracts that they be bundled. It is a preference, but in some cases, our shareholder economics will be better served if we do not do bundled payer contracts. It just so happened that these two, it was in both parties' best interest to do it that way.
Kent Thiry: It will be more expensive, probably in the range of -- right now, we're at LIBOR plus 150. And the indicative price when we've had is LIBOR plus 300 to LIBOR plus 350 on the floating rate facilities. And on the bond side, it's around 7% or so. And that's our current market information for the toughest structures we're looking at.
Kent Thiry: I think what we can offer for you is that our percentage bundle continues to go up. So we're making progress there. And we remain comfortable with where we expect to be as we go into 2011 in terms of the percentage of our book that is bundled versus not. For sure, we'll go into 2011 with some that's not, but we think we'll be in a good position in terms of managing that balance.
Kent Thiry: At this point, we wouldn't anticipate any dramatic change in SG&A or any dramatic expenditures in CapEx. Having said that, they won't be zero either. The primary dynamism is going to be in the other category you mentioned, which is just what exactly changes in operating costs and when. Well, there's a function of any operating innovation and as a function of some of the inherent cost of managing this kind of massive change process. But a lot of those expenses will be people who'll be redeployed to work on it from other stuff, as opposed to a whole bunch of new people hired on a temporary basis. So it's much more that third category of redeployment of operating costs versus any dramatic new cost. However, let me just be redundant and say that the cost will be nonzero on the operating side. They're just not going to be dramatic.
Kent Thiry: I'm sorry but the answer will be inherently ambiguous because the reality is inherently ambiguous. It's a little bit like if you're in a football game, when you move from the 30-yard line, you're in 30-yard line, to the other guy's 30-yard line. Yes, you closer to a touchdown? Yes. It that all certain that you get to score one? No. So we thought it was worth mentioning because there would be useful information for you to have on multiple levels. Having said that, we unfortunately have to immediately qualify it by saying we're not in the end zone yet.
Kent Thiry: Yes. Our hope is that they do good analysis and a bunch comes back if that's appropriate, which is what we'd expect. This is all if they don't adjusted it between now and then, since they're objective is to get a lot of providers in the bundle. And they're really getting it away of that objective with that currently contemplated transition adjustment. But if it stays the way it is, we can only hope for a very high-quality analysis on a look-back basis, the subsequent year. Handicapping that is so difficult. I don't know what qualitative adjectives to use, but I just couldn't throw out -- I guess the use the word hope is the best we can do for you.
Kent Thiry: Now I would use words comparable to what Rich used, which is that we are comfortable with where we are, which more or less means that we're on plan if anything were a tad ahead.
Kent Thiry: I will would go to the mixed issue, that's been brought up a couple of times appropriately. The reason we have a hard time forecasting is the same reasons that economists of our time forecasting the economy on once employment, unemployment starts to decline and employment starts to increase, particularly if it's quality employment with benefits, then number of people with private insurance will start to go up. And we don't have any particular expertise in forecasting broader employment trends, and that's why we have to be so careful in our answers to your questions about our particular mix. It's very much a reflection of the macro environment.
Kent Thiry: On the VA, we have reached a bunch of new agreements where we took a rate hit. And only time will tell if these agreements lead to a long-term relationship or not. If the VA wants to get even lower rates, then we'll have to do what we have zero desire to do, but to turn down patients, particularly those in remote locations because we simply can't afford to take more patients at a loss. And so, we're hoping we'd reach a new equilibrium and can move forward in a positive way from here.
Kent Thiry: They can decide that, and so if unfortunately fits to that category, time will tell. We know that a lot of people in the VA responded positively to our flexibility. And we assume the flexibility of others, that's certainly the indirect communications that have been offered to us. On the other hand, we just don't know enough to be certain about what will happen next. And we think they understand the reality of significantly decreased access for veterans if they put us in a position where just like the rest of Medicare, we lose money on virtually on every patient.
Kent Thiry: I think the most important thing is that new rates are baked into our go-forward guidance without parsing through exactly what happened to this quarter or not.
Kent Thiry: I think the uncertainty around change like this, which of course is reduced in many ways now that the rule is out, but still there because of all the things that might happen with the innovation that the rule will provoke. I think that will lead to more deals getting done, particularly smaller ones. And we, in fact, have done more small acquisitions in the first six months of this year than we have for sometime. It's is not a big enough difference to really move the dial from your perspective, but that sort of trend might continue. And so, it's a nice little bump both in terms of current economics and long-term strategic positioning.
Kent Thiry: We have remaining authorization as well as cash on our balance sheet to do so. So the share repurchase on there, where that continue to evaluate and execute as appropriate.
Kent Thiry: Yes. I know don't know exactly what words to use, because they're not terrifically explicit zone, on the table or off the table. I don't know if you can use the metaphor. Maybe it's off the table in front of the cover for a moment but it could be put back on the table at anytime and so we just -- we do not know as it could be that they don't know yet. They're looking at the fact that they have achieved some substantial savings and they're looking at the fact that there could be widespread disruption in some bad clinical and economic things that happen if they insist on mandating even lower rates. And exactly what they are thinking about that trade-off literally, we don't know.
Kent Thiry: Correct. And if you recall, Andreas, you should remember this, that going way way back, we went to the government and said, we would much prefer that you pick any system other than ASP plus six because we do not want to taint associated with having any kind of margin of that type of cost plus margin on a drug because it leaves us open to such suspicion. And so in that sense, moving to a bundle is philosophically wonderful. Now we can't be naive about that. We'll now be accused of underutilizing. And so we will continue to do what we've always done, which is have very transparent clinical protocols that are developed by physicians, most of them have although zero knowledge of the nature of our contracts and the subtleties of reimbursement because of the way we design the process. We want that to be a clinically pure decision.
Kent Thiry: No, that's absolutely true. And one metaphor that I use is that if the government reimbursed nurses, that average salary plus 6%, we would all have more nurses because you would not have anything to trade off against and you'd want to play it absolutely safe. And so it's sort of almost ridiculous to ask and answer the question. But if you take something that's useful, like a nurse or a good drug, and make it free, then physicians who prescribe that drug are operating executives who decide, I mean, nurses to have -- will err on the side of having more up to but not anywhere near the point of putting anyone at risk, of course. Once you move to a world in which nurses are not free. And in fact, if you hire another nurse, you will have fewer technicians or have a tougher time renovating a center or a tougher time buying new chairs or a tougher time building a new center. Once you're in a world that having to trade that off against other things, you'll end up finding some other things that are better incremental uses of time and money. And that same thing is going to happen in the pharma utilization world, that there are going to be innovations that take place because it's no longer free.
Kent Thiry: Yes, because that's the rational thing for people to think about and lots of people are doing that and exactly what answers will merged that are clinically equivalent or superior, no one knows yet but there's a lot of good brains working on it.
Kent Thiry: There's two different questions embedded in that. There's no change in our go forward expense structure. We've got a certain number of people in corporate overhead, if you want to call it that, and they got to be in a building somewhere. And we're going to have to pay rent on that building. And so the actual P&L economics are virtually identical in this new world we're moving into, where we put a lot of people in the same building and it's dedicated to be the building so it can hold our DaVita University, where thousands of our leaders will pass through each year, which we think will yield some very healthy productivity, retention and capability benefits. So on the P&L front, there's no change in philosophy because the economics are virtually identical. On the philosophy front, it is a change when we just decided what our emerging size and complexity, the economic value intangibly of getting a lot more of us in the same building, so that it's easier to remain tightly integrated as we have in the first decade. But that was just a very big deal. And it's already -- even as we're moving more and more people into the interim headquarters, the economic power of being together more often and having some of our people travel less often already exceeds our expectations. So two buckets. Economic, there ain't no change of any significance because you had the same number of bodies that you would otherwise in the same amount of rent per square foot and you pick up some savings in airplane travels and things like that, but we'd never want to market that as being material. And then on philosophical side or the intangible side, we think the benefits are immense. If you think about it, just a tiny, tiny adjustment in our labor productivity per hour equals millions of dollars annually. And we think by consolidating more of our professional development, we're going to get that.
Kent Thiry: You actually don't think. Bundling has much to do with it. That it's much more a function of some of the increasing visibility of the bound clinical issues, surrounding some of the drugs. And that it is virtually 100% that we just don't think a lot of physicians are out there thinking a lot about the bundle when they're deciding how much EPO to give you and me.
Kent Thiry: Yes. And I don't want to be -- let me just drill for the right words here for a moment because I do want you to -- in terms of I might answer that they could be December 27. The rates are either in effect or going into effect soon. And so it's not something that's delayed over four, five, six month that you have to worry every time you have to do head fake [ph] by saying they're incorporated into 2010 guidance. But the dominant economic effect will be felt soon. And so our answer is not an end around.
Kent Thiry: Well, I am pausing because I'm think a literal answer to your question, which is a well considered question, do we feel a little better? The answer to that precise question is yes. We feel a little better.
Kent Thiry: Yes, again, very fair question and they are above average contracts in size. Otherwise, we wouldn't brought them up.
Kent Thiry: One of them was at the high level of aggregation, the other one wasn't, but both well above the average size and so they did represent a reasonable continuation of our trend towards longer term contracting, more bundled contracting and since we've sometimes had to frustrate you necessarily the last couple of quarter's by staying totally qualitative in our comments, we thought we would pounce on this opportunity to give you a more tangible sense to the fact that we're making good progress in reducing our risk profile.
Kent Thiry: I would say over the long-term that the transfer's aggregation, which we've talked about maybe every year or so for the last four years will continue. Will it pick up in speed? I think there's a very reasonable chance it will. I don't know that that's going to lead to any material near-term difference in competitive dynamics of the business. But I do think the long-term trend that we've talked about over five years will continue and it might pick up a little bit. And in general, that plays to our advantage.
Kent Thiry: Exactly, so I think it's enough for you to categorize. It is not very material within the relevant investment timeframe, most likely.
Kent Thiry: Okay, two parts. A, with respect to mortality. We intensely hope to continue to improve our survival rates, and it's just gloriously wonderful how much we've done that over the last few years. We took a significant step back when we bought Gambrel and then got right back on the same trajectory marching down. So we hope that continues and it's just very unfortunate that means that we have a bigger Medicare cost deficit to fill until such time as any one on this calls has a relative on dialysis and then they're really happy that we have done that. Second, on the private side and the numerator part of the equation, history would indicate very strongly that an economic recovery will lead to a private insurance recovery, will lead to a more private patients, which will be a very nice bump for us. If it doesn't happen, then the pressure on the government to increase rates goes way, way up because when centers close down, real people get hurt, and real voters get upset. So there's a natural hedge there because we're talking about important stuff.
Kent Thiry: Actually, we would make no prediction as to how far it could bounce back. I would not discount the probability that if we go back to what it was in the good old days depending on how healthcare reform moves forward, could have a tremendous impact to the number of people on private insurance. At the same time, we're not predicting that it will bounce back to those levels. It just so much has to do with what happens with healthcare structurally over the next four or five years on top of whatever the economy does.
Kent Thiry: If you had a piece of paper, you just picture four different circles. One picture, one circle is the office of the Chief Medical Officer, which is a group of very senior experienced docs that work for us 50% or 100%, and are the architects of new ideas and the trials and tests in order to compare those new ideas analytically. And second circle would be a P&T committee, which has not only physicians but also nurses, pharmacist and others that study the alternative clinical protocols with respect to any impact on the device used, the center of operations, things like that. The third circle would be our physician counsel, which is a set of physicians who don't work for us and are active practicing nephrologists, who would then debate and discuss all the observations, evidence, analysis, et cetera, from those first two circles. And the fourth circle was DCR, degree of clinical research, which is either the leading or one of the two leading clinical research organizations in the road in terms of kidney-focused pharma, biological and device trials, as well as medical informatics, which is to say the statistical analysis of all sorts of trials. And in the fourth circle that does a lot of the work to guide the conversations of those prior three. It's also an entirely separate profitable subsidiaries. So it's market tested in terms of its quality and rigor. So the process moves through those four groups iteratively, all of it under the watchful eye of our compliance team to make sure that everything that is done is documented. So the clinical validity and clinical motivation is not only pure but is well established, written down and documented.
Kent Thiry: A short answer is no, there's a lot of experiments and pilots going on, but they're not of enough size to explain any material part of the change. Hence our earlier answer to the related question saying that the changes going on is position-driven and all the data that we have suggested, it's physician responding to a lot of the journals and articles and data that's being discussed, particularly surrounding some of the drugs. So the short answer is no and those are the subpoints underneath, that's a short answer. I also add that, that the fifth group that's involved in this process throughout is all of our nephrologists in the community. So when the Office of the Chief Medical Officer or the physician counsel start seriously looking at ideas, those ideas are shared with hundreds of nephrologist out in the community for open comment periods. And so that every idea is very, very thoroughly vetted by nephrologists across the nation.
Kent Thiry: We'll look that up for you momentarily. Let's go ahead and go on for the next question and then Mark will come back with that answer and then two of you can stay on the line.
Kent Thiry: That is still our goal. That has not changed. You please have to give us more than a weak to absorb this new regulation before we calibrate how it affects our probability of reaching that goal.
Kent Thiry: The short answer is no. One of the factors -- just repeat what you said, that there were a number of factors that led us to be below and a couple of the important ones were uncertainty around the bundle and uncertainty in the capital markets. And in those areas, there is less uncertainty now. Those were the only two factors but those were two of the big ones and they are different now, you are right.
Kent Thiry: We are current -- our practices to disclose up until the date of the press release when we bought any stock back, and the answer to that is no. And that's why it wasn't in the press release.
Kent Thiry: I'm not sure about the three years, but something like that. It's certainly of a high quarter. I just not sure about the three years.
Kent Thiry: We've not historically disclosed that and we won't do it here today spontaneously. I'm not sure that's the right number for our shareholders to be thinking about, nor our physicians quite frankly. So let us think about when that that's the number we should start publishing each quarter.
Kent Thiry: I think what disappoints you on that one, Darren, that's to disclose more would create more risk for shareholders. That would offset any value in terms of incremental insight, and particularly since we've disclosed a fair amount and we haven't incorporated recent developments into our guidance.
Kent Thiry: And to elaborate further, just so you don't say were totally evading you on all three of your questions. The part of the difficulty was some of those other non-ESRD things is different doctors have different practices. Not only in terms of what they order but who they order it through and from. And different payers handle those things differently and so it's such a moving target. It is hard to know, which is why it would've been terrible for them to put it in the bundle and perhaps in the years to come, there'll be a lot more clarity on what that is in aggregate, much less, what our piece of it is because of course, that's all we could ever know is what piece of it is ours. I want to go back on the mean thing too, Darren, just so you didn't think we're being evasive there. We try to use clinical numbers in our conversations with you and other shareholders that are as close as possible to the ones we use internally. And mean is not one that gets much attention here, aggregate mean. If we start to use in the bunch for helping monitor what's going on in our company, then the odds that we'll start showing it publicly go way up.
Kent Thiry: I know we have said it sometimes in the past but it's always been kind of a one-off thing and we literally calculated just to answer the question as opposed to calculating it as something we used to run the company or communicate with our physicians. And again, as much as possible, we try to avoid using different metrics and numbers with all of you and then we do it ourselves.
Kent Thiry: Well, first of all, I would like to [indiscernible] slightly. It was two to four quarters to implement all the changes that we end up thinking our proved whether or not that is going to offset exactly or fully or not was and remains an open question. So with that amendment in mind, we would still say that the adjustment process, the operating change process, will take about two to four quarters and we've not yet decided when that begins. But it's either going to be at the end of the year or a bit before the end of the year, and then the clock starts ticking.
Kent Thiry: We're not prepared to answer that. Having said that, we don't want it to be some huge uncertain abyss. We are confident that there are going to be some innovations that will offset some of the cut.
Kent Thiry: Thank you, all for your thoughtfulness and good questions. We will work hard between now and our next call to add some value. Thanks.
Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Overall, the second quarter was characterized by a significant revenue per treatment decline that was partially through solid cost management. Throughout it all, we continue to produce very strong cash flows.  This past quarter, dialysis revenue decreased $9 per treatment from Q1 2010. $5 of the decline was due to a decline in revenue for physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals, primarily a decline to utilization, with about $0.50 due to the previously announced decline in ASP. Remember, a decrease in pharma utilization impacts both revenue and cost, with costs offsetting much of the revenue decline. $2.50 was primarily a decline in mix, somewhat offset by commercial rate increases. The remaining $1.50 in decline, from seasonally high Q1 lab revenue.  The decline in pharma utilization was driven by independent physician prescribing decisions. So this is also showing more conservatism with regard to hemoglobin greater than 12 and/or re-evaluating vitamin D dosing in response to KDOQI. We expect pharmaceutical utilization to continue to decline in the back half of the year.  The mix shift continues a trend that we have been discussing for more than a year now. Our commercial mix now rounds down to 11% of patients. As a reminder, this shift is due to two main factors: One, declining commercial mix of new patients, largely driven by the economy and declining commercial insurance population; two, improved mortality of our patients, which leads to a higher share of our patients on dialysis greater than 30 months.  Dialysis operating expense decreased $5 per treatment sequentially. A majority of the decline was due to the utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. The remainder was primarily due to strong productivity and a decrease in payroll tax from seasonally high Q1 levels.  Non-acquired growth was 4.1%, while total treatment growth was 5.5% year-on-year. We added 23 centers in the quarter through acquisition and certified 18 de novos.  Q2 was a very strong cash flow quarter. Operating cash flow was $296 million, and free cash flow was $250 million. A two-day reduction in DSO to 64 days and the timing of other working capital items contributed to the strong operating cash flow.  Our quarter-end cash balance was $575 million. This reflects the redemption of $200 million of senior notes as previously announced. We spent $91 million in dialysis center acquisitions in the quarter. Additionally, we repurchased $100 million of stock in the quarter. Our priorities for cash remain the same, with our first priority being investment in growth at attractive returns. In fact, we are currently in discussions to do a medium-sized dialysis acquisition.  Finally, as you know, we have significant debt maturities in 2012. We are exploring our options and are likely to execute some form of refinancing within the next three to nine months.  Operator, let's go ahead and open up for Q&A.
Luis Borgen: No. It's going to continue to decline from what we've seen, consistent with that pattern we've seen in the last quarter or so.
Luis Borgen: Sure. The structure will be pretty similar to what we have in place today, term loan A, term loan B with some sort of senior bonds. We may upsize depending on our capital structure needs in terms of acquisitions or share repurchase considerations. But it will be a very similar structure to what we have today. And we do intend, within a three- to nine-month period, to refinance well ahead when we need to. So we're valid in the market opportunities, and we'll tap the market up when the time is right.
Luis Borgen: Now all options are available to us now. One thing that will always be the same as our approach to our clinical performance, independent to the reimbursement format. So that will be handled one way. But as to which reimbursement system we choose, that's subject to some more analysis.
Luis Borgen: Well, the RPT goes up and down within a reasonable level. So there may be changes to some of our commercial rates. The mix has been trending down, and the utilization has been trending down. So I can't quantify exactly how much it'll go up or down. But I think within that range, it's a reasonable starting point.
Luis Borgen: It's a quarterly average. The ending number is right around that level, not materially different than that.
Luis Borgen: What I would add to that is our long stated point of view on what's right for shareholders in terms of our capital structure has been to be between the 3.0 and 3.5 numbers, and that point of view has not changed for a long time. Although at different times, we've been both above it and below it. And so I think that remains the best way for you to think about what we're going to do over the intermediate and longer-term.
Luis Borgen: We could not see the pressure on that line, but just contingency great operational execution by the folks out in the field.
Luis Borgen: The answer to the previous question was 350 million expires at the end of Q3 and the average rate is around 4.3%, regarding swaps.
Luis Borgen: And in part, it was a slow start to acquisitions as we mentioned last quarter. So you sort of, I mean, to look at it on a year-to-date basis.
Luis Borgen: In fact, one of the problem was we didn't know how much those lab test that were proposed to being put into the bundle would cost. That's part of the reason why we commented that we needed a defined list.
