Kent J. Thiry: Thank you, Jim. Solid results in Q4 for both Kidney Care and HCP. We'll start by discussing our clinical outcomes first, as we always do. 176,000 dialysis patients in America, about 35% of the patients in America; 98% with a Kt/V of 1.2 or greater; 73% of patients with fistulas placed for access. And we'd like to talk a little bit about our VillageHealth metrics, where we're at the cutting-edge of integrated care for these kidney care patients, with numbers like the hospitalization rate 26% better than the U.S. ESRD average; our readmission rate 31% better than the U.S. ESRD average; and as low as 5% catheter rates; and our special needs plans, less than half are already industry-leading companywide rate and 70% better than the U.S. ESRD average. These are wonderfully exciting numbers of incredible clinical and economic benefits for society, cannot be scaled until we have a new government program, and we are hopeful in that regard, and then continue to work collaboratively with the government to try to move us there. On the clinical side with respect to healthcare patients and our 830,000 patients there for whom we provide true population health management care individual-by-individual, but also across the entire population, if you look at 2014 HEDIS clinical metrics, California, our largest legacy market, we once again exceeded the Medicare fee-for-service benchmark on all metrics, and we were four or five star across all MA patients on eight of the nine HEDIS metrics that are directly applicable to providers. So the clinical outcomes for both Kidney Care and HealthCare Partners compared very favorably to national averages, which means healthier patients, higher patient satisfaction, and savings to taxpayers. But now back to those solid results. In Kidney Care, that translated into $409 million NOI, and HealthCare Partners $72 million. Jim Hilger will elaborate on the Kidney Care numbers, but I'll just provide a couple of highlights. The biggest good news is that our commercial mix and our rates, both went up a bit. The biggest bad news is that our NAG, our non-acquired growth, went down. The commercial mix number is particularly significant in that it shows that up to this point at least, exchanges are not hurting us as we continue to hold our commercial prices constant for this commercial segment in our mind. And one reason we're able to do that is because more and more payers are paying more and more attention to the total value proposition, which is to say our ability to reduce hospital rates, to reduce cost of care in other areas continues to grow as a factor in determining the prices for the core treatment itself. Now on to HealthCare Partners, solid performance. But there were some one-time favorable and unfavorable items, so you shouldn't actually take the $72 million as the normalized number. Better to think of it as normalized at about $65 million, which is in line with our annual guidance after some of those one-time puts and takes. On the business development front in HealthCare Partners, we are getting better. We have actually added full-time folks in the last few months, the first time since we did the deal. We are not satisfied yet, but we're getting to be pretty darn competitive. We're in some high potential conversations, and our status as the leading independent medical group in America is one that puts us in incredibly good position for some of the high-quality conversations we're having. Separate from thinking about potential transactions, we are sitting at an MA lives numbers that is 8.3% higher than the same time last year. So very nice growth stream underneath those numbers. Moving on to guidance for the balance of 2015 or for the total of 2015 depending on how you want to look at it, our enterprise guidance is now $1.825 billion to $1.925 billion. What this means is we raised the bottom end of Kidney Care guidance by $25 million. It's consisting of Kidney Care being $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion and HCP being $225 million to $275 million. If I were to step back for a moment and just comment on our outlook, we have two strong business positions, both enjoying some steady unit growth, each with reasonably stable economics, although there is always some to-ing and fro-ing, and we are investing significantly for our future in improving our value proposition in ways that others will matter. And then specifically with request to HealthCare Partners, we're continuing to make very good progress in creating a highly differentiated physician experience, a highly differentiated patient experience, and more of a growth capability outside of the historical markets. I'll now turn it over to Jim Hilger.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we hope what they're saying is true. But directionally, we think this kind of additional consolidation of market share is an unambiguous negative. Hopefully for us, because of where we sit with respect to our value proposition on both sides of the house, we can make some lemons out of – make some lemonade out of the lemon. But we worry a lot about what that combination or those combinations can mean for network adequacy and access for consumers as well as rates for consumers. So we have a lot of concern and we'll do the best we can. And hopefully there will be some opportunities created, particularly for us.
Kent J. Thiry: Absolutely. In general, that kind of increased consolidation just leads to more market pricing power and leveraging rate power, which often then if successful doesn't flow through to the consumer, because of the market pricing power. So we hope that it will create market-specific opportunities for us, because we think some of those folks do want to move to a more value-based world. But the dominant, the dominant directional effect is one that is scary both from the rate to consumer side and the leverage over provider side.
Kent J. Thiry: There haven't been any significant developments since the last call, Gary. We still have our hopes for how competitive market forces will unfold in that sphere. But there's been nothing noteworthy that's actually happened yet nor did we expect anything noteworthy to happen within this timeframe. But I don't know if Jim or LeAnne would want to add anything.
Kent J. Thiry: Well certainly, I think my response would just be pretty generic. The more people that come to market, the better, and we'll do everything we can to encourage it as will other people. And at the same time, of course, we have a lot of respect for the clinical efficacy of what we use right now. But certainly the more the merrier, the sooner the better.
Kent J. Thiry: On the spectrum, it was a lot closer to the large size than the small size. And it was a significant account and it went for a price that we would not agree to, and it wasn't that difficult a decision. So it's just important that shareholders know that there is some of those pressures out there, and so you can worry about them at the same time that we are.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me handle the second one first. We're not breaking it out, because it's just a single quarter and there is a fair amount of noise in the data, and so both factors are material. And there's some other stuff that play as well, only we didn't want to break it into four pieces, five pieces, six pieces. And so I think for the quarter, at least we'll just keep it at letting you know what a couple of the bigger drivers were, and that's as much as we can say now, and in each case, that effect may continue. As to the outlook going forward, we hope we can do better than how we did this quarter, but right now we can't guarantee that.
Kent J. Thiry: Unfortunately on that one, it's another answer, we don't know. Certainly there has been a nice trend now for a number of months, that's comforting. But we watch each and every month, their earliest minute we can to see what happened to that number. And at this point, we're not willing to predict that it's going to keep going up, but we sure hope so.
Kent J. Thiry: I think in this case, our operating income guidance, we had never specified exactly what we were presuming on commercial mix. And we're not changing whatever we had in there. So there is no change to our guidance driven by what's happened with mix. And then probably the right way to think about it is the movements we've had on mix to be either consistent with whatever forecast we had or move this up within the range of guidance that we have.
Kent J. Thiry: A very fair question. I think what we like most is investing in growth, in our legacy markets. And that's consistent with what we said we would like a couple of years ago and we continue to like that, that's through organic growth and tuck-in acquisitions and things like that. Second, we really like buying quality medical groups. We're partnering in some serious capacity with major medical groups, like we did in Colorado Springs, and as we are in a few conversations as we speak. So that's probably our second favorite option for growth. And then, third and finally, we still have a lot of excitement around our payer joint venture in Philadelphia with IBC. And for those in general, and for our health system partnerships as we have with Centura in Colorado, but we continue to emphasize that, that is R&D, these are new types of arrangements and will take some time to emerge. So we're positive on them. But at this point, if we had to rank the kind of risk-adjusted, timing-adjusted attractiveness of different segments of growth, we'd put good old legacy markets and partnering with major medical groups at the top.
Kent J. Thiry: On ESCOs, a couple of things. Number one, they haven't started yet. Number two, we don't know when they will start. Number three, we're working very collaboratively with CMS to get the design buttoned up. And the good news is, we and a lot of other people in the community and a growing number of people in CMS are quite positive. But to go any further than that would just be speculating and not a good use of your time.
Kent J. Thiry: And I'm sorry, I may have been talking over you at the beginning telling you that we're going to get revenge for your provoking the question period, but prolonging it.
Kent J. Thiry: But on HCP, we were in some high-potential promising conversations. Having said that, none of them are going to close quickly. If we succeed, it will be a very exciting beginning of our next chapter. But it's not going to happen in the next couple of months. And so I think there's nothing dramatic we can say about what will close or not close this year. All I can say is we are very substantively engaged with some groups that we really like.
Kent J. Thiry: The definition of VillageHealth that we're using now is a broad one, which is to say the number of patients where there's some form of value-based payment. And so using that broad definition, which in its most extreme form is global capitation, and we have a nice chunk of that both in the Kidney Care side and on the HealthCare Partners side. And then down to having some kind of performance bonuses, shared savings arrangements with individual payers or health systems. And so that total number of patients where we're in some form of value-based payment is about 20,000. So it's significantly higher than what it was a few years ago.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, more than half. The, I don't know if we've disclosed the amount of globally capitated ESRD patients we have, but it's probably in the neighborhood of 1,800 or so, which is probably significantly more than anyone else, but that gives you a sense of the mix.
