Kent J. Thiry: Matthew, this is Kent. Thanks for getting on the call. It's pretty broad-based. So there's nothing really that jumps out. There's no dramatic disparity in unit growth or margin enhancement, either through MLR improvement or G&A savings or revenue enhancement. So it's pretty mixed across the portfolio.
Kent J. Thiry: It's certainly health systems bid sometimes breathtaking amounts for these medical groups, but we have been surprised by some of the other players, including some of the health insurance entities and the offers that they have put on the table as well.
Kent J. Thiry: A very fair question, Kevin, and one that we are pretty intense about on the inside. On the Kidney Care front, with that flat Medicare reimbursement that's just a real problem that we've got to get addressed. And then, hopefully, through a new partner or the same partner in a new partnership with ESAs, or getting some integrated care runway, we can start to break out of the current trend. On the HCP side, of course, some of the declines have taken away the Kidney Care gains. And so if we just stop that and get back to a reasonable steady growth on HCP, that together with the normal growth in Kidney Care could start to generate some much more interesting numbers. And then, lastly, international is unfortunately just a couple of years away from being able to really help, although, once it starts helping it could be a long-term big deal.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll go ahead and take that one. We're going to apply the same sort of measured calculus we've always applied looking at the alternative deployments, looking at the different scenarios going forward, looking at interest rates, looking at the stock price. As the CEO, I'm feeling a little sheepish about the fact that we bought back quite a bit when the stock was a fair amount higher than it is today and we would have done more value for – created more value for our long-term shareholders by waiting a little bit as opposed to buying when we were at above historical average EBITDA multiples. So we bring our normal sort of intellectual calculus to it, but certainly we've demonstrated over the last year and certainly many of you were actively engaging and encouraging us too. Certainly, we've demonstrated, as we have at different times in our history, the willingness to going to the market and take some shares out of play.
Kent J. Thiry: What happened is we thought it would be Medicaid of $20 million, it turns out the Medicaid is $8 million. And so when we talked about $58 million, $50 million was that RAF model...
Kent J. Thiry: Right. In 2015, our legacy markets contributed to the profit growth, the OI growth as did our new markets. So both were contributors to our ability to offset the bad stuff that happened in normal medical cost inflation and our big investments. In 2016, we anticipate the same that independent of the rate cuts, that both legacy markets and new markets will do better than they did in 2015.
Kent J. Thiry: It's not because of any particular normal negotiation between us and the payor. It's just because of all the noise in the air with everything going on with exchanges, regulatory ambiguity in those areas, what some of the new payors are going to do in terms of getting in and out of exchanges. So there's just so much going on that we're uneasy, increasingly uneasy, and we thought we should share that.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, Margaret, we knew this question was going to come and dreaded it because it's going to be the answer you hate. It's not going to happen right away. For example, in technology space it'll take a year, one to two years to get a lot of that stuff done. And then the benefit it has does not immediately leap off the P&L. In terms of our next-gen care management and changed management group, that's got some near term upside. When you're managing $4 billion of medical cost, the spending that extra whatever it is, $20 million with some new talents, with some new analytics, and with some new approaches, you can get a pretty good payback on that pretty quickly. But the whole team is so new and the processes we're putting in place are so new that we would just hate to create expectations and then fail. We're very bullish on the impact they're going to have, but it just is not going to be overnight.
Kent J. Thiry: Thank you. On Everett, we would also expect 2017 to be better than 2016. 2016 has some integration expenses. 2016 has some adding talent to take on risk pools. So we have that expense. We have some additional amortization from the deal. We have some special additional expenses that exist for the first year or two years of the deal and then go away. And so we are counting on – we are expecting a nice operating income trajectory at Everett clinic in 2017 versus 2016, and 2018 versus 2017, and 2019 versus 2018. We have high hopes for the significant growth of the business there. And then on Centura, that is a tougher one. We certainly expect it to do better in 2017 than 2016. It really depends on if we get a quality of risk (41:07) contract, what the effective date is, and then how quickly we can make a difference. So that one could stretch out a little bit based on the timing of all that. We're making nice progress, but right now there's nothing locked and loaded.
Kent J. Thiry: Boy (42:28) Gary, this is Kent Thiry. I'll handle that. The difference between a year or two years ago is night and day. This is just huge orders of magnitude, better. So that's the high level answer. The operations have been stabilized. We're in very constructive risk pool conversations with one of the major payors. We're in healthy collaboration discussions with two other significant health systems. The leadership has been stabilized. The management team has been improved. So there hasn't been any – I mean, the numbers are certainly way better than two years, but I'm not wanting to represent this as we're on some stunningly steep trajectory of profit improvement, but all the fundamentals are better, and now we'll see what we can get done in the next couple of years.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think so, Gary. We just don't know much yet. The good news is that through our own internal normal compliance processes we uncovered some issues, and we did the right thing in investigating them. We did the right thing in reporting to the government. We did the right thing in doing some refunds. All of these were small dollar issues, and transactions that were a tiny, tiny percentage of overall transactions. And we kept the OIG up-to-date along the way as to the work we were doing but not completed, and then we send off our formal self-disclosure document. And then it just so happened that very same day that we got the CID from the Department of Justice, and we have no idea if the Department of Justice had any idea that we were already nine months down the track with the OIG.
Kent J. Thiry: No idea. This is – we are eager. I'll be redundant, but we are eager to have a long-term partner and a long-term plan, and we just think there's a lot of opportunity. But getting there we'll take either our current partner deciding they want to create the next generation together, or doing it with someone else, in which case the implementation of course would have to wait. But the reason we're talking about it more is people are getting more serious because it's just not that far away anymore, and $800 million a year and growing is a lot to play with.
Kent J. Thiry: I personally don't think it makes much sense for us to start talking about individual biosimilars and what exactly is going on. And so LeAnne, I don't know if there's anything you'd like to get out on the table. Anything I do would just be repeating publicly known information.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Like you observed, we don't have any idea what they're going to do, and we do believe that currently in Medicare Advantage the sickest people we get under reimbursed for, and the healthiest people they over reimburse for. And for people like us, who are not insurance companies, and we want to keep the patients we have, we do keep them, we can't really determine which new ones come to us, the current reality works to our disadvantage. And then with respect to duals in particular, while we have a bunch, it's impossible to say whether we would benefit materially or not until you know whatever the heck they would do.
Kent J. Thiry: It's just too soon. But we can tell you that we've been in a globally capitated pilot with CMS for seven years, eight years now, and it's pretty significant. There's 800 patients there or so. And then we have another 800, 900 globally capitated patients within our HealthCare Partners universe. And in general, and in particular on the Kidney Care side where the C-SNP plan, special needs plan, is focused just on these Kidney Care patients, it's spectacular. The patients get extra services. The doctors have extra support. The referring doctors get better information. The nurses get to provide coordinated care. The patient and family gets support at home. So I can tell you in our mature other where we're globally capitated, it's a spectacular, beautiful, transparent victory.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, is the short answer. I'm not going to get the mix right, but if you ask on Capital Markets Day we'll have it. And Jim Rechtin is not here right now, but I'd say a healthy percentage of our renewals end up with a new agreement where our interests are much more aligned. And that's been true every year. It's a big shift from what existed before. And the same statement is true with respect to health systems in hospitals where a very solid percentage of our new contracts there create a lot more alignment than the old ones which were so zero-sum. So I would say, it's steady progress, nothing dramatic. But it's really healthy in reducing downside risk, and over the long-term will create some shared upside.
Kent J. Thiry: Boy, I don't remember what our historical policy has been. It has certainly grown. It is making some money, it's not losing money anymore. And I'm going to have to turn to Jim Gustafson so I don't violate any policy. Go ahead, Jim.
Kent J. Thiry: I'd say the softest performance from a profit point of view, I mean, my mind is racing as to how much I should disclose.
Kent J. Thiry: We've had some profit problems in Colombia. That probably sticks out as one of the softest. In Saudi, we've been growing a little bit behind plan, but the microeconomics appear to be solid. And I think beyond that, I'd have to get into so many nuances. In China, we still put in the R&D category where we're very steadily consistently investing to look for the winning formula. And we don't have it yet, but we're not discouraged. We've got some stuff that's working there, and we have some stuff that's not working, and that's kind of the hit rate we expected. India, we know, is a long haul kind of thing, an immense market. But we're not ever going to start doing anything big there quickly because the microeconomics are just too tiny. So there's a little bit of flavor across three or four, and I'm probably giving Jim Gustafson a heart attack by providing all this.
Kent J. Thiry: In New York, we're going to nail down the location. There's a lot to talk about. We look forward to going into more detail. We're going to have a longer general session that we normally do so that we hopefully give you a very comprehensive and analytically thoughtful not only reiteration of our strategy but our progress and the right kind of leading indicators to stare at. So we're looking forward to a real high intensity extended exchange, and we'll do our best in between now and then to get through 2016, and start growing again in 2017. Thank you very much.
