Luis Borgen: Thanks, Kent. Overall, the third quarter wasn't one with our previously stated expectations. Despite a continued decline in our commercial mix, we're able to achieve solid operating results in Q3 through growth in revenue per treatment and continued strong cost management. Through this all, our capitals have remained strong this year. This past quarter, dialysis revenue increased $4 per treatment from Q2 2010. This was due to improvement in commercial rates, an increase in Medicare ASP reimbursement for pharmaceuticals and seasonal flu shot administrations. This was partially offset by lower utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and the continued decline in commercial mix. Non-acquired growth of 3.7% was adversely impacted by the calendar as the third quarter of 2010 started and ended on a Thursday and approximately 60% of our insider patients dialyzed on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. When normalized for the calendar, our non-acquired growth in the quarter was 4.1%. Dialysis operating expense was up $0.77 a treatment as normal operating cost increases were largely offset by solid cost controls and decline in utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. G&A was up this quarter due to investment in growth opportunities including international, legal costs associated responding to the recent DOJ subpoena and the timing of certain other expenses. Keep in mind that Q2 G&A was a bit below our normal run rate. The Q3 G&A per treatment run rate is a better reflection of expected spending levels going forward. In the third quarter, we saw an increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. Next quarter, we expect this to moderate somewhat, but it will remain higher than it has been in previous quarters. Our effective tax rate attributable to DaVita was lower this quarter due to FIN 48 adjustments. We expect our effective tax rate to be around 39.5% for the year. Cash flows remain strong. Year-to-date, we have generated $719 million in operating cash flows and $561 million in free cash flow. We are increasing operating cash flow guidance to be in the range of $800 million to $875 million. This increased forecast is based on lower expected 2010 tax payments due to the bonus depreciation tax provision suspended on September 27. For all the same reasons that we cannot give operating income guidance for 2011, we are not providing cash flow guidance for 2011. Still, you should not expect the same bump in OCF [operating cash flow] next year that we have gotten this year as 2010 benefited from some one-time working capital items, including $60 million in bonus depreciation and a five-day reduction in DSO. Looking ahead to 2011, we expect to invest at least $15 million in operating losses and to put at least $30 million of capital to work in international markets. If opportunities warrant, we may invest more. Finally, on October 20, we completed our refinancing, raising $4.5 billion in debt. After transaction costs and the repayment of a previous debt, we netted approximately $825 million to add to that cash already on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. Following this refinancing, we expect debt expense to be $53 million to $55 million in the fourth quarter and $230 million to $240 million in 2011, depending on what hedges we may implement on our floating rate debt. In the fourth quarter, we expect $65 million to $75 million in one-time charges associated with the retirement of our old debt and the issuance of new debt. We will call these items out separately when we report the fourth quarter. For more details on the debt refinancings, please refer to Note 2 of our third quarter earnings release. How do we plan to deploy this cash? First, we hope to use some of the proceeds for acquisitions and other growth investments. Additionally, we may continue to do share repurchases over time. In fact, over the past six weeks, we have used $400 million to acquire approximately 5.7 million shares of our outstanding equity. Operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Luis Borgen: Sure, there are two primary reasons. The first is improved performance on our joint venture centers. And second, the certain timing of our fairly [ph] credit rated write-ons at the JV level. Going forward, we expect it to moderate somewhat but be higher than Q2.
Luis Borgen: Possibly the midpoint of that, given or take, about a few million dollars. So that would be a reasonable expectation.
Luis Borgen: On the positive side, we had an improvement in commercial rates, increase in Medicare ASP for pharma and seasonal flu shots. But that was offset by continued decline in our mix and lower utilization of pharmaceuticals.
Luis Borgen: No. The answer is yes. The $15 million figure we gave as an estimate includes G&A. However, that number could fluctuate, as you said, up or down depending on the opportunity.
Luis Borgen: Well, like as we said, the market was very attractive, so we decided to raise that amount of money to provide sufficient flexibility for us to redeploy that cash for growth opportunities, acquisitions and share repurchases.
Luis Borgen: Whatever changes flexibility is, like I repeat, the market was very attractive, and we wanted to minimize the refinancing risk going forward. It was an opportune time. We took as much in to retain ability to support our business and secure the capital structure for us over the next several years.
Luis Borgen: The answer to your first question was a small marginal improvement, and we expect to be Q4 to be less than the Q3.
Luis Borgen: This is Luis. I like to make an additional specific answer to the question as to when we could be back in the open market. The answer is Tuesday, November 9, just to be more specific.
Kent Thiry: I appreciate that question, Jeff. And because of the stage we're at, which is very early exploration of different parts of the globe, it's impossible for us to provide more guidance because we're still evaluating. So we're just so early stage. It was important and necessary that we give you the heads-up, but we can't go much further because we aren't much further.
Kent Thiry: I have to amend that partially, Justin. It's a reflection of the fact that we're comfortable we're going to be able to operate with our historic level of confidence in the new bundling environment. As to whether or not we're going to be able to grow earnings, in using the exact wording that you did, again, we're not able to provide any guidance on 2011 yet. But as to our ability to adjust to and operate competently within the new reimbursement scheme, while it's going to take a lot of work and I'm sure we'll hit some speed bumps, we're feeling like we can handle that at the same time that we explore stuff overseas.
Kent Thiry: Justin, very fair question, and I just don't think we can go much further than we have. And probably the best indicator, as always, is to look at our practices over the last 11 years because we revisit this question virtually every week, every month, every quarter, every year. And in the near term, for example, whether or not or how much stock we buy back would be dramatically affected by whether or not we buy something. And so it's just so difficult for us to go further, because there's so much risk that what we would tell you would turn out not to be true. So I think we have two stick with what we've said about our long-term assessment and stop there.
Kent Thiry: No, it's a very fair question. We've not thought about it that way. And so the answer to the narrowed question you've asked is no.
Kent Thiry: Very fair question, and of course the answer will differ by center. And so in some cases, we think we can adjust pretty quickly. In other cases, we may never adjust because some of the decisions aren't ours. And so the answer's all over the map, both figuratively and literally.
Kent Thiry: It would be premature to comment. We're just so early stage. We, of course, generically like the ones that have enough scale, that have what appear to be attractive margins and have nice growth characteristics and are still fragmented in terms of ownership. So if you want to think of a shortlist of criteria, that's a pretty good start. And then you overlay on that all the clinical, contextual stuff for being able to assess the stability and sustainability of the first four items. So that's probably as far as we can prudently go because that's where we are.
Kent Thiry: Yes, the answer will be country-specific. In some countries, if we decide to start doing stuff there, it will be with a local partner. In other countries, if we go, we'll go it alone.
Kent Thiry: The $15 million was all international. And as Luis pointed out, there's some -- could be quite a bit of movement there depending on, ironically, how positive we're feeling and how fast we're moving, that number could get bigger. But it's difficult to see it being any smaller just because it costs a certain amount of money to start to check these things out and put more than your toe in the water. So that number was all international. As to the strategic initiatives in general, what we've always said and continues to be true, is that you should always expect the fact that we might have some losses in that category because we're always going to do some R&D. Right now, however, we had a break-even quarter because of the makeup of that portfolio. We've got things like our home infusion company and vascular access centers that make money. We've got DaVita Rx specialty pharmacy that's a little bit of a breakeven, which is awfully nice and we referred to that before. And then we have our disease management operations, which still consume a bunch of profit. So that's a quick summary of what's going on within that portfolio. And so that number will continue to bounce back and forth a little bit separate from international.
Kent Thiry: Well, certainly, we've thought about it for a long time and consistently came up with the answer not to pursue it. So in that sense, several years. The thinking about it was a positive bias thinking. It was a good idea. It's probably the last 18 months or so. Is that responsive, or do you want -- and maybe ask a follow-on and I can be more useful.
Kent Thiry: There are a bunch of people in CMS and elsewhere who do give a definitive answer to that question, and that answer is it has to be legislative, legislatively directed. There are some people in that agency and one of the others who aren't totally definitive at this time.
Kent Thiry: Yes, we just can't go there. There's too many variables. You've brought up several of them in your usually thoughtful way, and so it's just not possible. And I do want to add one amendment or attachment to LeAnne's answer and that is, well, we think it should not score the CBO [Congressional Budget Office] has not taken a position. And so we have a fear that they may incorrectly, in our mind, although we're not widely regarded as an expert on these topics by them, we have a fear that they would score it. And that would be a big problem as you know. So we're neither optimistic nor pessimistic, and anybody who is optimistic or pessimistic should probably not be listened to.
Kent Thiry: I'm sorry, Andreas, but we can't do that. That's why we're placing such emphasis on this distinction between the longer term versus the near/intermediate term.
Kent Thiry: Well, there aren't many things of size to do in that whole sphere, and of course, that's part of the attractiveness of the idea that fragmentation and where we'd be entering with respect to the growth curve. But if there are some, then we would certainly be open to it. Part of the rest of that reality is given it is a growth market in the globe as you look out the next 20 years. Anything of any significance would want a higher multiple versus a lower multiple because they would claim that they're a part of this long-term growth wave. And from our point of view, we would not be interested in a lot of the high multiple stuff. So the answer to your original question is we're open to both. The pragmatic reality is that we'll probably be doing this more on the measured end of the spectrum than anything else. Measured end of the spectrum still involves some of the P&L hit that we characterized, but in terms of moving towards having a scale position, that's most likely going to take a while. Is that a good enough answer or...
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think the sort of intellectual rationalization answer would be that the international markets have got to sort of an inflection point. And the weighted average added to the government's. And how to think about privatization and outsourcing has reached an inflection point, and that therefore, the answer was different now than before. So add that to the intellectually legitimate answer, and there's truth in it. I think the primary answer is that I got it wrong before, and so it probably would've been better for us to have started doing this earlier than we are.
Kent Thiry: Let me take a stab at it and then LeAnne will correct me if I get it wrong. The legislation required, of course, if they get the bundle going. As part of getting the bundle going, they had to make some guess, some estimate of who is going to opt in 100% and who is going to transition in gradually. And then, the way they were thinking about it is that, "Okay, if the guess is wrong, we'll get all the answers to some people. We'll implement the bundle. And then, a year later, we'll take a look and make an adjustment if appropriate." And it has turned out, it appears, that their answer, their guess is way, way off. And so our argument is that, we were thinking about it in a sense of a way, if your guess was close, but you're way, way, way off, not because you were foolish, at all, it's just the way life has evolved. And therefore, we want you to change your plans and do it very quickly. And some of them are saying that the way the language is written, they don't -- some of them are saying they can't, some are saying they don't have to, and they just assume weight anyway. Now LeAnne, why don't you amend if appropriate.
Kent Thiry: Yes, a great question. The optimistic in the industry say it's just a matter of timing. The non-optimistic, and I'm in the latter camp, say that whenever you wait 15 months for them to recalculate a number, that there is huge risk about how that calculation might be done and what other factors might influence what they do with it. And so it is not a case in my mind that it is safe to just assume, "Oh, the downside is we have to wait 15 months." I think that would be naive. But in the spirit of full disclosure, there are some people outside of DaVita would probably say, oh, the worst case is waiting 15 months, which, by the way, as you know, is no small amount of money. But the net present value is dramatically different than permanent. So that's the complete answer, and we think it's incredibly important that we work hard to try to get them to change it quickly. Then we run into what you brought up before, which is A, a lot of people in CMS either think they can't or don't want to and don't have to; and B, this is not the best time in the world to ask Congress to pay attention that to dialysis.
Kent Thiry: Got it. Right now, holding, of course, clinical outcomes constant, there's no clear motivation to do anything differently with respect to modality.
Kent Thiry: I don't think we want to get into starting to report it month-by-month. So I think we'll just stick with this eight-quarter trend, and we gave you some data on the trend within the trend. And we better just stick with that than rather start talking about it every other day. Although we do talk about it every other day, I don't think we want to put you through that torture.
Kent Thiry: Well, let me take a first stab at that, because it's certainly a logical statement and is certainly merit to the statement. But in the end and any point in time, when we have a bunch of cash or leverage capacity within the context of our historical comfort zone, we only have a few choices, which is to sit on the cash and buy back stock, buy dialysis assets or pay down debt. So it's always a relative -- an issue of relative attractiveness. And therefore, you've got to be careful before you go too far in taking what's chosen and extrapolating that out in terms of absolute attractiveness. And we feel very good about every decision we've made along these lines in the last few months. But that's in the context of our alternatives.
Kent Thiry: And so let me take a step back just for a second since a number of people have been asking appropriately about the transition adjustments, since it's a very big $75 million number and why we think people should not just be thinking it's guaranteed 12, 14 months now. If you read the language in intense detail and look at empirical decision patterns by CMS, even if one concludes that the budget neutrality phrase applies to that calculation 15 months from now. It is not clear what all gets to be taken into account including the late 2010 or early 2011 actual empirical experience about what's going on within dialysis. And so it is not as black and white as some people would like to think it is, once you start ripping apart the actual paragraphs.
Kent Thiry: It feels bad, but we just can't give any sort of quantified answer. It's just way too much uncertainty, so hopefully, pretty soon, we'll be able to start putting a box around it. But right now, it just would be foolish to do so.
Kent Thiry: That would probably be a hope as opposed to a plan. If things went really well, then maybe it could be. Of course, a big part of that is what you presume for the business in the U.S. And our hope is that the business in the U.S. continues to do well enough so that it's very difficult for international to achieve that in five years, no matter what kind of choppiness we experience in the next 18 to 24 months.
Kent Thiry: No, it's pretty dynamic now. There's never been a time in the last 10 years where there's such dramatic differences from our experience in what's going on market-by-market, what's going on in -- give me the easy examples. What's going on in Detroit with wages versus what's going on in North Dakota where they've got oil. So we've never had a world where there's such significant differences across our 1,500 centers in terms of what's a competitive wage and salary. The one clear thing, 2011 versus '10, is that healthcare service in general is going to be giving some serious merit increases, and in our case, they're definitely going to be larger on average than they were in 2010. Hence, our comments because it's a good thing for our people and it'll keep our clinical outcomes strong. But from a year-over-year point of view, it is unambiguously going to be a material increase in expenses.
Kent Thiry: The short answer is no. We remain open to it. If they fit with our core competencies, you can tell from our historic behavior that we're not quick to pull the trigger on things, and we don't go off and place huge bets in uncertain territory. And maybe that's a slightly inaccurate answer. Maybe we have a bit more interest now than we did five years ago, but at the same time, that gets immediately tempered by the burdens created through our pursuit of international stuff. And so it could be we just don't really have any management capacity to look at other things in the U.S.
Kent Thiry: Yes, in the sense that we take healthcare reform, depending on how it emerges once they write the regs [regulations], is going to create some new business opportunities. And we think they're going to be our type of opportunities, meaning, they're going to be opportunities where you can simultaneously reduce cost and improve quality, and just bring a higher level of coherence and value added to the American healthcare system. That ain't going to happen in the next 12 months. But at a high level, healthcare reform, once they write the regs, and if they write them well, should create business opportunities and the kind of them that we like. And so hopefully, three years from now, we can pounce on something that you will like a lot.
Kent Thiry: We've given a lot of thought to it over the years, and we've always come down very, very quickly and cleanly on the side of we're a service company. And it's scary for us to contemplate actually making things.
Kent Thiry: Andreas, you're one of the people who's asking questions about the transition adjustment that I would recommend that no one paid any attention to my reading of the language and encourage you to go check it out yourself. And then, you can look at it, and look at the, frankly, deficit situation next year, and then, you end up deciding for yourself if you want to be in the optimistic category or the non-optimistic category. But that's the best close rather than relying on any of my interpretations of the technical language.
Kent Thiry: I think there's some definitional issues, which you can explore with the large peer. As to our numbers, we don't have a great sense of sort of causality so that we can any -- in one quarter link it to macroeconomic issues directly. So some of these stuff is certainly accumulative. Some of it has to do, perhaps, as we were outnumbered by is the rate underemployment as opposed to employment. And then, somewhat has to do with just what employers are doing with healthcare coverage even with the people that are employed were suddenly their burdens that are passed on to the employees become so great that more people drop. So it could have to do with underemployment, it could have to do with increasing cost and there's the laying off of the burden. Those are two of the very rational hypotheses about why a drop-off would continue to happen even if unemployment nationally is constant.
Kent Thiry: Well, what I would do is even though things have -- what I was going to say at first is, we know it's down to about 208 basis points over eight quarters. And so we kind of do the math and extrapolate, so that's one answer. The problem with that answer is the rate of decline has accelerated recently, and so that might be excessively conservative. And then of course, the third thing is of course, this is heavily affected by the American economy. And so you end up saying, "Extrapolating from the past may not be so smart, rather, just look at what's going on with average wages, typical healthcare coverage and unemployment, underemployment in America. And that's probably a better way to do it than thinking about an extrapolation formula from the past."
Kent Thiry: Our definition has been exactly the same all eight quarters. And it does not include Medicare-assigned, Medicare Advantage.
Kent Thiry: We know from talking to some providers, they sometimes include the As, sometimes don't. Some other people include Medicare Advantage, sometimes don't. And there's other state programs. Then there's how you handle Medicaid HMOs. So there's a bunch of those categories. And we know that some other providers lump things together that we don't, and that could explain some of the differences. Obviously, also, there might be something else explaining the difference, the geographic issues or people may have better or worse ideas than we have on this subject. And maybe over- or underperforming us but as for the calculation itself, our definition has not changed through the eight quarters.
Kent Thiry: Yes. Certainly, we will give it serious consideration, as we have. And of course, the serious consideration that we give to it has been reflected in our transparency in this subject itself in each of the recent quarterly calls.
Kent Thiry: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time and attention, and we will do our best in between now and our next call. Thank you.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: Kent, I'm going to try and ask the question that's been asked a couple of times in terms of what you're going to do with some of your cash in a slightly different way, and you'll excuse me in advance if it comes out as very blunt. You did a great recap, and that's wonderful. And it's great that you, as a management team, have taken advantage of the capital market to do that. What's not so great from an equity investors point of view is that if I'm doing my numbers right, the recap overfunding, even with the share repurchases you've already completed, is dilutive to equity investors, which is very much against your track record in terms of things you've done. I'm wondering if we can get you to make some sort of comment or commitment to sort of say that you're going to be at least deploying enough capital to make sure that the recap is effectively neutral to your equity investors in some sort of reasonable time frame.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then finally, I'm just sort of curious, can you provide some color as to sort of why certain people within CMS believe that takes legislation? What's the logic behind that? Because I would think that the legislation is that the entire thing has to be budget-neutral and without a change to the transition fee, they'll probably come in under budget, so to speak.
Andreas Dirnagl - Stephens Inc.: And then, I don't want to necessarily put him on the spot, but I want to make sure I heard it correctly. I think it was Jim that sort of piped up in the background with the answer of one of the previous question. When it comes to this capital that you've raised and the capital that you have or the cash that you have on the balance sheet, I guess is it fair, at least, to characterize it then as your expectation is that you want to deploy that capital, and it's just a question of how and timing. It's not a question that you want to sit on that cash. Because there was a period of time going into the bundle where you said because of the uncertainties you were building your cash balance.
