Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and thank you, everyone, for joining on our call. We will start as we always do with our clinical performance, and then I will return before Q&A. Within the DaVita Medical Group, we mentioned during our Q2 call that we outperformed in clinical quality compared to the same period in the prior year. Our strong performance has continued and we remain on track to achieve four stars or greater for our patients within each of our major health plan relationships. Within Kidney Care, we continue to focus on vascular access, where strong performance significantly improved survival and prevents unnecessary hospitalizations. The publically reported government data released just this October shows that we've significantly outperformed the industry in this important clinical area. Lets now move on to the non-clinical subjects, and I'll turn it over to Javier Rodriguez.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Thanks, Justin. I would not say that the reason we chose to buyback was because of any particularly distinctive level of confidence and what exactly the outcome was going to be. And certainly, if we could do it over again, we would've preferred to have waited than be buying back more now. But awfully difficult to predict things. A lot of different variables, not only with respect to the issues you mentioned, but other issues, both threats and opportunities. And, nonetheless, I would not say that we said, gosh, there is some distinctive near-term downside and we're going to go ahead and buy anyway. I wouldn't make that claim.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Fair question. I would say that at the time we did the last Capital Markets, we incorporated all variables, although that was a three-year outlook. When we refreshed our Capital Markets' outlook at the next one, it will once again incorporate everything. And while some of the stuff that you're citing is most likely not going to be economically material within the near-term, perhaps we should, for the first time in a long time, take a cut at sort of the four-year to seven-year timeframe and stare at some of the upsides and downsides, the puts and takes, not only on mix, but on cost structure, et cetera, also modality mix and some other things that can have a big impact on cash flow and return on capital. So we don't have anything distinctively thoughtful to say to you today from an analytical point of view, but that's probably a good assignment for the next Capital Markets.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Right now, I would say if you wanted to weight the probabilities between the low end, middle and top, you would find the probabilities skewed to the low-end. But it's not by a huge amount. And then, in addition of course unit volume is for us in many ways of secondary importance, with commercial mix and the nature of commercial mix of primary importance. And that number has got a lot of dynamism to it right now, as you well know. And so, at this point, we're not revising that guidance. But we do look forward to a very intense analytical discussion at the next Capital Markets about the next generation of three-year outlook.
Kent J. Thiry: Our guess is that our trajectory of commercial mix is quite similar to others, and we have not experienced any example of someone in our mind foolishly seeking to gain share through price reductions in an industry of almost pure variable cost, very sticky volume, and high likelihood of economic retaliation. So we haven't seen any of that go on. And so, our guess is that competitor performance is comparable.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Over the long-term, you should see a positive correlation. Right now, in some cases, we were understaffed with physicians; and by adding them, we actually think we can reduce our MLR at a quantity that exceeds the incremental costs that we're adding. In other cases, we're adding because we're doing some de novos and other work where we think by adding physician capacity we're going to get more lives. It's just that there is some lag time. So we're very sensitive to the fact that at a time when the revenue trajectory is what it is, our physician recruiting is ramping up. But the good news is that shows what an attractive place we are for physicians, that our hit rate and recruiting is very high. The concerning news for you is we're adding to cost at a time when revenues aren't going up at the same trajectory. And so, we hear you; and over time you should see the positive correlation you expect.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. Unfortunately, I don't think we're good enough yet to give you an empirical answer for that. And so, I won't hazard a guess. Suffice it to say, we know you'll be watching each quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: I think at this point, we've decided that disclosing that is not in your best interests, although we'll continue to stare at that each quarter, but that's our current thinking. Of course, we incorporate all variables into our forecasts, but sometimes some of these swing factors are difficult to calibrate.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. I appreciate you bringing it up, because we certainly heard the concern. And on this, the very explicit references by CMS to how it is legal are multiple and really clear. And the RFI referred to a part of the statutes that didn't apply to the subject at hand, so was literally not germane to the critical questions that you and others are worried about. And so, we have continued to point to the very explicit language supporting our position. We have been in meetings with senior CMS officials and referred to the fact that it's very clearly legal, and have never run into a single objection from anyone.
Kent J. Thiry: Gary, let me add one other thing, Gary, that might help clear it up. It is the case that Medicaid patients cannot have federal subsidies. And so, it's not that there aren't some rules that apply, but it is very clear that there was a conscious decision made to allow Medicaid patients to make the choices that we made available to them. And I'll even add one other element. Back when the Affordable Care Act was being rolled out, we were encouraged by the administration to promote exchange products. We were even asked to put up signs in our centers promoting the ACA plans. Now, of course, it's four years later and a lot of things have changed, but that's the actual historical context.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. I know we didn't calculate that number prior to the call, why don't – the people around the table here will see if we can and should generate that and share it before the call is over, but we don't have it at our finger tips.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll take a first stab, and then other people may want to add on. First of all, we dedicated a huge amount of time in developing materials and training our people, and so that historic discipline of presenting objectively was on steroids for this process. And we present very complete information that encompasses premiums, deductibles, co-pays, out-of-pocket stuff, potential federal tax credits, potential charitable premium assistance, individual versus family, high income versus low. And so, we're thorough and it's presented to the patients in ways that leaves most of them exceptionally grateful for the help and the clarity; and then, they chose. So one can never say that theoretically you couldn't have a patient chose something that was foolish. I'm sure, out of 2,000 patients there were some, but we have to respect the fact that it's their choice. In general, however, just as we've seen in the exchanges over the last three years or four years, the average patient demonstrates a lot of economic common sense in how they move around between different products, particularly when they're helped.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first of all, on mitigation, we'll be able to do a good job on that the next quarterly call if we're in the scenario where that's the topic of the day. Separate from that, and then someone else may want to add, I mean on the plus side we have a wonderful recurring unit growth. We have the potential accelerator of continued Medicare Advantage growth. On the cost structure side, we have the opportunities in the ESA area. And on the capital deployment side, we have the opportunity for more small operators feeling a need to get out of this evermore complicated and challenging business. On the headwind side, I think, we've laid them out with painful detail already, and so I won't list them again.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. We hear you. The answer right now would be fairly generic. I mean, in a world where we would suffer some serious revenue compression we would do what any responsible business person should do, and very systematically go through every line item on the P&L and every aspect of cash in and cash out. And we would enter into that process with the expectation that we would find some savings in the P&L side, and we would find some reductions on the CapEx side. And at the same time, we haven't quantified those, but we certainly do have some serious ranges of discretion.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. That's correct. We'll be providing guidance on 2017 in the next quarterly call for U.S. Kidney Care.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me take a little bit of a stab here, Justin, but I'm not sure if we're going to be able to give you what you want. In total, there is kind of three buckets. There is the Medicaid bucket, which of course is getting a huge amount of attention and discussion. Then there are the uninsured, but that label is kind of misleading, because a very significant number of them came from state high-risk plans that shut down as part of the Affordable Care Act. So while they didn't have classic insurance, they were funded. And they were typically funded at rates more like commercial than Medicare or Medicaid. And so, for the system, there is no increase in cost from their emergence in the second bucket of ACA plans. And then the third bucket, which is substantial, our people who are on private plans before ACA existed, they had individual health insurance plans. And once ACA was there, they switched over. And so, these are people who've been buying insurance in the same way that everyone on this call buys insurance, only they're doing it individually as opposed to their employer. So those are the three buckets. And then within that second bucket, there are some subsets. But at some point, continued parsing and get to pretty small numbers.
Kent J. Thiry: Right. He's specifically asking – yeah. I hear you, Justin. You're specifically asking about that three-month waiting period and is there anybody...
Kent J. Thiry: ...is anything going on there. I think, Justin, we'll have to get back to you and the rest of the shareholders on that because that's not a question that I've heard asked and answered.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you very much. And thanks, everyone, for your sustained interest. And we'll look forward to talking to you on all these topics in 90 days. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Since we spoke last, a lot has happened. I will cover three topics. Number one, Monday's announcement; number two, our Q3 Kidney Care performance; and number three, our outlook. So let's get started. We hope that the release on Monday was helpful. I won't be repetitive here, but we've had a lot of questions. So let me take some. And if I miss them, please bring them up in Q&A. As a forewarning, I'll go into some technical detail because the subject matter requires it. First, why did we announce the decision on Monday, only two days before our earning call? It's a simple answer. This is open enrollment. It started yesterday, and we needed to provide clarity to our patients and our teammates. Second, is this is a permanent change in policy? No, we have only temporarily suspended support for applications to the American Kidney Fund for patients enrolled in minimum essential Medicaid coverage. When CMS provides guidance, which we expect will be within a couple of weeks, we will evaluate our future policy. Third, does our announcement signify a concern over our historical practices? No. Our historical practices were legal and compliant. That said, the language in the RFI may confuse some. So I thought it would be useful to clarify further. The RFI had primarily three concerns. One, whether patients enrolled in Medicare purchased an ACA plan that was duplicative in coverage. None of our patients who were enrolled in Medicare enrolled in the ACA plan. The regulation cited in the RFI, which referred to Medicare Supplemental Plan, is not germane to the ACA plan. Number two, whether patients lost their Medicaid coverage as a result of purchasing an ACA plan and, therefore, were exposed to additional costs. Our patients did not lose their Medicaid coverage as a result of purchasing an ACA plan and, as a result, were not exposed to additional costs. Consistent with CMS own education materials, we educated our patients on the ability to purchase an ACA plan while retaining Medicaid coverage as a secondary. These patients did not apply for tax credits and subsidies. And three, whether patients experienced a disruption in continuative care as a result of purchasing an ACA plan. Just a small portion of our Medicaid patients made the choice to purchase an ACA plan. And they did so for their own personal reasons, such as to have access to specialists who do not accept Medicaid, or increased chance of qualifying for transplantation or other reasons. We're not aware of any patient experiencing a disruption in care, likely because those patients who would have had such a disruption made the choice not to enroll in an ACA plan. Lastly, there have been some questions around comparing our disclosure of 5,000 patients versus public information from other providers. I believe that the confusion is around some definitions. When we refer to individual market plans, or ACA plans, we refer to the full universe of individual plans, whether they're sold on or off the government-run exchanges. A distinction between these types of plans is not relevant, because both affect the same risk pools and are generally subject to the same regulations. If you're trying to compare to other providers, it is important to clarify definitions to ensure that the comparison is an apple-to-apples one. Now, let's discuss our Q3 performance. Overall, DaVita Kidney Care had a solid quarter. We delivered adjusted operating income of $439 million. For U.S. dialysis, our normalized non-acquired growth for quarter was 4.4%, which falls within our long-term target range of 3.5% to 4.5%. While we're on the topic of volume, we want to share that we signed an amendment to the agreement of Renal Ventures to acquire 100% interest in their dialysis centers for $360 million, which is $55 million less than previously announced purchase price. We expect the transaction will close in the first quarter of 2017. Our revenue per treatment was up sequentially by $1.72 per treatment, primarily driven by an increase in seasonal administration of flu vaccine. Our patient care cost per treatment were up versus Q2 by $2.41 per treatment, driven by two primary factors: approximately 60% by an increase in labor and benefits costs; and 40% by an increase in facility cost. We've seen a tightening in labor markets leading to some increase in our labor costs. In the near term, we may see these labor costs remain at higher levels. We expect that our facility cost to come down over the next couple of quarters. Now, on to our outlook. Since we have now visibility to the end of the year, we're updating our 2016 adjusted operating income guidance for Kidney Care to be in the range of $1.695 billion to $1.725 billion. We'll provide you with 2017 guidance on our Q4 earnings call, when we expect to have additional clarity on several variables, including open enrollment and policy changes from CMS. Now, I'll turn the call to Vijay Kotte for DMG.
Javier J. Rodriguez: And, Chris, this is Javier. I'll just add one important point is that they never lose their Medicaid. Medicaid was in a secondary position. So the patients actually didn't incur additional costs.
Javier J. Rodriguez: John, thank you. This is Javier. First of all, I would like to highlight that the numbers are small. But, of course, regardless of the size of the numbers, we take each and everyone very seriously. We did some huge, huge oversight here. We had to train a lot of people in a very short amount of time. And so, we had heavy oversight and for a small number of people, they might have experienced that as negative. What we do is, of course, if we have any concerns, we give it to a third-party, we give it to our compliance department and they looking to it, and we rectify if there are any mistakes. But the bulk of what we've looked into has now materialized. And actually, when we've gone into some sessions, we've literally asked for evidence to be provided of our wrongdoing and – alleged wrongdoing and we've never have been given any specifics, because, of course, we would want to correct any mistakes if they were brought to our attention.
Javier J. Rodriguez: No. It was something else. There is a part of the transaction that was contemplated at the beginning. And after further dialogue, we are not going to acquire their infusion business. So that's why the price was changed.
Javier J. Rodriguez: No. There is some chance of Q4. But if you were betting, I would probably go with Q1, because there is some regulatory stuff going on. So I think Q1 is...
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. On the implied revenue per treatment, you're about right. And, of course, there is discrepancies geographically, and by payer, and product mix, et cetera. But yes, you are in the ZIP code.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Vijay. I'll first address our international operations. Our international operating income was $368 million in the quarter, which includes the gain on the deconsolidation of the APAC JV of $374 million. We're on track to meet our guidance for approximately $40 million in adjusted losses for 2016. Our JV transaction with Khazanah and Mitsui closed on August 1st. As you will recall, Khazanah and Mitsui have each subscribed to acquire 20% share of ownership of the joint venture. At closing, each partner made their first investment tranche of $50 million in return for a 6.7% ownership in the joint venture. This joint venture has been deconsolidated from our financials. Going forward, our pro rata share of its operating income will run through equity investment income in our income statement. As a result of this deconsolidation, we recorded a one-time non-cash gain of $374 million. We are excluding this gain when reporting our adjusted non-GAAP financial results and excluding it from our adjusted operating guidance for 2016. We look forward to continuing our growth in Asia Pacific dialysis with the help of our new partners. Next, I'd like to talk about a few tax items. In the third quarter, we recorded an adjustment related to tax assets created through the DMG acquisition escrow provisions. This adjustment resulted in a $27 million increase in corporate G&A expense that was offset by an equal reduction in income tax expense, and thus created no change in net earnings or earnings per share. We do not expect any ongoing impact from this adjustment. Excluding this escrow provision tax adjustment and excluding the gain from the formation of the APAC dialysis joint venture, our tax rate attributable to DaVita was 40% in the quarter and 39% year-to-date. We expect our full-year tax rate attributable to DaVita to be approximately 39% when excluding all non-GAAP items. Next, our interest expense increased slightly in the quarter to $105 million due to an increase in the interest rate cap amortization, as well as the impact of the deconsolidation of the APAC joint venture. This higher level of interest expense reflects our go-forward run rate. And finally, turning to our continued strong and consistent cash generation. Operating cash flow was $536 million in the third quarter and $1.92 billion for the last 12 months. We expect full-year 2016 operating cash flow to be between $1.75 billion and $1.85 billion. Since, our last earnings release, we've repurchased 9.6 million shares for approximately $619 million. And through October, we have repurchased 13.3 million DaVita shares for approximately $868 million, which represents about 6.3% of the outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. Approximately $881 million remains outstanding under our board repurchase authorizations. We continue to have a strong cash balance with nearly $1.6 billion in cash and short-term investments as of September 30th. While $212 million was used in October to repurchase stock and additional $360 million will be used in the coming months for the completion of the Renal Ventures acquisition, that still leaves us with over $1 billion of cash available before considering our continued strong cash generating capabilities. As discussed at our Capital Markets Day earlier this year, we expect to generate well over $5 billion in free cash flow to use for growth and share repurchases from 2016 to 2019. Even assuming a reasonable baseline of $1.5 billion in growth spending for development CapEx and acquisitions, this leaves over $3 billion for additional growth or share repurchase. And now, I'd like to turn it back to Kent for a few closing comments.
James K. Hilger: Well, we typically are in a restriction period near the very end of the quarter, and we would be restricted throughout the period of time after the quarter ended, until through this call.
James K. Hilger: I don't know if that's necessarily the right conclusion. Of course, when you enter into a long-term contract, both parties will look into it as things change. Amgen, of course, is interested in seeing that we are a customer post-contract renewal, and we want to be talking to all the parties that are out there. And so, what we're trying to make sure is that we have the right term solution for the long haul. So we're looking at this. You seldom get a chance to look at an $800 million cost line. And so, we are very eager in deploying the right level of rigor and resources to make sure that we get the right relationship going forward post-2018.
James K. Hilger: And I've got an answer for the question that Chris brought up, which is sort of this $140 million, how did it build over time. It won't be very precise, but it will give you directionally what you're seeking. And that is that the bulk of the growth came in 2015 and 2016. 2014, it was a small number, if we had to estimate in the $20 million or so range. In 2015, the range is probably somewhere in the – I don't know, double that, give or take. We don't have very precise numbers, but we just wanted to give you directionally that the bulk of it was in 2016, with some growth in 2015.
James K. Hilger: It was a bunch of miscellaneous line items, none of them particularly stick out. So it would just be giving you a very long list, and it just cumulatively added up to something this time. And so, we're working on it.
Chris Rigg: Hey, guys. Just wanted to again come back to the AKF issue. Obviously, you're pointing at $140 million of OI this year as in that being the potential headwind for next year. But can you give us a sense for how that ramped during the first two years of the coverage expansions? Thanks.
Chris Rigg: Okay. And then, sort of another qualitative type question here on the AKF issue. But obviously getting to some of the – at least what's been sort of suggested from the managed care side is that by shifting some of these people from, call it, a 100% Medicaid to sort of Medicaid as a supplemental, there may have been some out-of-pocket exposure here. I guess, when you new guys did you look back and reviewed the 2,000 or whatever that may have been in 2015 and 2014, what did you do? I guess, I'm just trying to get some comfort here that you guys feel pretty comfortable that in no material way were the individuals harmed financially? Thanks.
Chris Rigg: Okay, okay. And then, just one last one here on Kidney Care operating income for next year. You made reference in the Monday press release that there could be some theoretical offsets to the $140 million. If there are, can you give us a sense for what they are? And then, just can you just give us some general sort of headwinds and tailwinds beyond the AKF issue? Thanks a lot.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Hey, it's LeAnne. I think you're confusing two things. So let's talk about – patients who signed up for ACA coverage made that choice and retained their Medicaid in the secondary. I think that answers the first question. We're not substituting ACA coverage for Medicaid. If they're keeping them, they're having both of them and it's not subsidized by federal tax credits.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: No. I think we do have patients that come to us that are uninsured. And our education and process with those patients would be to find out all the avenues to which they could purchase coverage, whether they be Medicare or Medicaid, a commercial plan, an ACA plan, et cetera. So our counselor's job is to make sure that each of the avenues is presented to that patient, and then the patient chooses what is best for them in their particular circumstance.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yeah. Hi, it's LeAnne again. I think you have to put it into two buckets. Obviously, I think the public announcement by FMC as to their cost reductions associated with their using Mircera gives you one category. So clearly, I think they are enjoying their prices better than the rest of the marketplace.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Then you take the rest of the marketplace that's on Amgen products. And I think there was a lot of buzz about the move to Aranesp lowered the independent and small providers cost. Well, that's correct. It did. But that's a relative lowering and our ESA cost has been historically the best. And I think that holds true. And so, if you want to ask it again in a different way, but I think that should give you the answer you're looking for.
