Joel Ackerman: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I’m Joel Ackerman, CFO and Treasurer. And joining me today is Javier Rodriguez, our CEO. Please note that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our first quarter earnings press release and our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and all subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other subsequent filings that we make with the SEC. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements except as may be required by law. Additionally, we’d like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings press release furnished to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Javier Rodriguez.
Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. First, let me start with some additional details on our first quarter results. The biggest driver of the operating income decline of approximately $50 million from Q4 was seasonal factors. First, there were 2 fewer treatment days, resulting in approximately 185,000 fewer treatments in Q1. Second, there is negative seasonal impact on revenue from higher patient coinsurance and deductibles. Third, payroll tax expenses are higher in Q1. Now moving on to the underlying drivers of operating income. U.S. dialysis treatments per day were down approximately 2,000 or 2.2% in Q1 2022 compared to Q4 2021, primarily due to excess mortality from COVID in late Q4 and in Q1. Higher mistreatment rates in Q1 from the Omicron surge added to the negative impact on treatments. Revenue per treatment was down quarter-over-quarter by approximately $0.35, primarily due to the impact of higher seasonal coinsurance and deductibles, largely offset by increases in the Medicare fee-for-service rate for 2022 and continued improvement in both MA and commercial mix. Patient care cost per treatment was up $4.49 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to higher wage rates and the impact of lower treatment volume on fixed expenses in our centers. G&A expenses were down approximately $26 million quarter-over-quarter, largely due to the seasonality of our G&A spend. Our Q1 operating loss for the IKC business was in line with our expectations as we continue to invest in growth. We remain on track for the incremental $50 million investment in our IKC business for the year. In Q1, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of our stock, and we’ve repurchased to date an additional 800,000 shares since the quarter end. Looking forward to the rest of 2022, in Q2, we anticipate a rebound in operating income as the Q1 seasonal factors fall away, partially offset by the reduction and then the full elimination in Q3 and Q4 of sequestration relief. In Q3, we expect to incur the vast majority of the impact from ballot costs. Finally, Q4 will increase sequentially with significantly fewer ballot-related costs. Now on to our views for 2023. As we shared at our Capital Markets Day, we consider 2022 to be a transition year. We expect to see a rebound in our operating income in 2023, driven by growth in the core business, a reversal of some of the COVID headwinds, no contribution to the industry’s fight against ballot initiatives in California and progress in our IKC business. At our Capital Markets Day, we sized this operating income rebound from ‘22 to ‘23 between $250 million and $400 million. Our updated view on 2023 revolves around 3 of the underlying drivers. First, we are anticipating continued cost pressures in wages and from inflation that were not incorporated in our prior guidance. The magnitude of these pressures will largely depend on how the labor environment unfolds over the next few quarters. We are preparing for another year of wage pressure in 2023 that runs a couple of percent above our historic levels of growth, although not as challenging as what we’re experiencing this year. We expect some offset to these cost increases from higher RPT increases from Medicare fee-for-service and other payers, although our expectation is that most of our commercial and MA book will take longer to catch up because of our multiyear contracts. Second, as Javier mentioned, we’ve identified a number of cost-saving opportunities that we expect will begin to materialize in 2023. While we don’t anticipate any significant CapEx associated with these projects, we may incur some onetime expenses associated with some of these efforts in 2022, 2023 and potentially into 2024. We have excluded these nonrecurring expenses from our guidance. Finally, on COVID. Our inability to predict the course of the pandemic remains a source of significant variability in our forecast. Our views of 2023 at Capital Markets Day assumed a scenario in which excess mortality from COVID would be negligible, and we would experience accelerated growth beginning in 2023. As Javier mentioned, although we have seen improvements in treatment volumes recently, we remain cautious about future surges. If we continue to see surges this year and if COVID mortalities continue if the disease remains endemic, the impact of COVID on our forecast could slip from a tailwind to a headwind in 2023. Putting this all together, while it’s still early to give full guidance for 2023, particularly given the dynamic environment, we currently believe that if COVID largely subsides as a source of increased mortality this year, we feel good about the range of $250 million to $400 million OI increase versus 2022. If COVID remains a headwind this year and into 2023 we’d still expect a strong rebound but are not in a position to quantify it given the uncertainty. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Kevin. So Q1 was really dominated by 2 seasonal impacts that totaled about $60 million of pressure on OI. One relates to treatment days. There were 2 fewer treatment days during the quarter. And the second -- and that’s about half the impact. And the second one is about the seasonal patterns related to coinsurance and deductible, and that’s worth about another $30 million. So if you back those things out, there are a bunch of other things that played through in the quarter that will kind of be puts and takes for the rest of the year. But you back out that seasonality, and I think that explains most of the delta.
Joel Ackerman: I’d say that’s the bigger piece, but Q1 was behind where we expected, and it was mostly around volume. Mortality was higher than we expected. And while we don’t -- we’re not changing our view on mortality for the full year, it came in earlier than expected, and the mistreatment rate was higher than expected. Q1 is typically a higher mistreatment rate quarter because of flu seasonality, but it was even higher than we would have thought, and that’s largely due to COVID.
Joel Ackerman: No, Justin, there’s nothing that you’re missing. I think if you look at the -- I think you called out the right things, and they roughly balance out. There are a few other little things, as there always is a little bit of variability, but there’s nothing else to the story.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I think the government rate number, you’re a little high on. There’s some Medicare bad debt you have to take into account there. There’s some mix changes within government. There’s flu shots. There’s -- so there’s a bit of noise in there, which is, I think, preventing you from getting your numbers to tick and tie.
Joel Ackerman: MA mix came out at just under 45% for the quarter, and commercial mix was 10.5%, just under 10.5% for the quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I’m really reluctant to start giving quarterly guidance, so I’m going to stay away from that question.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I think we’re now thinking about the high end of the range for that. Q1 came in about 6% up year-over-year. And you can, I think, model that on a base of about $3.5 billion, and we’re now looking probably somewhere just below 6%. We’re now looking somewhere around 6%, maybe a smidge above that for the full year, but that would get you a number consistent with the high end of that range.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So look, I think the ‘22 number was higher than normal, and I don’t know that we have a whole lot of insight more than you do about why, but I’d say inflation is probably a good assumption. We’re not going to see the preliminary rate for 2023 until late June, early July.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So we are thinking the year-over-year treatment growth will be down relative to the kind of 0.5% to 1% that we had talked about in the past, and I’d say somewhere closer to 0 is a better way to model it now. We did see a dramatic decline over the course of the quarter. So this is from memory, but the numbers were something north of 1,500 in January, a few hundred in February and then, I think, 150 in March. So the excess mortality number did come down significantly. If -- in terms of how to model Q2, again, a lot of uncertainty here. If historical patterns hold, you’d expect to see treatment per day growth in Q2 and the next surge really come in the summer. It’s not clear whether historical patterns will hold.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I -- first of all, I’d focus on modeling treatments per day because you’ll just get a cleaner number with the number of treatment days. I think I’m comfortable saying it’s going to go up. It’s -- I’m not sure I’m ready to quantify it yet.
Joel Ackerman: I think your number is right for a normal year. I would remember that we are getting about $17 million of sequestration suspense dollars in Q1. That number gets cut in half for Q2. So we’ll lose, call it, $8 million or $9 million of revenue as a result of that. So that will cost us a little bit more than $1 of treatment.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So first, on the 2021 true-ups, they’ll come much later in the year. We haven’t really seen much on that, so we’ve got no reason to believe anything is significantly different. In terms of the IKC losses, they’re down a little bit in Q1. I think we got some payments in Q4 of last year that -- but it’s really mostly just normal variability. I don’t think there’s anything big to call out there.
Joel Ackerman: It varies in different partners, but I would expect most of them will be in the back half of the year. Remember, there’s -- you’ve got to let the claims run out for quite a while until you really know what the numbers are.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So I build the $250 million to $400 million off of the new number we gave you. So I mean I’m just doing the math in my head. I think you’re in the right ZIP code with the 1875.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, Kevin, this is Javier. Thanks for the question. The short answer is it’s too early to tell because, as we’ve told you, we are comprehensively contracted, and most of our contracts are multiyear. So on any given year, you probably have only 15% to 20% or so being negotiated, and so it’s a little early to tell. As it relates to your question on who’s got power, the reality is, as you know, is the payers have more market share than we do in any given market, and so it’s a good conversation. What we’re all trying to do now is see if we can align our incentives to get more progressive contracts to save cost to the overall system. And so it’s a bit early to tell. There’s a lot going on in revenue, as you’re well aware since you’ve tracked us for a long time because you’ve got, of course, mix and rate and a lot of other variables. But we continue to think that the foreseeable future at least, that the yield will continue to be in that 1% to 2% range.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I don’t know what inning we’re in, but I think the biggest jump has happened, we went from obviously being subpar in the market to being roughly at market. We continue to see our new patients selecting MA at a higher rate than Medicare, and so we think that it will just continue to be more incremental but slightly higher than the MA market overall.
Javier Rodriguez: But remember, Justin, the formula is not as straightforward as one would think, so you would think that they would grab some kind of either past experience or future experience that was literally tailored to our specific financials. That’s not the case. They literally grab a basket update and do some future modeling and then they apply some kind of productivity index, and then they come out with the number. So it’s labor based on hospitals, and it’s 2 years old, and so there’s going to be a bit of a lag is the point.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you. Well, let me end with a couple of closing comments. Patient outcomes and improvements to the quality of life of our patients continue to energize our 65,000 professionals. Because of COVID and inflation uncertainty, the short term continues to have materially less visibility than usual, in particular as we discussed in volume and wage rates. We are deploying a lot of energy to innovate and reduce our cost structure to mitigate some of these uncertainties, and we continue to feel very confident that the investments and capabilities that we’re building will position us to outperform in the years ahead. I thank you for your time and investment in DaVita. Be well.
