Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, Jim, and welcome everyone to this quarterly call. On a summary basis, at the enterprise level, it was a solid performance in a pretty dynamic environment, as you all well know. And at this point, we are on plan to deliver within our guidance, all the normal risks associated therewith. Before we get into any more specifics of our Q1 performance, we will start, as we always do, with our clinical performance. We are, first and foremost, a caregiving company. First, within the DaVita Medical Group, we have a program called Ride the Wave where we attempt to reach out to each and every one of our senior members, that's 360,000 human beings and we hit our goal of just over 95% of these seniors seen at least once during the past year in 2016. This is radically different from the level of care that Medicare patients and Fee-For-Service ever get, and radically different than many other MA plans as well. On to Kidney Care with an equally significant factoid, one-third of our commercial contracts now contain a value-based component. And under these contracts, we typically have catheter targets. And within those targets, we had a 15% improvement in the catheter rate through our improved clinical processes in coordination with payers, et cetera. As many of you know, patients with catheters are nine times more likely to contract a bloodstream infection, and that leads to serious hospitalizations and a lot of other bad stuff. As always, we hasten to emphasize that our quality care, a differentially high quality care not only results in healthier patients, but also drives down healthcare costs. Now, I'll turn it over to Javier for Kidney Care.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, there's just so much speculation, Scott. I think we could talk about what's been talked about yesterday, but it will probably be different tomorrow. And so I think it's not good to speculate.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Well, I guess, I'd give a two-part answer, and then you can come back for more. Number one, we said, think about a year ago that because we were still digesting some of the acquisitions we had made in the prior year-and-a-half that we were going to have a tighter filter on doing any new market large deals. And since that time, we haven't done any. There's always a chance that over the next year, we will do one, but there's also a very good chance we won't do any because we've got a bunch of opportunities in our existing markets and we want to focus on those. The second dimension of looking for quality assets is in our existing markets. And here, we are looking at a nice steady space of what we call tuck-in deals where we're buying or merging in small practices or medium-sized practices and attaching them to some of our existing assets. And that process is moving along quite nicely.
Kent J. Thiry: The odds are that that's the case. Again, every now and then, the quality new asset and a new market that's big pops up. In general, we're not price competitive on those. But you never know, maybe one day, we'll get one.
Kent J. Thiry: So they lost supplemental coverage, which in most cases, was a beautiful thing for improved coverage and care. And they lost that in the midst of all the controversy, but they were never off of Medicaid.
Kent J. Thiry: But Justin, Kent Thiry here. It was an assumption we had that turned out to be incorrect. And so it's definitely a reduction. And now the challenge becomes how many other places can we find anything incremental for a partial offset.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. It is a mix of both of those. So we have some set fees, and we have some things that relate against value based, in particular, in CKD. And so there's a whole bunch of things that are trying to reward good transitions into ESRD and savings around the transition around that.
Kent J. Thiry: I'd make two points. First, a generic one, that in a world where Congress is passing very little of anything, it makes it very difficult to find a vehicle to attach to because there's lots of people with lots of attachments and very few vehicles, and so that's an environmental problem that exists for us and others. Second, as to the particulars of our Patient Act that we have a real shot. You never know how this works, you would never say the odds are on your side, because in a world where little is being passed, you just can never say that. But it's a highly respected piece of legislation with broad bipartisan support. I'll remind everyone that we passed the House Ways & Means Committee late last fall with one dissenting vote in a year when that virtually never happened in any piece of substantive legislation in the House. Having said that, it's a real battle each new year to try to rise above the noise. And so, I think, I just have to leave it as we have a real shot, and we're working hard and it would be a tremendous victory for both patients and the taxpayers and that's increasingly known and increasingly attractive, but that doesn't mean it's in the home stretch.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. Thank you all for your continued interest in DaVita, and we will do our best for you between now and Capital Markets in a few weeks. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Q1 was in line with what we expected in Kidney Care. I'll summarize the financial performance and discuss some of the key business drivers. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 3.8%, which is within the range of our long-term expectation of 3.5% to 4.5% on an annual basis. Our adjusted operating income was $380 million for the quarter. The decrease versus fourth quarter of 2016 was driven by both normal seasonal factors and other factors that we outlined as part of our 2017 guidance. Let me elaborate on each. First, there were normal seasonal factors, including higher EPO utilization due to the flu season, higher payroll taxes in the first quarter of each year and two fewer treatment days. Second, we faced some swing factors that we've previously disclosed. Let me repeat them and provide some additional color. We'll start with the four headwinds. Number one, we experienced lower enrollment on patients on the ACA plans. Number two, we continue to see an increase of clinical teammate wages. Number three, there was a decline in adjusted operating income in our pharmacy operations. You won't be able to see this in our segment breakout for the first quarter because improvements in other ancillary businesses helped offset this decrease, but you will see the decrease in future quarters. Finally, revenue was higher in the first quarter of 2017, as our forecasted commercial rate decreases take place later in the year. Now let me shift to a couple of the tailwinds. As discussed previously, we have temporarily decreased our compensation accruals in 2017 due to a switch from profit share programs to a 401(k) match program, and we benefited from lower EPO pricing from our recent renegotiated contract with Amgen. The primary adjustment to our Kidney Care adjusted operating income in the first quarter of 2017 was a government settlement that we previously disclosed. As a reminder, we received $538 million in March. Next, we're happy to announce the closing of the acquisition of Renal Ventures effective May 1. We acquired 38 centers in six states. As part of the deal, we had to divest seven centers. The partial year financial impact of this acquisition is already incorporated into our 2017 guidance. Keep in mind that we'll incur some one-time costs to integrate the business. Finally, we just executed an extension to our partnership with Humana to provide integrated care services to approximately 7,500 Humana members with late-stage CKD and ESRD. The ESRD industry continues to move in the direction of integrated care due to the number of comorbid conditions that ESRD patients have. Our strong clinical performance improves the quality of life for patients and puts us in a good position to partner with payers to reduce costs to the healthcare system. As to outlook, we're reaffirming our 2017 Kidney Care adjusted operating income guidance of $1.525 billion to $1.625 billion. As Kent mentioned on our last earnings call, we're in a period of greater uncertainty than is usual for our Kidney Care business given the efforts around repeal and replace and the impact those efforts will have on healthcare in our country and on our business. We will continue to monitor political landscape and represent dialysis patients in those discussions. Now, on to Vijay Kotte to discuss DMG.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah, Gary. As you know, there's a wide distribution of rate. And what we want to do is make sure that we do what's right for the long term. So sometimes, we have some of their outliers that we need to bring in, and we do have a small set of out-of-network rates, and so those are sometimes the one we're discussing here.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. We are seeing the benefit as we expected. And of course, we had to go down, wind down some inventory that we had, but we are experiencing the contract as we anticipated. As it relates to the spike on the seasonal, of course, it's very hard to predict and isolate because of the flu season, it's sort of a moving target, if you will. And with the prescriptions the way they are, meaning every physician gets to make their own, it's almost impossible to diagnose a number. But if you had to put it in a range or you had to bracket it, I'd put it anywhere from $5 million to $15 million or so.
Javier J. Rodriguez: On that, it's just basically we're winding down from inventory that was purchased at the previous contract. So, it's probably not worth worrying about.
Javier J. Rodriguez: I did. And we did not provide additional detail on the numbers. We were just clarifying a number that was thrown out. That wasn't a number that we had cited in the past.
Javier J. Rodriguez: There are some that are handicapped, which we always do for you. We try to give the best stab in anticipating what's going to transpire during the year. And then there are some that have been agreed to and have an effective date that hasn't been incorporated in Q1.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. It's really hard to parse through what's going on. And so why patients are doing what they're doing with plans, exiting and other things around it. So instead of giving you a specific answer, let me just give you the total. We're at 3,000, and we're at 2,500. And so we can't parse through with clarity as to why the number changed, but that's probably better just to give you where it ends – well, where it is as opposed to where it ends.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Well, Justin, I'll go first on this one. It varies all over the map and not only by a private payer does it vary by contract, but also even within Medicare and Medicare Advantage, it differs geographically and it differs by what the baselines are that you start with. So it's a wide distribution curve.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Thank you, Vijay. To everyone on the phone, as you probably know, this is my first earnings call, and it is a pleasure to be here. I look forward to meeting many of you at Capital Markets Day in a few weeks. First, I will address our international operations. The adjusted operating loss from our international business was $11 million. This result includes a $3.5 million currency loss within the Asia Pacific joint venture. A $6 million non-cash gain on the creation of our Asia JV has been excluded from the adjusted operating income. We continue to expect adjusted international operating losses to be approximately $20 million in 2017, excluding any currency gains or losses. We are also excited to welcome Robert Lang as the President of our International Operations. He started with us in April. Robert joins us with extensive experience growing international healthcare and insurance businesses. Next, a few financial details for the enterprise. In the quarter, we generated strong operating cash flow of $865 million, positively impacted by the settlement payment received from the government. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2017 remains $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion. Our adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita, Inc. was 40% in the quarter, after non-GAAP adjustments highlighted in the press release. We continue to expect our adjusted effective tax rate attributable to DaVita, Inc. in 2017 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%. We, like other U.S.-centric healthcare service providers, pay among the highest tax rates in corporate America. Finally, our debt expense for the quarter was $104 million. Now over to Kent for a few closing comments.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Catherine, let me see if I get the – what you're going for in your question. The short answer is you have not seen the hit because they're in the back end of the year. And how we're feeling about the environment is that the environment is very active on the one topic of charitable premium assistance, but the relationship with our payers continue to be what they have been for years. And as you see from the announcement on Humana, we continue to negotiate all of our contracts. And actually, we are in a situation where right now we are as contracted as we've been for quite some time. I don't believe we said $100 million in headwind is incorporated in our guidance. So, we'll have to check that.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. On the first part of your question, yes, those patients have gone back to Medicaid. And as to the second part of your question, I'm not going to provide any additional details than what we've already provided.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I think the confusion might be – we did not, to my recollection, provide detail on, on and off exchange. We basically just said that there was 5,000 patients on the exchanges. And so maybe that's where the confusion is coming from. And so we have not disclosed any additional detail. And so what I am telling you is that we have 2,500 patients that are both the addition of on and off exchange.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Give us one second, Justin, or maybe let's move on and we'll come back to it. That's not a number we typically are prepped on. I mean, of course, it's incorporated within our guidance and we try to do the additional service of carving out international here for the last several quarters, but the other number you're asking for is not something we've classically calculated and forecasted, so let us reflect a little bit.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. I don't think we want to throw out a spontaneous answer because again, you're asking for a parsing we've never done.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: So, give us a little time to stare at it. It's not an unreasonable question. It's just not something we've ever parsed that way before.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah, Justin, I think the basic premise is that we expected over time that the rate setting process with CMS would more or less have the rates track with the market medical expense trend in the markets that we operate in. And we didn't know if we would have them one year, two years or what the longer timeframe would be, but we expected it to track more or less. And the bottom line is that we now know the 2018 rates will not do that because they're going to be relatively flat. And it's about 0.5% difference versus what CMS expected overall, and that is the geographic differential. But ultimately, the $30 million is a headwind because we do expect the medical expense trend next year, and it won't be covered through rates.
Joel Ackerman - DaVita, Inc.: Yeah. No doubt, the $30 million is a headwind, and we're going to work with our payers and our providers to do our best to mitigate as much of that as possible. But on the other hand, I do think that we are more confident about our ability to increase the savings and efficiencies in administration between now and then.
