Jim Gustafson: Thank you, Kim, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. I'm Jim Gustafson, Vice President of Investor Relations. And with me today are Kent Thiry, our CEO; Garry Menzel, our CFO; Jim Hilger, our Chief Accounting Officer; and LeAnne Zumwalt, Group Vice President. I'd like to start with our forward-looking disclosure statements. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All of these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to us, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update these statements for any reason. Additionally, we'd like to remind you that during this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our Form 8-K submitted to the SEC and available on our website. I will now turn the call over to Kent Thiry, our Chief Executive Officer.
Jim Gustafson: Yes. There is some that ran through other income, which is the same line that interest income is in. And that was about $5 million for the year and about $2.5 million for the quarter of a headwind due to the strengthening dollar. The rest that you see runs through OCI.
Jim Gustafson: Yes. We -- the hemodiafiltration trial is no longer going on. We stopped that, so we're not doing that anymore.
Jim Gustafson: We did not see it promising and so, at this point, we decided to stop the trial. No details behind exactly why.
Jim Gustafson: I think no. And we do all always see a few -- a higher number of mistreatments every winter. And it just depends on where the storms are and stuff, but there is a little seasonal impact every winter.
Garry E. Menzel: Thanks, KT. Starting with Kidney Care. Non-acquired dialysis treatment growth in the quarter was 4.6% when normalized for days of the week. Kidney Care operating profitability was up $11 million sequentially, primarily as a result of 2 factors: first, the $29 million net favorable impact resulting from the revenue recognition of certain Medi-Cal payments received in prior periods; and second, an unfavorable impact from a $3-per-treatment increase in dialysis and lab segment G&A, which was caused by normal seasonal increases in G&A spending at the end of the year and intentional nonrecurring project investment in IT during the quarter. It is worth noting that despite the higher G&A spend in the quarter, G&A per treatment was down nearly 9% in 2014 compared to the year before. International losses were $16 million for the quarter and $42 million for the year, in line with prior guidance. We continue to expect international losses in 2015 to be similar to those in 2014. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $98 million in the fourth quarter. Our income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $42 million was approximately $5 million higher than our normalized run rate due to recognition of the Medi-Cal deferred revenue I discussed earlier. Next, the effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners of 33.3% in the quarter was lower due to: one, a reduction in our tax reserves; and two, the incorporation of federal and state tax credits that were retroactively enacted by Congress in December 2014. We expect the full year tax rate for 2015 to be in the range of 39.5% to 40.5%. I would also like to provide a few reminders as you model the normal seasonality for the first quarter of 2015 in our business. In Kidney Care, first, Q1 2015 contains 3 fewer treatment days than this past quarter. So you should expect lower revenue and higher fixed costs per treatment. Second, our payroll tax cuts reset at the beginning of the year, which leads to higher costs of $1 to $1.50 per treatment. And third, Q1 will not benefit from the Medi-Cal revenue that was recognized in the fourth quarter. At HCP, operating income fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter due to the seasonal needs of patients, and Q1 operating income tends to be a bit lighter than the full year average. Also, the severity of a flu season can have a material impact on medical costs. We are seeing higher utilization right now with the flu vaccine being only 23% effective according to the CDC. However, it is still too early to know how the flu season will play out, but we estimate that it impacted our operating income by $2 million to $4 million in Q4 2014 versus the comparable period in 2013. Turning to cash flow. We continue to generate strong cash flows as operating cash flow was $199 million in the fourth quarter and $1.728 billion for 2014, excluding the after-tax impact of payments made in connection with the previously announced settlement with the government. This was within our guidance range. We expect 2015 operating cash flow to be between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion, lower than 2014 but in line with our historical trends. As always, this guidance range captures a majority of probabilistic outcomes, but we could be above or below this range. Finally, some comments on capital deployment. We continue to have a very strong cash balance. We are in the fortunate position of having various opportunities where we could deploy our capital in each of our business lines. We are constantly reviewing our capital allocation to make sure that we sustain the long-term health of the organization and achieve appropriate after-tax cash returns on capital. We did not do any share repurchases in the fourth quarter nor have we done any to this point in 2015. We felt that it was prudent to wait until after next week's announcement about Medicare Advantage rates before making any large capital deployment decisions. As we have said before, we favor a situational approach to capital deployment, and we'll continue to review our options. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Garry E. Menzel: So onto the first question. You may have to repeat the second question for me. The first question, as I pointed out in the per-treatment increase, some of it was -- we did intentional nonrecurring IT expenditures at the end of the year, and some of it were normal seasonal increases. We're not breaking out how much of that is recurring, but I think you can assume on a G&A perspective that the run rate that we have for the average of 2014 is likely to be the run rate that we will have in 2015.
Garry E. Menzel: I don't think we're prepared at this point to highlight what the individual IT costs were, and we certainly haven't made any decisions on capitalizing versus running through the P&L. It depends, of course, on the nature of costs in terms of variable versus fixed.
Kent J. Thiry: Justin, on the rate front, I'm afraid there's not a simple answer because there's so many variables that they're playing with now. They're playing with coding intensity, they're playing with the benchmark rate, they're playing with the RAF coding, which we're particularly sensitive to because we have above-average RAF. They're playing with the Star system. And so there's 4, 5, 6 different levers that they are thinking about pulling. And of course, the economics are a result of that net number at the end. And so there's no magic sort of single line to draw and correlate it to 2016 outcomes. On the contracting front, we should have a better answer for you than we do. I know that we have picked up some significant incremental protection through the course of the year, but I can't translate it into sort of a percentage of the book of business or something like that. So why don't we just pledge Garry to have that for the next time around. I think it's been solid progress qualitatively, much better than where we were a year ago but not close to done yet. For example -- and Justin, just for example, the kind of thing, so one that we signed recently, for example, any benefit design changes we and the plan basically spit them 50/50 up or down. The cost or the benefit of doing them is shared, and so we're aligned in terms of our microeconomic incentives.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Very fair question to which we do not have a very fair answer. So why don't we take that under advisement. We've got Capital Markets in a couple of months. And by that time, we'll know what they've done across all those things and maybe going forward, we should always calculate that number. But I'm afraid right now spontaneously, cannot do that justice. I mean obviously our forecast is a product of a bottoms-up set of a mix of assumptions on every single one of those variables, but we don't have the magic sort of index number that you're talking about.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. It's with some little ups and downs. It's basically been flat for 3 years or so now, which is much better than what happened to it a couple of years before then. And we have hopes that if the economy continues to recover, that it will go up. But there's so much noise in the system now compared to before, with exchanges and narrow networks and everything else, that it's not as sort of linear a relationship as it used to be. But the answer to the narrow question you asked is it's been more or less flat for 12 quarters in a row.
Kent J. Thiry: Fair. I think the answer's a little bit in between. Have we seen any clear irrefutable evidence? No. Are there rumors of 1 or 2 of some consequence? Yes. So it's a bit of a tweener. But no, we cannot point to anything that we know of that would represent -- well, that's the answer to the question.
Kent J. Thiry: That's always been a pretty unvarnished fistfight and that continues. If anything, to some extent, in some cases, the conversations are less adversarial because we're bringing so much of their value to the table now with reducing hospitalization, reducing mortality and everything else that we're doing on the quality side. So you'd almost push it the other way. But then when you stare at the emergence of narrow networks, the emergence of ACOs, the emergence of exchanges, you look at all that stuff going on, you get -- you have to respect the fact that the architecture of the building is different. And to presume the same sort of outcome is just not prudent. But we are absolutely sticking to our commercial rates for exchange business.
Kent J. Thiry: 0. I mean they may have had some -- they certainly had some had Medicare fee-for-service [indiscernible].
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Good point. Legacy is those 3 and then you sort of have Phase I of new, which were those 2 that were done right on the time of the deal that had fairly tempestuous beginnings in Phoenix and Albuquerque, and then Phase II new, which is the 3 that I referred to. So that's -- just from a terminology point of view, that's what we're talking about, and so the growth rate was in those 3. And let me go back for a second and just be clear on something, that ABQ had some MA patients but was just treating them on a fee-for-service basis. We're now treating the 11,000 on a partial-risk basis. And then at some point in the future, we'll move to full risk as soon as our payer partner is ready.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Well, let me first just comment. In aggregate, we delivered what we said we would, I don't know, 6, 7 months ago, in that year-over-year there will be an improvement exceeding $25 million. So that's the aggregate net economic result as we committed to you. It would be -- and then specifically in Arizona, we worked out an arrangement whereby a couple unprofitable plan populations got pruned in a very significant way, reduced by about 65%, 70% of lives, which eliminated a huge amount of losses for us.
Kent J. Thiry: I can't really say anything other than our release said. It's literally all we know. So that's -- if I could read it to you, which, of course, would be terribly redundant, but we don't know anything else.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. There certainly was a lot of noise around transportation in general, and then including in the dialysis space. We've had very clear policies for our people on that front for a long time and do a very thorough job of reinforcing them all the time, and so we feel very good about that. And as you know, we don't do the transportation. We don't bill for the transportation, not our transportation. So what you're saying is all true. Nonetheless, we only know what we know and we'll have to keep you posted as things unfold.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We don't have any particular perspective on that program. So I won't waste your time with just saying some superficial pablum. Our Camden Group, which is for those of you who don't know, is a consulting firm, it does superb work. They have a number of clients who are participating in the program. And so we're watching and we'll continue to watch, but we're not, at this point, doing anything dramatic in that sphere.
Kent J. Thiry: It's just a portion and then that's where I can see that I -- that we don't, around this table right now, know what the percentage is. And it tends to not be a monolithic number either because, while some of the contracts are now pure in that you're 50% aligned up and down, even-steven; other ones have much more complicated formulas or corridors and some have no protection. And so all I can say is we moved from no protection to having a decent subset of our contracts with some or good protection, alignment's almost a better word. But there's still a bunch that we -- where we are exposed. And it isn't that we suddenly wanted to reopen every single contract we had. First of all, from a capacity point of view, we couldn't do that. Second, you have some of our payers who don't want to do that and particularly, for 1 term of an entire contract. And so it's a bit of a process. So a little bit analogous to when we were starting to move to bundling in all sorts of our old Kidney Care contracts, that it took in the end 3 to 4 years for us to move from 0% to 10% that way to 70% to 80% that way, and I think we're on the same kind of journey.
Kent J. Thiry: I'm looking around and nobody is confident enough to throw out an estimate. So I think we'll just have to tell you at Capital Markets with whatever precision we think's appropriate. But right now it's not a matter of our not being willing to disclose, it's that none of us knows the number right around the table.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think it's the whole package. I mean, any one of the levers can add up to significant money over time. So whether it's the acuity coding, also called the RAF scores, whether it's the benchmark rate, whether it's the coding intensity, whether it's adjusting the Star system that -- on the margin, that math gets to be pretty significant of profits pretty quickly, which is why we are very worried that 2016 could be well below 2015. And then the other point we wanted to make very clearly is that we did not handicap the dynamism around Medicare Advantage reimbursement rates correctly. And for that, I wanted to apologize and make very clear that I got it wrong.
Kent J. Thiry: They'll come out with a preliminary rule on most, if not all, of those variables on February 20, and then a final on April 10. I think -- April 6, excuse me. So in between, there'll be a lot of drama.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think there's any clean answer to that because obviously in staring at it, there's a million different dots to connect from the conversations we're having with people in D.C. and what other people are saying and what people like you say and all the rest. So there's no magical source of data that we have. We do have more susceptibility than others on the RAF coding front because we have an above-average RAF, because we have slightly older patients and we've had them for longer periods of time. And we're more disciplined in both collecting diagnoses as well as acting on them, which is why we have superb clinical outcomes. And so we're more sensitive on that score than others. But then there's the other 3, 4, 5 variables. And right now, our concern is that the administration may not realize how close they are to actually reducing the incentive for people to invest in Medicare Advantage, which has been the source of tremendous innovation, cost reduction and clinical improvements. In a lot of markets, it's estimated now that once you get MA penetration up into that 35%, 40% range, the ripple effect into affecting fee-for-service expenses is quite substantial. There's a guy speaking in D.C. today who's well respected, he talked about as much as a 9% spillover effect. And so we worry that they -- some of them may be trying to, if not kill the goose that's laying the golden eggs, cut off a leg.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, it's a very colorful question. I am sure that at some point in some markets, we will be a plan. And this is no different than what I said before. We prefer to work in alignment with existing plans and feel that's the best way to more quickly get to a good place for everyone, including the patient and the physician networks. But I predict with a high level of certainty that at some point, in some markets, we will be -- we'll be a plan. Did I answer enough of that or was there...
Kent J. Thiry: No, no. Your intuition is exactly right. I would think as the years unfold, we're going to have some health systems as our partners. And whether it's their plan and we're a subcontractor or it's our plan and they're a subcontractor or it's both our plans and we're fully partnered, that's going to happen. And for a lot of the health systems that are starting to put a plan on the shelf, we're one of the phone numbers they call. Because once you do that, you really get pretty intense about actually managing the population. And so you're absolutely right. And that's why 18 months ago, we said one of the sort of R&D segments we're going to play with from the perspective of developing growth models was the health system segment, and that's why we're working with Centura. It's why we're talking to 1 or 2 others already right now. And we may very well, in some of those cases, be doing a plan with them or a subcontractor to their plan.
Kent J. Thiry: On international, I believe our guidance is that 2015 will be about flat to 2014. What you have going on underneath that calm exterior is some nice profitability improvements in some countries offset by the increased expenses as we ramp up in Saudi Arabia, where we won that huge government contract for 5,000 patients. So that's the mathematical answer to that. As to the dollars we're investing in new capabilities in HCP, I do not know the number offhand. It is not a small number because we think the potential for creating long-term competitive advantage is quite substantial. Of course, there's an element of subjectivity. If you add someone in cybersecurity, does that count as new capability that's strategic or is it just a new recurring normal operating expense or is it something in between? So I don't -- for Capital Markets perhaps, we can put something on the table that will give you a sense of what is incremental expenses that are very much tied to creating new capabilities for the future as opposed to just supporting existing. And by the way, if I can just break in, Dana, that someone asked a while ago about ABQ revenues. And they're back to approximately 80% of their peak, which is a significant improvement from 2 years ago at the low. But back to you, Dana.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me see if I can get permission to share that. Let me put it on mute for 1 second. We're going to -- it's approximately 65,000 patients, and people are going to check and see how out of date I am or how far off I am, but that gives you a ballpark sense.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I can't -- Garry is too new to know the past, and I am not going to be able to confidently say what year-over-year increases were 3 or 4 years ago. If I had to guess, I would say on a net basis, probably higher than that by a bit. That would be my -- the odds of that statement is directionality true, probably 80%.
Kent J. Thiry: Certainly, out-of-network business is always under pressure. I don't think we've ever disclosed our precise percentage. It is, in general, much lower today than it was before. And so I will probably leave it at that.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I think we're trying to move away from some of that parsing. We did it because, at the time, it was necessary for you to have a fair picture of what was going on. And therefore, we did it. At this point, we think you've got a fair picture without us going into that kind of detail, which, a, can be misleading; and b, sometimes is counter to your interest in terms of how it affects those market dynamics.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We don't break that out, and it's not to be difficult. But it really gets difficult to categorize, because you can have a pretty tiny pay-for-performance bonus and then define that as sort of a value-added managed care-type contract all the way to being globally capitated. And so I think from a strategic point of view, the number continues to grow and the sort of weighted average depth and robustness continues to grow. But not in a way that would affect your modeling one way or another, which is why we don't think there'll be any particular utility in us sort of arbitrarily defining what counts and what doesn't. So it's very nice progress. It helps with relationships. It's consistent with our mission. Someday, we hope that we can monetize our capability in a way that makes it worth talking about with you. But right now it's just not.
Kent J. Thiry: I think -- I'm going to say words that one should never say. I think it's going to go into effect soon and that's just because I was in D.C. recently. And so I think it's going to go in soon. We are participating out of a sense of citizenship. It's not at scalable program as currently defined. However, we totally applaud CMS for doing all the work to get it where it is, and in particular Dr. Conway and others. And hopefully, we can use this as a platform to take that next step to a scalable program, which will really transform kidney care in America, dramatically improve quality, save a bunch of money, be good for shareholders, be great for families, keep people at work. So we're getting -- we're inching towards the promised land.
Kent J. Thiry: It's been so long since we submitted the details, to be honest, I don't remember. Those numbers could be about right. Remember, CMS gets to pick which proposals for which markets, and it's sometimes difficult to forecast then even within one of those selections exactly what the enrollment's going to be. But that maybe -- it's certainly not that we're going to have 20,000 patients and it's not that we're going to have 1,000. I mean we could have 0 if they don't award anything to us. So we'd be surprised and disappointed at that. So it's not 25 and it's not 1,000, but beyond that, I don't really remember. I think where CMS was is that, in total, they wanted to have about 15,000 patients in the pilot. Now they may have gotten more aggressive on that, but that used to be the number. And if you assume that if we're 35% of the patients in America, we'd be 35% of the ESCO patients, that would put us right about exactly where you were estimating.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, I'll first give a qualitative answer. They will all develop slower than you would like. But then separate from that, if we compare the medical group segment to the health system segment to the payer segment to the IPA segment, the one that we're, by virtue of our DNA, most compatible with and attracted to is the medical group segment. I mean we're a physician caregiver organization and so medical groups are like finding cousins or long-lost brothers or sisters for us as opposed to the other categories. And so I think that's the one that we're sort of philosophically drawn to. But as to which one will end up being the best vehicle for good risk-adjusted return on equity, it's just too soon to tell. If you forced me to bet right now, even though I'm not a betting man, I would go medical groups.
Kent J. Thiry: We just had -- there were floods in Malaysia. And so we had people that were sleeping and sitting on their roofs because the water filled their houses, and our teammates continued to travel by boat to a stranded dialysis center to dialyze, with at least one caregiver being apart from their family for 7 days straight to make sure that patients got to the center then back in a boat, back to their home. So it gives you some sense of what they do.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much for your consideration. We will do the best we can and look forward to seeing many of you at Capital Markets.
Kevin K. Ellich: Okay. See, last fall, I think it was November, Medicare held an ambulance open-door forum and dialysis patient transportation billing and coding was actually brought up on the call. I think there was confusion about the coding. So I'm wondering if they're trying to get information from you guys about that.
Kevin K. Ellich: Sure. Okay. Great. And then can you give us some updated thoughts on Medicare's continual shift to be value-based reimbursement models and how you're positioned? And kind of on top of that, we've seen you do a few deals over the last several months. You mentioned some on the call, but also the Camden Group acquired a small consulting business as well and wondering kind of what your view is in participating in the -- in Medicare's bundled payment for care improvement initiative and whether you think it has legs or not.
Kevin K. Ellich: Great. And then going back to some of Garry's comments. I think you mentioned you saw a $3 per treatment increase. I guess how much of that's recurring? And then can you just recap again the $29 million Medi-Cal prior period increase? Where did that come from? And that's all I have.
