Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I'll begin with some additional color on our Q4 results and then focus on our 2021 guidance. Our full year 2020 results exceeded our initial expectations, and the core earnings power of the business remains strong. However, our Q4 results reflect the strong headwinds from the latest COVID surge. Operating income was $382 million and earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.67 below the guidance from our last earnings call. The middle of our adjusted EPS guidance range contemplated a net headwind from COVID of approximately $25 million. However, as Javier referenced, the actual impact was approximately $60 million. Excluding the impact of COVID, our EPS from continuing operations would have been in the middle of our adjusted guidance range. Relative to Q3, we experienced changes in first, mortality which has had a compounding effect throughout the year; second, a reduction in expense offsets in the quarter particularly related to the healthcare costs for our teammates which have helped to temper the net financial impact of COVID in Q2 and then in Q3; and third higher direct costs related to COVID including certain benefits to help our frontline teammates with the hardships of COVID and higher PPE costs. Other than COVID, notable factors for the quarter include non-acquired growth of negative 0.3% due to the monthly mortality trend worsening during the quarter. Revenue per treatment was up in the quarter as a result of normal fluctuations in Medicare reimbursement and seasonality. Patient care costs increased sequentially, primarily due to various impacts of COVID that I previously mentioned; G&A decreased sequentially, primarily due to the elimination of ballot cost; and we saw continued core profit in our international business offset by a $6 million foreign exchange loss. In the fourth quarter, we purchased 4.2 million shares of our common stock. And additionally to date in 2021, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares. So our share count as of today is approximately 109 million. When estimating our diluted share count in your models, you need to consider the dilutive impact of EPS of outstanding equity awards, which in the fourth quarter was approximately 4.3 million shares. Looking forward to 2021. As you can see in the press release, our guidance for adjusted operating income is $1.675 billion to $1.825 billion, adjusted earnings per share is $7.75 to $8.75 and free cash flow is $900 million, $1.15 billion. Our guidance ranges are wider than in a typical year. This is the result of the wide range of potential impact of COVID on our 2021 results.  At the midpoint of our range, we have incorporated an estimate of the net cost associated with COVID of approximately $200 million. Declining treatment volume as a result of higher mortality is the primary driver of the growing impact relative to 2020.  Our guidance assumes that the higher mortality will continue for the first half of 2021 and return closer to pre-COVID levels in the second half of the year as a result of widespread use of effective vaccine. However, COVID does introduce a significantly higher level of uncertainty in our forecast and there are certain scenarios that could result in our performing outside this range.  Looking through the impact of COVID, we believe that 2021 will be another year of solid underlying operating income growth with strong free cash flow and we expect to continue to invest in our strategy and in innovation.  Let me now provide a few additional details on our outlook. Ballot cost should be a significant year-over-year tailwind as we spent approximately $67 million in 2020 to defeat the ballot initiative in California. As 2021 is not a general election year, we do not expect this expense to occur.  Calcimimetics should be relatively flat year-over-year, although the quarterly contribution will be evenly spread throughout 2021 rather than the declining trend we experienced in 2020. Now that calcimimetics has become a permanent component of our Medicare run rate, we will no longer call out the financial impact going forward.  Other swing factors include the benefit from increasing Medicare Advantage enrollment offset by our investment in our value-based program. These investments include G&A costs associated with enhancing our model of care and start-up costs associated with new contracts.  A few more quick notes on 2021. We expect our capital expenditures in 2021 to be similar to our 2020 spend. A reminder that our current run rate interest expense is $60 million to $65 million per quarter.  We expect tax rates to remain between 26% and 28% absent any material changes from the new administration. And as usual, Q1 has two fewer treatment days in Q4 and higher bad debt and payroll taxes. Year-over-year, Q1 will have 0.6 fewer treatment days than last year because of the leap year.  With that operator, please open the line for Q&A. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes and I'll remind everyone that there's a lot of uncertainty associated with COVID. So we tried to be helpful by focusing on a scenario in the middle of our range. But yes, the $200 million is apples-to-apples with a roughly $60 million number from 2020. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So the way I think about the MA is the penetration rate went up call it 5%, a couple of percent is what we would normally see in a typical year and 3% is the result of the Cures Act and the fact that some of our patients had access for the first time, and we think about the upside from that 3% and that's in the same range as the excess spending we're doing in 2021 related to the growth of our value-based contract business, what we call IKC or Integrated Kidney Care.  So a positive from that extra 3% and an investment related to Integrated Kidney Care and those two things are roughly in the same ballpark. So think of those as a wash in terms of impact on 2021 OI growth.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, first let me just clear up -- you keep using the $140 million. Let me clear up how we're thinking about the $200 million. And in many ways mimics what we saw in 2020. I would bucket our COVID impact into three categories. One is the direct costs associated with COVID and think of enhanced benefits we're giving to teammates to help them with the hardship associated with COVID, think of increased PPE spend. So that's bucket one. Bucket two are the offsets, lower T&E, the Medicare sequestration revenue, lower benefits as a self-insured employer. And what we saw in 2020 is those were big numbers, but they generally offset each other. It wasn't true quarter-to-quarter and that's why you see some of the big swing from Q3 to Q4. But if you look at the full year, those two numbers offset each other and the net impact in 2020 was the result of this accumulating lost treatments associated with some of our patients passing away as a result of COVID. So you can think of $60 million as the impact in 2020 associated with mortality. That $60 million in the scenario we laid out grows to $200 million next year. And again in 2021, we're anticipating more or less that the increased costs will be offset by the offsets, although the costs will come down and the offsets will come down, and the nature of the cost will be a little bit different. PPE we anticipate will remain elevated as the unit cost of some of the PPE stays high. Obviously, we'll keep the sequestration for Q1, but that will go away. We think T&E will remain low, but the health benefits associated with teammates will come down. So, again, direct costs and offsets blend to roughly zero and the $200 million is the impact from mortality. Now let me get to your fundamental question. Two things. Yes, the patients who are passing away from COVID are older on average than our average patient. And as a result, they're more likely to have Medicare and the commercial mix there is lower. In terms of thinking about the -- how it impacts our cost structure, it's tough to model. It depends on where these patients are how long it takes, over what period this extends, but it is safe to say that our G&A, you can think of it as relatively fixed and our patient care costs are -- a majority of our patient costs are variable.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So let me clarify what we meant by the front half of the year. What we were saying in the scenario we're painting there is that the lost -- the increased mortality that we are seeing in our patient population as a result of COVID would be highly concentrated in the front half of the year, that though the lost treatments associated with those patients who unfortunately have passed away early that remains through the back half of the year. And unfortunately will remain through 2022. So those treatments are lost. And what you would see in the back half of the year is you'd hopefully you'd see NAG bottoming out and starting to increase in the back half of the year, but it will take some time for the lost treatments to play through the system. So I don't think you can say the back half of the year will not be impacted by COVID, it certainly will be impacted by COVID. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So if you think about all the other factors that impact NAG in terms of treatment and volume -- in terms of transplant volume and new to ESRD admits that stuff has largely returned to normal. So we're not anticipating much impact of that. So the NAG story for 2021 is largely around the mortality question. If you think about Q1 and I'll talk in terms of the NAG, we see NAG continuing to decline in Q1 and then again in Q2. And this is really driven by this scenario we painted of increasing mortality. And then it's hard to know where it will bottom out. Again there's a lot of uncertainty here. But in terms of trying to see what the NAG might be in Q2, you could anticipate something as low as negative 2% or even negative 3% for that one quarter and that it will start to recover from there. If you thought about the full year 2021 NAG, again, we're not guiding to NAG but just to help you all think about this I think it's safe to think of a negative NAG for the full year certainly probably -- I think it's reasonable to model it as somewhere in the negative 1% to negative 2%. And then you don't see NAG really return -- remember NAG is a year-over-year number, so you wouldn't see it return to normal until mid-2022. And then the one other thing I'd point out about NAG is once the mortality has worked its way through the system in terms of -- on a quarterly basis, we're not seeing excess mortality and once you've had a full year for the lagging effect of NAG to play through then you would anticipate us having a bit of a tailwind associated with NAG. The unfortunate mortality that we've seen as a result of COVID should lead to a lower mortality over the next few years as a result of some of the patients who passed away of COVID would have otherwise passed away in 2022 or 2023, et cetera. So you'll certainly see a real headwind on NAG in 2021, you'd expect a bit of a hangover from that in 2022. But going forward from the back half of 2022, and again this is all caveated on our scenario, whereby, the vaccines work and our patients get access to them, you'd start seeing a NAG that would be higher than normal in the back half of 2022. And I apologize for how many numbers I'm throwing around than how confusing this can be. So if anything wasn't clear please follow-up.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So there's a lot we're going to learn about that over the next few years Kevin, but I think low to mid-single digits is a reasonable margin. If you think about it as using a full cap kind of accounting approach on some of these, we don't take in all the revenue. So that plays with the margin. But in terms of margin per patient, you'd wind up at about the same dollar amount.
Joel Ackerman: I would say, if I were trying to model that and again a lot of uncertainty going forward, I would think about us making a margin on the component of the cost that is not dialysis. So think of us as a medical manager, a value-based care deliverer on the call it two-thirds of that $90,000 that doesn't go to dialysis. The dialysis cost is relatively fixed. And so, I'd apply the margin number to that 60,000 number. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Kevin, I appreciate the math you're trying to do which is use the loss treatment count to back into what our normal NAG would have been. It's a very tough piece of analysis to do. The 7,000 was an end of quarter number. So you can't just multiply that. It was actually a little bit more weighted towards November and December when the spike began. So I don't think you can back into a NAG number. Frankly, we're having trouble backing into it, because there is a lot of play in the question of excess mortality and which of these patients really passed away of COVID versus other things. So I'd avoid trying to interpolate to what our underlying NAG is. 
Joel Ackerman: Well, I think there are a bunch of other swing factors that could impact the year. So, if I were to run down the list, obviously there's the effectiveness of the vaccine and the variance and that will play through on the mortality line. There's the potential economic impact of COVID and how that could play through with private pay mix. Early in the pandemic we talked a lot about that and we were very concerned about it. We've been very pleased with the resiliency, our patients have shown in terms of maintaining their coverage but I think you can't lose sight that PPE costs are something that remain a relatively dynamic issue less in terms of volume utilization and more in terms of price, additional government assistance is certainly a possibility extending the sequestration halt or something like that. So those are a few things I'd point out to keep your eye on. That said yes. The mortality question is certainly the one that is dominating our modeling for 2021.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So Lisa, let me take the first and I think Javier will grab the second one. So as I interpreted your question is what's the bridge from 2020 to 2021, given the headwind? And here's the way I think about it. If you take our non-GAAP or adjusted OI in 2021 and add back the $67 million for the ballot initiatives and then add back the $60 million for COVID and then you compare that to the middle of our range adding back COVID. So this -- so 19.50 [ph] you'd get about a 4% growth rate. And that's how I think about how is the core doing year-over-year. And to me 4% it's a solid, stable year of the core with this very challenging, very uncertain calcimimetic COVID on top of it. The 4%, it's kind of what our normal year would look like, low to mid single-digit revenue growth. Stable margins again driven by RPT increases below inflation. Good cost management. I talked about the MA and the IKC offsetting themselves. So that's how I think about the 4% growth. It's just -- it's a stable steady year masked by COVID.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So Lisa, the contract ends at the end of 2022. As you know, we've always been a little challenged as a result of confidentiality agreements in terms of what we can say. It will certainly be interesting times as that contract ends, regarding hips and some other dynamics. So, it remains to be seen what's going to happen then.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, early in the pandemic, we actually saw a benefit from lower missed treatments, which you would suppose, is our patients avoiding the hospital. That has largely normalized. So isn't really playing through on the treatment numbers right now. I would remind you part of our platform. We have a decent-sized acute business and that has seen some benefits as a result of this. So -- but, in terms of the overall impact on the year, it's not significant.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Look, Q1 is usually a weak quarter. We've got higher bad debt, higher payroll taxes, one other thing that's slipping my mind. But, I wouldn't -- but I'd say relative to last year it will be very different, because last year the calcimimetics number really skewed things as did the ballot initiative. Oh yes, there are fewer treatment days in Q1, sorry. But I don't think it will be dramatic. I don't think the pattern will be that different than a normal year. And given the fact that the mortality issues that we are raising will really spike in Q1 and then come down, it is not unreasonable to think of COVID as being relatively evenly spread across the year. 
Joel Ackerman: I think if you're looking at the core yes you could look at historical reasonable patterns and how -- look COVID is uncertain enough over the course of the whole year, how it's going to play out quarter-by-quarter is hard to predict. We obviously saw that in Q4. But a relatively even spread across the year seems like a reasonable starting point for a very uncertain number. 
Joel Ackerman: I think what we said is that at the end of '20 we were getting close to the 30th -- sorry the 30%. And we're now in the mid-30s. And remember the rest of the market is roughly around 40%, meaning the non-dialysis. 
Joel Ackerman: Well if you assume that it moves roughly 2 percentage points in the year, you can do the math around that, but it's high 20s. 
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Whit -- I'm sorry John we've avoided commenting on this number for a while. You can imagine us sitting across the table from an MA plan. And just not wanting them to know exactly what the average rate is. So we're not going to comment on it. We wanted to be helpful in terms of thinking about how to model 2021 over 2020 which is why we called out the IKC investment as comparable in scale. So you see that they're largely a wash year-over-year. And again that wash is relative to the extra 3% of MA growth, not the full 5%. So we'll get the benefit of the 2% that we get year in year out. But the -- we don't want to comment on what the rate differential is between MA and normal Medicare fee-for-service. 
Joel Ackerman: It's still relatively small, but growing. We're -- look I'd say, fundamentally we see this business as being on the right side of healthcare. It's a big opportunity and we think we've got a right to win because of what Javier was talking about in terms of our ability to deliver quality and manage the care of the non-dialysis side today it's still relatively small. We're keeping a very careful eye on it. I think to me the important point that I emphasize is we view this as a new business rather than viewing it as some new way to finance the cost of dialysis. But in terms of magnitude today it's still small.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Gary, let's just make sure we're all working with the same MA penetration rate. So the 25 number is from a couple of years ago and that grew 2%, maybe a little bit more each year over the last couple of years. So at the beginning of -- let me get my years right, at the beginning of 2019 that was probably in the ballpark, but you add a couple of percent, maybe a little more in 2019. And then again in that's how you get to the number Javier sighted, which is coming up right on 30% at the end of 2020 and adding another 5 points in 2021. Again those 5 points being, 2 points that we would have gotten anyway without the Cures Act, because this has been growing 2% a year and then another 3% for the Cures Act. So if you're trying to model what's the upside in 2021 as a result of the Cures Act coming online, I'd use that 3% number.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, it will impact our thinking about new center development. But there's a real -- there's a long lead time from when you conceive of a center until you build it and you get it certified. So I don't think you'd see much impact in the new center numbers in 2021 or even 2022. That said, look, the numbers have come down, we certified a little more than 80 new centers in 2020. I think we actually built something in the mid-40s. And then, if you look forward to next year, again, you'll see the number certified come way down. And the actual number we're going to build next year will probably be more likely in the 20s. So that number was coming down fast before COVID.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. There was a bit in two. It grew in three and I think about half of it was in Q4. And it's a number that accumulates right? Because the impact of loss treatments on Q4 is associated with our patients, who passed away in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 and that's why you see it accumulating that way and you'll see that pattern continuing in the front half of the year in 2021.
Joel Ackerman: The reason for that is the spike happened in November and December. And remember, generally, mortality lags the spike in the infection curve by three or four weeks.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. I don't have that math in front of me. But again, if you think about how the $200 million in this one scenario we played out. And I just want to emphasize again, this is one scenario. We think it's a reasonable middle scenario, but it could play out in many different ways. But if you think about what -- how to model that $200 million over the course of the year, I think you can think about it as relatively flat. Most of the increase in our patients passing away will happen in Q1. Q1 is also more likely to be burdened with some other expenses than the later quarters. So it's complicated math. Maybe Q2 is a little higher than Q1, as a result of the mortality growing. But, flat across the year is not an unreasonable starting point.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Justin, I'd just add. It's -- I think it's a great acquisition for the international team and exciting for them to get back -- to get into a new country, after we had been pruning the platform. And then, maintaining the discipline of capital efficient growth. So from that standpoint, it's great. From a materiality standpoint, in terms of impact on OI, it's pretty small.
Joel Ackerman: I don't have the number, off the top of my head. We'll see if we can get it for you. If not we'll get it to you, after the call.
Javier Rodriguez: We do, but that number is going to fluctuate dramatically because of the filing of all these government CMMI products. And so we are not sure how that whole process is going to play out since they start in April, and how many patients are going to enroll. So that will be the bulk and the largest size of it.
Javier Rodriguez: I appreciate it. The short answer is no because the most important thing is that, we have the modality of choice for the patient and the physician, that think is appropriate for the right care. And so, that is first and foremost and the first thing that is considered. Secondly, of course, if there is an area that's severely impacted, we are looking at that to see what capacity is in those centers. And so, we're taking a close look at it. But as you can imagine, our centers are needed in most of these communities and it's something that we have to be very responsible of because if you have mortality, there's still other patients there. And as you know for a very long time, we've carried several hundred centers that have lost money. And then it's a very difficult decision one that we don't take lightly whether we close the center or not.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. The patient vaccine rate is low and the teammate vaccine rate is actually starting to get into the 40%. And we are working, as I said in the remarks very diligently with the government because our hope is that we can get direct allocation. If we were to use the flu -- the normal flu vaccine as an example, we get close to 90% across the entire cohort. And we do it in a very, very quick time period. And so we're making a case to the government. But of course, as you know and you've read, there's a lot of demand in a lot of different groups. And so we're trying to break through that line.
Javier Rodriguez: Kevin, maybe let me pull up just a little because it might not be clear before kind of investments we're making for value based. And so, there's two categories that I think of. One is sort of G&A stuff, software model of care for non-ESRD things like diabetes, mental, health end of life, those type of models that would scale in different kinds of framework. And then there's a start-up cost for each individual contract that has a custom elements to it. So care models health assessments and other things that are specific to each contract. So hopefully that helps.
Javier Rodriguez: And Lisa let me grab the second part of that, which is on home modality. The short answer is we have a lot of excitement on the home modality, because it really enhances the quality of life. And so our physicians and our patients are responding quite well. And we are innovating a lot so that our patients when they're home, they the confidence in security as if they were in center. And so we're developing a lot of tools like remote monitoring and telehealth and other things so our patients can feel that security of doing dialysis at home. It does continue to grow in a significant way. And as it relates to getting the patients earlier and what does that have impact on mix. The short answer is that that's work in progress. We continue to work with our physician practices to make sure that they're educating the patients and then we've developed world-class free to anyone in the community that the access training, so that you can know your modality selection. And the hope is that, of course, you make your selection early enough so that you can have the transition without that big spike or without any depression or mental issues as you acclimate to dialysis.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Let me grab that one. This is Javier. I think the great outcome of the Humana negotiation is that we both ended up with our goals accomplished. Both Humana and DaVita wanted to have -- make sure that more patients had access that we were innovating and making sure that we were creating what we call the win-win arrangement that had better outcomes at a reduced cost. That unfortunately has a lot more complexity and takes a lot longer, because you have to do a lot of analytics to make sure that we're set up to be a win-win. In general the MA book, as we told you last time, is mostly contracted and has been for quite some time. The timing of the Humana contract just happened to be at the end of the year, and it was -- obviously because of its size, it's more complicated, but we're very happy with how it ended up and we're looking forward to a multi-year relationship that delivers on this value-based contract.
Javier Rodriguez: The big assumption there Whit is of course if the mortality is in the front end of the year then it continues to play out which is very different than what happened in 2020 which happened to be the spike ended up in the back end of the year. And so and analytically of course that is on the premise that the vaccines work and that the fourth quarter and the third quarter are -- look more normal than where we are now. 
Javier Rodriguez: It's a great question, John. We've been asking and on the flu we end up somewhere in the high 80s, low 90s. And so this is obviously a very unique experience they're going through and they've seen what's going on with COVID. Our data shows us right now slightly lower than the normal flu and then the question becomes once you have the vaccine if you can make it convenient and you can get the momentum will that number go back to the normal flu? And the short answer is, we don't know. But right now roughly 40% all of our labor force in the field has been vaccinated. 
Javier Rodriguez: Well John, first of all, I really appreciate your empathy for this team because their commitment and resilience and just dedication has been just incredible and an inspiration to the rest of us. But no, they're actually in the thick of things this spike in the end of the year beginning of this year was steeper and more acute than anyone would anticipate. And so they've been working, working, working and trying to keep everybody safe. So the fatigue is real the emotional drain and the attachment that they have to our patients and seeing this mortality that we've talked about is an emotional and a heavy, heavy thing to deal with. And so I think that this is going to have consequences for the entire caregiving system for years to come. 
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab it. And then Joel, you can supplement because I'm not sure, I understand exactly where you want to go. But at the end of the day, I think, the answer is…
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. I got you now. Most of the time the contract assumes that you get the payer's network and you're basically going after utilization and better care so you're trying to reduce utilization as opposed to price.
Javier Rodriguez: It's an interesting proposition. I mean, at the end of the day, I think, it's unlikely, but we would be open to explore it, because if someone upstream takes the risk and the example you laid out in direct contracting, we would be receiving Medicare fee-for-service in that example of direct contracting. So unless they literally said, hey, because of your strategic advantage of actually spending so much time with the patient, we think that you can partake with us. That would be very interesting. Of course, the other way to look at it is, can we be the direct contracting entity. And so, we will be looking at all these things and see how they play out. But that's where it stands now.
Javier Rodriguez: I think, in general, the plans have paid a lot of attention to it, but they always have. And so it's a discussion and the conversation has really gotten more into a shift of can we do value base. But the short answer is that we didn't have that many at-bats, because most of the contracts we're longer term, so yet to be seen.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, is a short answer and everybody is new at this meaning the plans are, and we're working through what that means and what the implications are of going upstream. And then of course, there's some regulatory restrictions to deal with. But at the end of the day, we're all trying to manage the patient as soon as possible to make sure that that transition is as smooth as possible.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. And let me step up a couple of feet in case people haven't been tracking it. There is a network adequacy demand on MA plan and for dialysis patients there was a shift in an objective measure that had time and distance. And then basically, they dropped the objective criteria and made it more subjective and just saying you have to have an adequate network. The update on that is that, there was basically a technical reason and then the case is no longer active right now. As we look into whether we and community and patients will pursue the next one, we are actually waiting to make sure that we have harm. And so we're waiting to see, if a plan actually doesn't abide by the spirit of making sure that there's adequacy. Right now, we have not experienced any of that, and we hope that we don't. But that's the status of the update.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. A couple of things, I think we stayed consistent to the discipline that we have outlined on capital markets, which is basically we would be very, very diligent on, where we could add clinical value, where we had the right to scale, where we had a content management team. And we thought, from a compliance perspective, it was a place where we could operate safely and that we had capital efficiency. The UK has been going from a government-led program to a private. And it is a very interesting market, where it is predictable. And we understand it. And so we won a tender. And we think that the, returns will be good.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Well. Thank you. Let me close off with some comments here. Number one, our team's commitment and dedication to the safety and health of our patients is absolutely unwavering. It is really sad and unfortunate that our patients age in comorbid conditions, make them significantly more vulnerable to COVID. We are going to work diligently, to get as many vaccinated as soon as possible. Number two, we shared with you today some of the dynamics that the pandemic has had on our company, on our patients and on our teams. I hope it was helpful. Of course, the ranges will follow the trajectory of this very unpredictable pandemic. And then lastly, absent the pandemic impact which is very hard to say that sentence, because everything here starts with the pandemic, our business plan has shown resiliency and in line with our multiyear outlook that we discussed at capital markets. So I end with hopefully some optimism, that I like you hope that this vaccine can move us past this stage. Thank you for our interest in DaVita. And we'll talk soon. Stay safe.
Whit Mayo: Thanks. Good afternoon. Back on the mortality dynamic, I was just thinking about hospitalizations that don't result in death and based off of some of the industry data that we've seen. I don't know if this is right or not, but it's got the rate of hospitalization maybe three to four higher than the death. And I know this is dangerous, but would imply maybe 20,000 of your patients could have been hospitalized around the same time that you experienced this higher mortality. And I can appreciate it's hard to parse out did COVID drive the mortality? Or was this another factor? But I'm just broadly kind of wanted to hear your -- what you're seeing with just overall hospitalizations and missed visits. I mean the numbers cumulatively are probably fairly low.
Whit Mayo: Right. I'll stop the mortality. I think that pretty much covers it. But maybe just one other question I had was, I think, you guys are back in network with Humana maybe technically you were never out of network. That's probably more the accurate statement, but just anything to share about that contract and maybe more broadly just an update on the network adequacy modifications. And any changes that you're seeing differently with how payers are behaving? Just kind of curious on that topic.
Whit Mayo: Okay. And actually just one last one just not -- Joel, I don't think you want to give specific guidance around the quarters here. But, any way to think about what percent of your earnings you think you may have in the first half versus the second half? I'd hate for us all to get things terribly wrong with how you guys internally are looking at the cadence of earnings.
