Kent J. Thiry: Yes. Thanks, Justin, for the questions. On the second question, I'll be spending a significant majority of my time on HealthCare Partners. On the first question, as you know, historically, we don't typically comment on personnel issues. So I think I just stay away from that and reiterate how excited I am to step into that role after the last 18 months of some difficulty, as you know.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. I think it's the things that I mentioned. And they're going to sound relatively generic, but hopefully, they'll emerge in a very substantive and nongeneric way. But it is to deepen the value proposition in existing markets with respect to MLR management and patient loyalty, ability to attract and retain physicians, et cetera. So it's sort of power alley, fastball down the middle, improvements of the value proposition in legacy markets. It's to stabilize, continue to stabilize and improve things in the 2 new markets that have consumed the most economic resources, and it's to selectively grow. And as I mentioned, we've already identified a handful of very promised opportunities and are in various stages of execution on those and are picking from a bunch more for the next handful. So I think that's kind of the trilogy of focus. If that's helpful, I recognize it's quite generic at this point.
Kent J. Thiry: On the first question, Justin, I don't think we want to break out the $25 million because it's a couple different markets, it's a lot of different variables. I think the important news for shareholders is just that we're feeling good at, at least, a year-over-year $25 million pickup, which is a very significant amount, especially in 2 markets where we have a nontrivial market position to build from. And then as to exactly what their net economic statuses and when they hit it, I don't think we want to get into that level of detail. And in part, there are decisions in each place, and we may decide to have losses go on longer. Because of the returns we think we'll ultimately get, it's really too difficult to predict. So unfortunately, I got to stay away from that.
Kent J. Thiry: Tandigm, the short answer is it's going well, but of course, that has to be qualified by the fact it's still in the early stage. We hit our target of 300 primary care physicians who signed up to work with Tandigm, which is exactly what we wanted. They are the physicians we were hoping would join. They are physicians that are committed to moving forward with IBC as a big payer and us in order to start to improve managed care in that community. And so without at all underestimating the business challenges to come, so far it's right on track. We've got the right partners, we've got the right tools, we've got the right momentum, but there's a lot of work ahead of us and time will tell. And then I guess, Dana, the other question is, might there be others? The short answer is yes. It's a model that attracted a lot of interest. We just have to decide how many we want to do at what pace. Now we don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of our capabilities.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think we have anything material to say on that. There hasn't been anything dramatic going on one way or another within the quarter. And so it's sort of business as usual, which is not to say it's a smooth line, but there's nothing noteworthy, I think, in the quarter itself.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, certainly, it means that Q3 will be missing that incremental boost. It would have already happened, but that reality is incorporated into our total guidance for the year. And so it doesn't change our guidance, the fact that it moved from Q3 to Q2.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, I get the question now. I apologize for missing it before. The comment on $25 million improvement was focused on the 2 significant new markets of New Mexico and Arizona, that in those competitive arenas, we are confident of a year-over-year $25 million OI improvement. That $25 million then would become a factor in the aggregate HCP performance, which we're not commenting on now. We were just highlighting a delta in those 2 new markets.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, very fair question. In general, on the one hand, there is increased supply of competition, more and more people trying to do population health management. On the other hand, there has been a proportional increase in demand for the same. And so I don't think there's been any fundamental change in the demand-supply relationship, which is what really matters, and nor are things going to happen quickly or I should say, there will not be a lot of successes quickly. An awful lot of the people who are getting into this space or who've gotten into it in the last year or 2 or 3 are failing, if not on an absolute basis, on a relative basis. And so I think from a strategic point of view, the important thing is to maintain a differentiated better product, and in that context, there'll be no shortage of opportunities for the next 5 to 10 years.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Let me take a stab at it. You let me know if I'm not responding. We have some of the best Hospitalists operations in America now embedded within our existing markets and up to this point, have opted not to try to create what we might call a vertical and take certain capabilities outside of our legacy markets and sell them, market them, implement them on an isolated vertical basis. However, strategically, that is something we talk about regularly. Just up to this point, we've never opted to do it.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think one of the primary tenets of our answer to that question and one of the ways in which we're highly differentiated is that we believe putting the physicians in the spot of operating leadership is critical, and that's part of the legacy of HealthCare Partners, it's part of why we've been as successful as we've been. So I think that and investing in technology over the next 3, 5, 7 years, those are 2 of the primary components of the answer.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. On the biogenerics, we, of course, like any customer, like it when there's -- when our suppliers, whether they be vendors or partners, have competition. And so no surprise, we're in favor of there being new entrants into all products and drugs and biogenerics that we have to purchase. We're wildly in favor of that. And we will work with some companies bringing new stuff to the market if the terms make sense. And at the same time, we value very highly our historical relationship with Amgen and the clinical value of the drug that they provide. On the capital allocation, I think the way we've answered this best historically is to have people look in the rearview mirror and see that over 15 years, we've done a lot of different things in terms of our leverage ratio, in terms of buying back stock, in terms of paying down debt, in terms of changing the nature of our debt, in terms of investing in acquisitions and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And so I think we bring a pretty open mind to what is the right way to think about capital allocation that's very time-specific, fact-specific, et cetera, always trying to manage the risk-adjusted upside for our shareholders.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, there, we have the positive of some adjustments to what they were doing on risk adjustments versus the negative of reductions to the underlying rates. And so as we provide you with guidance for '15, there will be a netting of those 2 effects.
Kent J. Thiry: Who knows? I mean it's just so hard to predict what the government is going to do with -- if they compress acuity scoring, that hurts us because we have a lot of high acuity patients, and we think it would be a big mistake for the Medicare program to do that because you want to attract investment in the ill people and make them healthier, that's when the whole system works in a virtuously reinforcing way, clinically and economically. So if they compress acuity scoring, that's bad. On the other hand, of course, if they leave that the same but drop underlying overall rates, that's bad too. So we kind of have to wait and see where they come out.
Kent J. Thiry: I would not presume any acceleration. And in fact, in the last quarter, I, if anything, nudged expectations towards deceleration. But I think that the difficulty here is sort of the unit of measure. We are going to do some new things and then probably more new things next year and more the year after and so on. If you just use that as sort of the crude metric, those words are probably still true. However, the math on a lot of those things is going to be quite small in the early years, just like Tandigm is not something that's going to have a huge, immense impact for a whole bunch of reasons tied to our strategy with our partner. And so the number of things we do might be quite significant, but the math of it is very hard to predict and is probably not going to be as significant as the unit number.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't think it's a good idea to go into a huge amount of individual market detail. Again, we did want to convey that in the 2 new markets that have been consuming the most resources, we're looking at a very nice year-over-year improvement, '15 over '14, and the odds of that will happen are very high. And probably just leave it at that. As you do know, the government approved the acquisition by Blue Cross Blue Shield of the MA plan, and that's a good thing for us because it puts us back in network and our number of lives, our MA lives has gone up in a very nice fashion since then. But to start slicing and dicing it, I don't think is a good idea. The aggregate math is probably the best way to characterize it.
Kent J. Thiry: Off hand, I don't know, but it must be something in that ballpark. It's -- we have not provided a forecast of patient growth internationally for a reason because there's going to be too wide a range of outcomes at this point. We've been very pleased with the growth that's exceeded our expectations. And so I think we just have to stop there and keep on reporting it. But it's too -- there's too much uncertainty right now as you divide it across the 10 countries that we're operating in to allow us to give you a high confidence forecast.
Kent J. Thiry: We're quite excited about dual, strategically, and we have 1 contract buttoned up and signed and a few thousand lives already signed up. And at this point, we would estimate in that contract alone, we might very well end up with 10,000 or so. In addition, we're still in discussions with a couple of other parties. But even with this 1 contract, we're very excited that we're going to get an opportunity to develop some new muscles and demonstrate the power of some old ones. And so, so far that's playing itself out very, very nicely and hopefully going to lead to a lot of growth in the future.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, there've been intense negotiations. And as we've said consistently, the portfolio of contracts will be amended over time and, in general, where we come from, is making them more and more partnership-oriented, with aligned upside and downside as opposed to confrontational upside, downside or whatever is the opposite of aligned. And some payers are very philosophically open to that, others are not. Hence -- and in either case, there's intense negotiations as to what that means. So we've made some nontrivial progress, but the portfolio will take a while to resolve itself. And some parts will never be aligned. Just like in Kidney Care, when we stated that we wanted to move towards more bundled contracts in the private sector, we did so over 5 years, but still, to this day, are not to the point where every private contract is bundled.
Kent J. Thiry: No. It hasn't changed our views on that at all, which is to say, strategically, we are open to being a plan. If at any point that makes strategic sense and if we have the right relationships and contracts with existing plans that may never be necessary.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you, all, for your interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners, and we will do our best for you over the next 3 months. Have a good day.
