James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, I'll cover a few more dialysis operating metrics. Our non-acquired growth was 5%, when normalized for days of the week and our commercial mix improved slightly in the quarter. Our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was down $1.58 from the prior quarter, reflecting the impact of the 2% Medicare sequestration cut, which went into effect in April, partially offset by improved commercial mix. Our dialysis G&A per treatment was down $1.28 from the first quarter due primarily to seasonal fluctuations, including compensation expense. And during the quarter, we experienced $6 million in international losses, in line with our prior expectations. Now next, a comment about HCP. We've reduced the estimated fair value of the contingent liability with the HealthCare Partners earn-outs or 2013, creating a gain of $57 million, which is reflected in our operating income. We're adjusting the expected fair value of the earn-out based on the first half performance of HCP and the expected operating performance for the remainder of the year. We'll continue to value this liability each quarter until the earn-out is finalized. So we may continue to see some swings in the value -- if the value changes. As far as the overall enterprise goes, our debt expense was $108 million in the second quarter and this is consistent with what we've guided last quarter. This should be a good run rate for the remainder of the year. Our effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 39.5% in the quarter, excluding the accounting adjustment for the HCP earn-out. Note that we now expect a tax rate of between 39% to 40% for 2013, excluding the loss contingency reserve we recorded in Q1, as well as the HCP earn-out adjustment. Now turning to cash flow. Our operating cash flow was $307 million in the second quarter. We're raising the bottom end of our 2013 operating cash flow guidance and our current expectation is for operating cash flow to now be between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion for the year. This guidance excludes the impact of any legal settlements we may reach in the physician relationship investigations. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
James K. Hilger: Sure. Actually, you got to the numbers pretty much spot on, Gary. The -- when we acquired HCP in our purchase accounting, we had to estimate the fair value at that time. We had thought the likelihood that they would achieve their 2013 earn-out being quite high and we had initially valued it in purchase accounting at roughly the $125 million number. Our assessment at the end of the second quarter was it was more of a 50-50 matter and so the value of it is approximately 50% of the total earn-out, which is $137.5 million.
James K. Hilger: It's for 2013. If you recall in the original architecture of the transaction, there was a $275 million potential earn-out related to the achievement of EBITDA in 2012 and 2013. HCP achieved the earn-out in 2012 and that's been paid. And then in 2013, the other 50% of the $275 million is the opportunity for HCP and we are handicapping the likelihood that they'll achieve that at roughly 50%.
James K. Hilger: You're absolutely right. The states are all in a state of negotiation and discussion. California does seem committed to rolling out a modified dual eligible program, meaning -- modified, meaning smaller than everybody in the counties that were approved. There is still intense discussion that we're told about but not participating in between the states and CMS over how this will be reimbursed and where the responsibility will lie for certain risks. We believe we are well positioned if the revenue meets the risk to be a very active participant in the dual program in the 2 largest counties, Los Angeles and Orange County, that are going to have approximately 200,000 dually eligible patients in the program.
James K. Hilger: Well, we still expect our international losses to be in the range of $30 million for the year, and that's assuming that we don't do any large -- start up any large programs late in the year. If we do, then those numbers may change. But that's -- we were happy to see those losses trim down to $6 million in the quarter.
James K. Hilger: Yes. Gary, this is Jim. And those conversations are ongoing right now on the settlement. Our goal, as we said last quarter is to ensure that we have clarification and that is a level-playing field going forward. But to talk about the nature of those discussions doesn't make sense until we have clarity on that.
James K. Hilger: Yes, I mentioned this earlier in my prepared remarks. This is Jim Hilger, Frank. Our commercial mix in the quarter improved slightly.
James K. Hilger: No, that earn-out adjustment that we called out in our earnings release in our call today was related to the HCP acquisition, which closed in November of 2012, and just to make sure I got my numbers right, because I may have just supposed a number in there, we had initially recorded a fair value of approximately $125 million through our purchase accounting of HCP in that transaction. And that -- we have adjusted that by $57 million and are now -- the fair value that we are placing on that earn-out obligation is approximately $69 million. And I believe --
Kent J. Thiry: Fair question. Let me sort of stumble for a moment and then you come back and see if I've added any value. The -- right now, they are maintaining that they have a different interpretation of the legislation, and so that is a part of what is going on and we are asking for a more senior legal review based on the premise that, that hasn't happened yet and so that is potentially one variable. Based on what we've been told, it is one variable. And then second is, of course, just their overall view of the sector in a world where they want to find Medicare savings. And there, it's impossible to say for sure what their real view of our economics are. On the one hand, we know the facts are. We lose money on Medicare on average across America. On the other hand, they see that we and other providers are, in aggregate, successful. And so how much of what drove their preliminary recommendation or idea or proposal was driven by category A versus B, we can only speculate.
Kent J. Thiry: No. What they need to do is absorb the comments, which they are, and we're grateful for the fact that they're listening. They're hearing a lot from the kidney care community because there are a lot of people, big and small, that are worried about closing centers, restricting hours, et cetera, et cetera. So there's an awful lot of feedback being provided to them, which is exactly what they want in order to make their final decision, which they'll make in a couple of months after hearing from us and parts of Congress. And then depending on what happens, of course, we always have the recourse of trying to go to Congress if we feel we've been unfairly harmed, but we all know what a tortuous path that is.
Kent J. Thiry: We're not talking about an aggregate number because so much will be driven by what they ultimately decide. Suffice it to say, it won't be 0. I mean we are, first and foremost, a caregiving company, and a notion of closing a center where we're taking care of kidney care patients is pretty much an aftermath [ph] to us, which you can see by our track record. At the same time, at some point, the reimbursement has to be fair in covering the costs of those centers that don't have enough private patients in order to subsidize the government. We wish there was some magic wand where they could just increase Medicare reimbursement, where there aren't enough private patients to subsidize because that at least would be a move towards a more rational system. But right now, while we know the number won't be 0 for us, it won't be 0 for the industry. Nonetheless, we're not talking about an aggregate number because it would be totally speculative and it just hurts too much to even think about it.
Kent J. Thiry: No. Your words are exactly correct. As much as we think, both HealthCare Partners and Kidney Care have done very nice jobs in managing productivity and efficiency over time, you just can't stare at reimbursement cuts of this magnitude and do nothing. It just doesn't make sense just as you wouldn't do nothing in your family household and suddenly your income was dramatically impaired. So we will be looking at every single expense and I'm confident we'll find some savings. Right now, we can't put a number on it. And unfortunately, it’s not going to be big enough to change the fact that we're going to take quite a hit.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I'll let Bob comment on the hospice and cancer center acquisitions. But before he does that, as to the new market muscle, it's pretty straightforward, which is HealthCare Partners had and has an amazing track record in the 3 legacy markets clinically, economically, patient service, patient satisfaction, physician satisfaction, HEDIS ratings, star rating, et cetera. They focused on those 3 markets and did beautiful things on all those dimensions. They did not go out into new markets. They did not go out and do different models and so it's a new thing. And I think we're making steady, not impressive, but steady progress in building that capability. Cannot, at this point, translate that into numbers for you. The pipeline is very robust. Because of our capabilities on that side of the house, lots of folks are interested in working with us, and so that's wonderful news. Exactly how long it will take us to develop all the right capabilities of transferring those capabilities and implementing them with partners, right now, we just can't put the kind of number on that, that you would legitimately want. But let me go ahead and turn to Bob for the hospice and oncology, and then you can come back at me if you'd like.
Kent J. Thiry: And Matt, I think it's time for us to go to someone else. You probably should try to stick to that normal convention of 1 to 2 questions each and then back in the queue, if that's okay.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. It's a fair question and I don't know that we -- if we ask everyone in the room or in the rooms that question, you'd get the same answer because I think different people had different expectations. Overall, if you look at the expectations we talked about when we made the announcement of the combination, we still have a shot of being on track with that here in the first couple of years, which we always said were years that had some headwinds, both because of the integration of the 2 companies and because of what was going to go on in the reimbursement environment. So I think, in that sense, there is no surprise. But then if you ask, have we performed superbly, excellently, medium, average or terribly? Unfortunately, we're not yet operating at the excellent level just because it is a new muscle. So I think how you net those 2 facts together, we're probably a little bit behind in capability and still okay in the game with respect to the numbers themselves because for the first x quarters of our time after the announcement, the operating performance was so much stronger than we expected.
Kent J. Thiry: It's primarily a resource question and you can't, of course, just go out and hire 2 people and have them be wonderful at day 1 or 20 people and you can't suddenly take 10 people and shift them from one job to another. So it's all the normal nitty-gritty operating stuff. But at the core of it is just having enough of the right bodies in order to deliver that which we know how to deliver with partners who want us to deliver it. So lots of good news if we can drive ourselves to a new level of capability quickly.
Kent J. Thiry: It's a fair question, Justin, and I guess, when you cite the facts as you just did and as we have, it's clear that they made some decisions that we really wish they hadn't and in particular, in a couple of cases, really affecting our ability to take the quality of care and the effectiveness of each taxpayer dollar to a whole nother new level so it's profoundly frustrating. I don't think there's been any big change in our effectiveness as a community or how we're viewed as a community. Maybe some change because sometimes when a couple of companies are successful then they become more tempting targets. But that -- also, we don't want to throw out at some sort of convenient excuse if we're not doing the right job of advocacy and doing it the right number of years ahead of time. So I -- as you know, it's kind of unanswerable question because there's so many different people in CMS. There's so many different people in Congress. There's so many different people in MedPAC. I -- I'm kind of stumbling here. So I think it's a fair question and certainly, we haven't done as well the last couple of years as we did the prior 10. But I don't think it's because of a dramatic shift in either of those 2 areas. But if someone asserted there had been some shift, I certainly couldn't prove them wrong.
Kent J. Thiry: So let me take a shot at that and perhaps Matthew will chime in as well. We do not generally need to renegotiate the contracts based on benefit changes because we prenegotiated that material benefit changes that have financial impact will be re-adjudicated and the benefit change is often just member responsibility or beneficiary responsibility versus plan. So we have the opportunity if there is a shift of copayments, et cetera, to the beneficiary to collect that directly, which has a bit of a neutral offset. So significant benefit changes that were detrimental to us would in almost all of our contracts require a negotiation, which, since we are major providers to the health plan and they have been traditionally excellent partners, I would say has low probability of the terminations that you suggested.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I don't think we want to go into too much detail on one market and some of the competitive dynamics. It's just not in your best interest. But suffice it to say, when a leading physician group and a leading hospital get into a battle, it's expensive. And it's because of what happens with volume, what happens to the rates, what happens with referral patterns, what happens with also administrative expenses, legal expenses, PR expenses, lobbying expenses, so you put all those together and it means that everybody is distracted and not doing as well financially.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. And I think I know we've not disclosed that and, at least for now, won't disclose it. In some cases, it's a tricky analysis because a center that loses money is part of a broader network of centers where we're strongly affiliated with a particular physician group or hospital and so talking about the losses of a particular center in the form of an exact number is kind of tricky in exactly what would happen if you closed it. And then many other centers are just much more pure-play, independent centers that lose money. So for right now, we've not gone through the exercise of trying to segment them into the different categories. We're just focused on looking at which ones we would very sadly have to close if reimbursement made that a necessity.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, in general, our position is that our commercial rates are commercial rates and exchanges are commercial patients and commercial enterprises. And as to the impact of exchanges, overall, of course, you know that nobody -- anybody who forecast that with uncertainty should not be trusted. But what we said, in general, is that if you look at the number of additional insured patients we might have but weren't insured before and the rates that they will be reimbursed at versus patients that are currently reimbursed high and move to an exchange where, for some reason, because of a change in plan or something else or plan design, have a lower reimbursement rates, that the net of those 4 different vectors, we think, for us is more likely to be a negative than a positive. But that's just repeating the same thing we've said for 2 years now. And beyond that, like everyone else, we're watching what's going on in every state and don't know what's going to happen. I do think -- I appreciate the questions and we can come back to you again a little bit later in the queue, if that's okay.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's exactly right. The sequential decline from Q1 was because we had bad rates in one arrangement and it wasn't going to change. In fact, it was going the wrong direction and so we exited. It just didn't make sense and it's so important, as you know, to maintain rate discipline.
Kent J. Thiry: Don't think that's a good idea for you, for us to get into too many individual market competitive dynamics. More often than that, that can actually impair our ability to execute on our strategy and do the arrangements that you want us to as much more likely than helping us.
Kent J. Thiry: Before Bob or Matthew answer that, let me just go back because I was being a little tentative in one of my answers and I now know I don't need to be that, with respect to rates and exchanges, up to this point, for health plans that want access to our network where we've agreed on them having access to our network, we've been successful in getting commercial rates. That is the dominant reality in that sphere. And then I'll go back to one thing that Justin brought up too before they answer the question, which is, parts of that -- what was a little puzzling and surprising about the ESCO announcement is that very senior people at CMS, and I mean very senior, expressed a real desire to have integrated care happen for a lot more Medicare patients in the Kidney Care program. And to get a proposal back that's so inconsistent with that was -- is a little bit puzzling, although we've got our hypotheses. But now, as to the answer to your question, I'll turn to Bob or Matthew.
Kent J. Thiry: The answer is they will push back on rates as aggressively as they always have and as we would if we were in their chairs. Now having said that, the laws of gravity can't be disputed. And if we take a reimbursement cut, that means we and all sorts of dialysis providers will have to draw a different line in the sand in trading off price versus volume because you can't survive otherwise. So they will push as vigorously as they always have. However, a cut does mean that everybody has to be even stronger in their resistance to that because it's so important.
Kent J. Thiry: We would love to. There's a whole bunch of structural obstacles to our being able to do that. However, we think about it every year because we know we have such a powerful value proposition to bring to bear. It's just that there's not a clear rifle shot, nothing close to it, in terms of an ability to have that manifest itself in a commercially, reasonable and sustainable way.
Kent J. Thiry: And then on the dual side for Kidney Care, about half of our patients are duals. And so to the extent any of them become a part of other programs that are risk programs, we become a very attractive subcontractor to whoever has the global risk. Having said that, there's been a lot of talk about duals for a while and the pace at which stuff is happening is pretty slow.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, we hope. They're only a couple of decisions away but you never know when they're going to be made. I think that the net for you guys is -- the good news is the long-term potential is immense and quite sustainable because there's so much waste. But predicting when they're going to actually make final decisions and implement and how much the architecture will really reflect the need to create rational incentives for people to make the big investments, predicting those 2 things is sort of a level of speculation we're not comfortable with.
Kent J. Thiry: Boy, I don't know how to answer. We certainly can't move G&A down quarter-by-quarter based on a retroactive recognition of what happened on the reimbursement side and utilization side. And so first, with respect to whatever happened coincidentally this quarter, I don't think want to draw any broad conclusions from that as to our ability to juggle these things. Second, are we going to look for SG&A savings in 2014 versus '13? On both sides of the house, the answer is yes. So the -- we will not come back to you with a 0 answer on that. Just on the HCP side, it's not going to be enough to offset all the cuts. In the Kidney Care side, we don't know yet if we have a cut to offset. But certainly, the one proposed would be impossible to come anywhere close to offsetting it.
Kent J. Thiry: John, Bob and Matthew will answer. But before they do, let me just announce that I've got a conversation booked with a former government official. It's important I go do that. The rest of the team will be here to continue to take questions. And if in any instance there's a question where someone feels that my perspective is important beyond that which the team offered, we can take care of that over the next week or 2. So thank you all for your consideration and interest in us, and we will do our best here in the quarters and years to come. But now, Bob and Matthew, the question.
Robert J. Margolis: It's an interesting question. Certainly, there are acquisitions related to new doctors, new IPAs, medical groups, new markets and that's, perhaps, what you think of when you think of acquisitions. But first and foremost, we're a caregiving company and the opportunity to manage and coordinate the full continuum of care is an important driver in the clinical results that we want of all of our systems. And so a hospice acquisition made a lot of sense because of the opportunity in Las Vegas to coordinate the very difficult time of life, the end-of-life care in a fully seamless and compassionate way relative to the continuum of care. And likewise, cancer care or an earlier cardiology acquisition that you may have mentioned, or similarly, so that we could have the full integrated services delivered to our patient, the populations we serve in that market. We may do similar things in other markets where a buy-versus-build decision pushes us in that direction.
Robert J. Margolis: Justin, Bob Margolis here. We won't know that, unfortunately, until the plans officially are approved by CMS and that's not until the October timeframe. So as you may know, the plans hold, fairly close to the vest, their decisions on benefits for competitive reasons, give us some indications that they may or may not be moving to greater beneficiary responsibility and we continue to estimate, as we said before, that perhaps, half of that allowable portion of the MA cuts could be mitigated through benefit changes but we do not have new information at this point.
Robert J. Margolis: That is generally a true statement. I wouldn't say we did not have significant conversations and input with our plan partners, more with the ones where we have our large penetration in their membership and less when we have a smaller penetration. But ultimately, for competitive reasons, they make decisions about margin versus market share that are broader than their relationship just with us.
Robert J. Margolis: Nothing specific to add on utilization. There is volatility as Kent described in quarter-to-quarter numbers in HealthCare Partners. In the second quarter, we had higher-than-anticipated utilization. There's a variety of reasons why that happens but I don't think it's useful to go into great detail on that. And so long-term trend, we were higher than expected with our great expectation that our coordinated care services and attention to detail will get us back on trend.
Robert J. Margolis: I think this was a one -- a quarterly issue. And I think, overall, our utilization trends compare very favorably with what you're seeing in the market. We did have, which ultimately we believe will be good news, significant new member growth, which Kent described in those new members often come in with deferred health care needs, which, of course, we take care of as quickly as we can. So I think that may play a part of it. I'm not going to -- as you saw, a 20% year-over-year growth in MA in our legacy markets is very substantial and hopeful signs for future margins on that patient volume.
Robert J. Margolis: Well, we certainly believe so and hope so. The attractiveness, we believe, of a patient- and physician-centric clinical model is very attractive to physicians everywhere. And as you referenced, the robustness of our pipeline is not just physician groups that we are talking to but payers that would like our model to be translated into markets that they have significant market share, shared participation arrangements with hospitals that are trying to learn how to take on and manage risk. And so I think there's a much broader universe than just the relative number of physician groups up for sale, some of whom will gravitate towards highest price and some of them towards sort of cultural alignment.
Robert J. Margolis: I think that's a fair statement and why Kent referenced the significant work we're doing to build the, as he puts it, the muscles of our business development team, using a lot of the growth and knowledge and experience of our DaVita teammates, who have done these for years successfully, and the HealthCare Partner capabilities translated into coordinated and accountable care in many, many more markets where, we believe, the country is moving inexorably away from fee-for-volume to fee-for-value.
Robert J. Margolis: So let me speak to the 200,000. That 200,000 currently fee-for-service dually eligible patients, that will be eligible and will be assigned to a managed Medicaid and presumably, a managed Medicare program. So that's where the population helps the health care partner piece potentially in the future.
Robert J. Margolis: I think the quick and easy answer is that the health plans have not been faced with this type of cut in the last many years, and so they're all reacting as well. And not being a health plan executive, I can't pretend to say what they're doing in their -- inside of their offices, but I think reflecting the past comments, they are trying to assess the market position relative to their competitors and whether they're going to lose market share if they trim benefits too much versus gain market share and have lower margins if they don't. And the fact is CMS puts some limits on how much they could push these benefit changes down to the beneficiary. The good news is that in the markets we serve, there remains a considerable difference between the value proposition for MA and Medicare fee-for-service and that none of our markets even have a MA premium, for instance, where that is prevalent in some of the lower-paid markets that you might be aware of. So there is a fair amount of room to maintain growth and continue at being a good product, even if some benefit changes to the beneficiaries are in the direction that the beneficiaries would rather not see.
Robert J. Margolis: Well, as -- I think it's a great question and a business opportunity. As you may now, in all of our markets, we are capitated with our major health plans. So when they make that kind of comment, it's not relative to the more sophisticated organizations such as HealthCare Partners, but to other parts of the country where they've not been able to find capable risk-bearing physician organizations. And of course, that is the formula that we plan to use to offer up to accountable organizations elsewhere. So when Humana or others talk to us about new market entry, it's very specifically because of the problem that they're trying to address, which is they would like to go to capitated relationships. To align the incentives, we're recognizing in capitated relationships the incentives are to keep the patients well, healthy, delay or prevent chronic disease, avoidable admissions, readmissions and the like, whereas fee-for-service, those incentives do not exist and it's one of the main drivers of the health care cost conundrum the country faces.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Sure. We have topped the 80,000 mark. And as Kent said, a number of the other organizations and coalitions have letter-writing campaigns and advocacy campaigns and those numbers are getting quite significant as well. So very good, uniform effort through the community.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, this is LeAnne. Yes, let me take that. Hey, no, the MedPAC analysis is based on the cost reports that we file. As Kent mentioned, one of the most significant drivers of our difference is the, let's call it, uncompensated care bucket, the unreimbursed coinsurance, which is therefore also not reimbursed through the bad debt policies. And so our biggest concern about any analysis that's done by the government, whether that be MedPAC or CMS itself, is that they're presumption is that primarily that the co-pay is 100% collected and it's not.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Correct, that's a fair point. There's some other costs in the cost report, which are not recognized as we take exception for. But as a vehicle of how they do analysis, they strictly maintain the cost report filing data and don't consider these other factors.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, this is LeAnne. The commonality of those facilities are that they are high Medicare, Medicaid share. So that could be a very inner city units and it can be the very rural units. Both of those frequently do not have sufficient private pay patients to cross-subsidize the Medicare shortfall.
