Joel Ackerman: Thank you, Javier. Let me start by providing our Q3 enterprise results for revenue, adjusted operating margins and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to DaVita. We generated $2.9 billion of revenue in the quarter, an increase of 2% over Q3, 2018. As a reminder in Q3 2018, DaVita Rx contributed approximately $100 million of revenue. Our adjusted operating income was $462 million resulting in adjusted operating margin of 15.9%, which includes approximately $74 million related to calcimimetics. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to DaVita was $1.53. Now let me walk you through some of the underlying drivers starting with the components of the U.S. dialysis and lab segment. Non-acquired growth for the third quarter was 2.2% effectively flat compared to NAG in the prior two quarters. While we believe, we are starting to see some progress in the leading indicators of NAG, it's too early to give any guidance on the timing or magnitude of potential improvement. Revenue per treatment was down sequentially by $0.56, driven by normal quarterly fluctuations in revenue. We continue to expect RPT for the full year to be in line with our guidance of up 0% to 1% compared to 2018. Combined patient care costs and dialysis and lab segment G&A were up approximately $1 per treatment quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by higher compensation and benefits costs offset by lower calcimimetics acquisitions costs. Focusing on calcimimetics. We generated operating income from calcimimetics of approximately $74 million this quarter, as ASP remained relatively flat over Q2, while acquisition prices fell significantly. Revenue per treatment and cost per treatment for calcimimetics were $14.54 and $4.87 respectively. For full year 2019, we now expect to generate approximately $220 million in profit from calcimimetics. Now turning to international. For the quarter, adjusted operating income was approximately $1 million including an FX gain of $3 million and excluding an $84 million goodwill impairment to our German operations. For the full year, we continue to expect to generate positive adjusted operating income, excluding goodwill impairments and currency adjustments. Our effective tax rate on adjusted income attributable to DaVita from continuing operations for the quarter was 27.6%. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate attributable to DaVita for the full year to be between 28.5% and 29.5%. Now on to cash flow. In the third quarter, operating cash flow from continuing operations was $648 million and our newly defined free cash flow was $437 million. DSOs for the U.S. dialysis and lab business declined sequentially by three days to 60 days in Q3 2019 in line with the improvement we forecasted early in 2019 and back to the level it was at this time last year. CapEx for the quarter was $173 million. We are revising full year CapEx guidance down by $60 million to $740 million to $780 million. Two primary factors are driving the change. First, we managed down our spend on de novo clinics; and second, we delayed spend on some self-development projects that will shift into 2020. We expect to see continued progress on reducing CapEx in 2020. Since Capital Markets Day, we purchased an additional 8.9 million shares at an average price of $58.90 per share. As a result of these purchases, we've reduced our share count by approximately 36.9 million shares or 22% since the close of the DMG transaction. I'll conclude with some comments on our guidance range. As Javier referenced, we're increasing our adjusted operating income guidance for the year to $1.74 billion to $1.77 billion which includes our expectation of approximately $220 million of operating income from calcimimetics. We're also increasing our operating cash flow guidance from continuing operations for 2019 to $1.525 billion to $1.675 billion. For 2020 we're planning to give full guidance next quarter. In the interim we are updating the 2020 adjusted EPS guidance we gave at our Capital Markets Day in September. As a reminder, our guidance at Capital Markets Day was $5 to $5.50 per share and excluded any costs associated with ballot initiatives in 2020. At that time, we did not know if there would be any ballot initiatives introduced. Now that we know there is one being proposed, we've decided to incorporate the current estimated cost of opposing the initiative in our adjusted EPS range. Even after adding in this additional cost, we're increasing the range by $0.25 to $5.25 to $5.75 per share. As a reminder, this range incorporates the estimated impact of AB 290. Operator, let's now open the line for questions.
Joel Ackerman: It's -- there's -- I'd say there's a bit of noise in the system. The reduction -- I wouldn't read anything material into the reduction.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so I would say there certainly might be a little bit of profit. There could be a little bit of loss. There's some noise in the system associated with bad debt that we may not get reimbursed for and some other costs. So I don't think you'll see a big number in either side of zero, but I think zero is a reasonable starting point.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So year-over-year pharma costs did come down and that is an important driver. Sequentially it's not -- there's very little difference between Q2 and Q3 as it relates to Epo.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So Kevin, I think the best way to think about the change in 2020 is a better share count number to some extent offset by the ballot initiative costs. As you would imagine there are a bunch of moving pieces in there, and we're not ready to give 2020 guidance yet. Our budget isn't finished. So there are other moving pieces. But if you want to think about the dominant dynamics, it's share count driving it up offset by ballot initiatives driving it down.
Joel Ackerman: It could trend down a bit. It's hard to know. Because of the trajectory of ASP, it's hard to figure out some of the cost issues. But I'd say it's fair to say zero for the full year trending down from a little bit positive at the beginning, potentially a little bit negative towards the end.
Joel Ackerman: Kevin, I think that's a reasonably fair way to look at it. There is a little bit of cost relating to LTIP that is elevated as a result of calcimimetics. So, you can think about that in different ways. You could attribute it to calcimimetics. You could say it's noise in the comp line as we always have noise in the comp line, but I think yours is a reasonably good starting point.
Joel Ackerman: So, I start thinking about our share buyback philosophy, thinking about our leverage range and our comments about intrinsic value and all that kind of stuff. If your question is narrow, how much excess cash is on the balance sheet right now net of the buybacks that have happened since September 30, I think your math is pretty spot on.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So, I'll tell you, it's a tough number to predict from where we are right now. That said, I think, that's a reasonable number to start with. As we've kind of played with it, we would say kind of a max of $0.50 a share -- $0.50 of EPS would be the maximum impact that we're looking at right now. But again, it's still pretty early to try and put a definitive range around that.
Joel Ackerman: Justin, let's come back to this question in a couple of minutes. There are some heads nodding yes and some heads nodding no. So we'll do some quick math here and I'll come back to you in a couple of minutes.
Joel Ackerman: On cost per treatment, just from nursing? Pito, I don't have that number. I don't think we've ever disclosed anything anywhere near that level of granularity.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So Pito, I'm thinking about year-over-year. So not in the quarter specifically and I think it year-over-year gives you a cleaner number takes out some of the noise. As we think about patient care costs, our expectations are we'll come inside the guidance range, which is remember up 0.5% to 1%. And if you think about how do we get there, it's comp pressure. So maybe that's what you're asking about and that comp pressure comes largely in the form of wage rate pressure and that's offset by the Epo decline. I mean, there are a bunch of other things going on in there. But at a very high level, I think that's a reasonable way of thinking about it, but year-over-year the cost per treatment is up not down.
Joel Ackerman: So, I mean, we've -- I guess, we've talked about this before in terms of the pressure that can come on admissions growth if you're running labor too efficiently. And you can think about it as max capacity. You can think about it as shifts being full and the pressure to not open a new shift, because of the negative impact that can have on labor productivity. So that's a dynamic that we're keeping a careful eye on. I wouldn't necessarily attribute it to any specific market, but the dynamic you're calling out is certainly one that we're keeping a careful eye on.
Joel Ackerman: Yes Gary, we -- I'd say two ways to think about it. One is using what we spent in 2018 as a potential proxy. The second is we were thinking if you want to think about it on an earnings per share basis, we would say $0.50 impact on 2020 would be at a kind of a max.
Joel Ackerman: I expect we will. I think we'll -- we're trying to develop a pattern of calling out things that are unusual like calcimimetics and the ballot initiatives. So the answer is, yes. I do want to remind everyone on the call that the spend on the ballot initiatives is not tax deductible. So as you're modeling the impact on EPS keep that in mind.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, so Gary, I don't think we gave a specific calcimimetics number at the beginning of the year. If I were to think about a number for early year calcimimetics, I think your number is a bit high. So if you're trying to say of the OI increase from the beginning of the year, how much of that is the result of calcimimetics. And therefore, what's been the -- what's our thinking about core OI now relative to the beginning of the year, I think it is safe to say that the vast majority of the increase is the result of calcimimetics. Core OI is up a bit, but not a lot.
Joel Ackerman: Not really. It's relatively small. And I think they're -- it's not something I would call out as a significant headwind or tailwind going from 2019 to 2020.
Joel Ackerman: Hey, Justin, it's Joel. I'll take this. On the narrow question of vesting, it vest 50% at the end of year three and 50% at the end of year four. There is no performance vesting. I think, the concept here is creating a premium price is effectively what's used to ensure that Javier gets significant value when the shareholders get significant value. And that's really what the Board was trying to create here was an alignment of incentives between the new CEO and the long-term shareholders of the company. And I think there was a lot of support as we went out to talk to shareholders. And I would add this will be put to a vote by the shareholders so all the shareholders would get the opportunity to approve this. So really the guiding principle here was aligning incentives for the new CEO, for the long-term shareholders. And I would -- one other point, I'd highlight is that there is a five-year holding period here. So this isn't about driving the stock price up towards a single or two separate vesting events. Javier has to hold the stock that he gets here for five years. 
Javier Rodriguez: There's a couple of things that we look at Kevin. But in essence, what we're doing is we're monitoring that the right shifts and the right capacity is going online in our centers and that our admissions execution are -- we're monitoring the demand into our centralized missions and that's looking to stabilize right there.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, Pito, this is Javier. The mix is roughly 12% PD and a little below that 2% on HHD. So we're a little below the 14% if you combine the two modalities. The PD is growing at a nice healthy trend and it's similar to what it was before we had the shortage. And so there is clearly an interest in making sure that the patients go to the right modality, but we've seen this in years in the past. 
Javier Rodriguez: Yes it's going to be very interesting to see how it plays out and then of course there are different categories. In some instances the patients will be able to get funding in some other way. And in some instances they're going to lose their coverage. And so we're trying to do math around it and that's why we try to be helpful with the range that we provided and we embedded in our guidance. But the reality is is that we've never been in a situation like this and that's why the range is a bit wide. 
Javier Rodriguez: Not that we are aware of. Of course we are pursuing all options. Some might qualify for Medicare and other things. So that's why the math is a little tricky and again the range is a bit wide. 
Javier Rodriguez: You're directionally – sorry, Gary, you're directionally correct on the math that you said. A couple things to call out as well is as our volumes decrease, we did a great job of adjusting and I think we explained the interdependencies between sometimes having labor and volume, and the correlation of managing both of those pieces. So we did go up over 2Q. And we do -- with what we're seeing we expect it to go up even further in Q4, as we're seeing the hiring numbers. And the training costs for the fourth quarter.
Javier Rodriguez: The reality Justin is, that we had a bit of a disruption with the shortage of supply. So it's hard to connect. But pre-supply shortage, we were running around the same rates, that we are now, which are in the low double digits, so anywhere between 12% -- sorry 10% and 13% on PD. The HHD has been more in the flattish range. So the people that fall out are roughly replaced with the newcomers.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, they're different than they were a couple years ago because we had the shortage. And then of course you have to staff up. And you got to tell people that you're ready in. You got to get the market to be confident that you can supply it et cetera. And so, we are actually quite energized by how quickly the market reacted. And how much interest there is. And again, I think with what we said in Capital Markets, it's also not looking like there's going to be transformational but rather evolutionary change.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, thanks, John. In general I think you've stated we had some issues on understanding what happened with the exchanges in relation to our industry and the economics of the dialysis industry. I've gone on, on a CEO roadshow with several of the largest payers and continue to reach out to many to make sure that; A, they understand the dynamics and the framework that we have and how unique it is. Two, I want to make sure that they're clear that we are very, very into long-term, sort of, value arrangement and that we are open to being creative in a new structure that we are not married to some kind of fee-for-service old structure. That we are confident that we are the best to be the primary care for our patients because of the amount of time they spend with us and all the comorbidities conditions that we can impact and that we can structure something that is both good for the patient, good for the payers, and good for us. And so that's why we're excited to build the capabilities of integrated care. That message is resonating. But as you know it takes two to dance and it's a complicated systems, arrangements, and math to make sure that you get holistic cost across a commercial population, et cetera to establish benchmarks and trends, so they can do good risk arrangement. So, we're up and running. I think the conversations will take years. So, you're not going to wake up one day and say, wow, there was a tectonic shift. I might be wrong in that, but it looks like it will be a slower transition, but the payers are reacting quite well to it.
Javier Rodriguez: Yes, our physicians are actually quite reasonable in that what they want to do is make sure they do what's right for the patient. And they really worry about what's right for the patient and what's right for the system, and they're very independent in their nature and in their thinking. And so what we have to do is make sure that we put the right science and the right specific and the right analytics, so they could train and encourage the right patients to go home. And once we do that the doctors are quite onboard to do whatever is right for the patient and the system. So, we're working on that. And of course we have thousands of them so it takes some time. And as you said some are more bullish and some would want to wait to see how it plays out.
Javier Rodriguez: We are and the industry is actually very well-aligned including MedPAC. So, there's a lot of comments out there that try to make sure that people understand how these work. If I were to use -- something to be useful for you Matt is they're a little like -- the frameworks are a little like the ESCOs and then more complicated. And so we now have experience on how surprising it is and let's call it difficult to understand how and what you're going to get paid because of benchmark changes and there's little visibility to it. So, imagine adding all that risk but now you have a physician practice instead of a well-capitalized corporation. And so physician practice would have to be out-of-pocket and not know exactly what its cash flows would be. And so that's really an uncomfortable position for a small business. And so we have a lot of more detail, but in general, I think that's a good healthy way to think about it.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, I want to close out by thanking all of you. We will continue to work hard for you and for our patients. Talk to you next quarter.
Joel DaVita: Yes. Well we didn't comment on commercial mix. There's not a lot to talk about. Q3 tends to be seasonally a little bit weaker because of Medicare open enrollment but nothing significant. 
Joel DaVita: So the ending share count at the end of Q3 was just under 134 million, 133.9 million. Remember that excludes the shares we bought back since the quarter ended.
Joel DaVita: I'm sorry. Before the next question, Justin I want to get back to you. It's always hard to compare ranges. But roughly speaking, I think you can think of our share count forecast being down about 10% relative to what we talked about at Capital Markets Day.
