Javier Rodriguez: Most yes, but there was some in Q3 as well. So I would think of Q3 as 55 million and if you take the number we gave for COVID, for the full year, what would be left is about 85 million for Q4.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so what we've seen in mortality is a pickup in Q3 to about 2000 excess mortality. Remember, we were below 500 in Q2, and there's no doubt that Delta surge has come on bigger than we expected. And we expect that to continue into Q4 a bit. So if you look at - if you're trying to triangulate in on growth, what you see for the quarter, Q3 over Q2 is treatment growth per day that's down a bit that's largely the result of the excess mortality. Also, there were more Tuesday, Thursday, Saturdays than Monday, Wednesday, Fridays, and that was about a 300 treatment per day headwind in the quarter as well. So that's the - those are the numbers behind it. In terms of the financial impact from COVID, what you're seeing is definitely the excess mortality that hits in Q3, it hits even harder in Q4. You're also seeing some increase in mistreatments, which we've seen in prior surges and we're anticipating in Q4 again, and then you also see some increased labor costs associated with cohorting and stuff like that. So that's how I'd lay out the impact of mortality and other things on COVID in Q3 and Q4.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, so I would think of the 75 is coming in two forms, either one-time or seasonal pickups. The one-time things, I call out are some comp bonus type stuff and then training is up when we hire new teammates that tends to lead to a higher training number. So those are the one-time things in the 75 and then there are some seasonal items. There's a seasonal benefit impact in Q4, and also a seasonal increase in G&A. Those are things we tend to see in most years and they're a bit exaggerated this year, as a result of the patterns resulting from COVID. But to get to your fundamental question of what's a good jumping off point, for next year, I think the full year number for 2021 is a reasonable baseline off of which to jump off for next year. If you took Q4 and adjusted for the 75 million, you'd get to about the same spot.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So I'll start with a caveat that 2023 is a long way away and we're even cautious about talking about '22, given the uncertainty. So I wouldn't think of this as guidance but just some reasonable estimates to help you think things through. So on IKC, I think a $50 million reversal of the headwind we're seeing in '22 is a reasonable way to think about '23. So basically, winding up in '23, about where we are in '21. COVID is really, really hard to think about. That said, if you assume that COVID disappears at some point next year. I think the right way to think about it, and now I'm bridging basically from '21 to '23 is we've got a $70 million sequestration suspension. That becomes a tailwind, right. We're getting all of that in '21 that goes away in '22 and stays away forever, so there's a $70 million headwind there. We've got roughly a comparable number of net expenses associated with COVID. Think about labor, think about the increased spend on PPE, with some offset related to T&E primarily and that net number is a $70 million number today, so as that dissipates, what you've really got is effectively a tailwind from that, that offsets the headwind from sequestration and what you're left with is mortality. And mortality today is on a run rate basis, somewhere in the $240 million number and what we would expect is over some long period of time, four, five, six, seven years for that number to go to zero. So as that $240 million headwind we've got today dissipates, then you would see that coming back into earnings over time. So that's the COVID story.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah. So, Kevin, first of all, you might be right and I think there's likely to be a tail to it, right. And we don't know how long that tail is but there is certainly a very reasonable scenario where most of that bounce back comes out - comes back quicker, certainly quicker than seven years and potentially quicker than four years. So it probably doesn't come back evenly over whatever number you choose and I think there's reasonable logic to say you get more early on in that period, and the tail gets a little thin towards the end. So I say you could be right in terms of getting most of it in three years.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. Well, right now, what we're seeing is that more patients are reviewing their insurance and selecting MA and so if you were to look at the broader population, I think the last number I saw in non-kidney is around 43% of patients are choosing MA our number is now getting close to that, we're roughly around 41%. And so as MA grows, of course, that's likely to be a big feeder into the risk because those plans are coming to us and wanting to contract. As it relates to the government, we are in the final stages here of sizing the practices that are really going to enroll and therefore attribute their patient but our estimates have been both doubling roughly from what we have now and we'll give you information as it plays out.
Javier Rodriguez: Yeah, I think it's specific by payer, it's quite customized, as we all know, payers have different strategies and different cadences as to where they put their focus. Again, the range of contracts and structures from anywhere from fee for service, paid to performance, gain shared, shared risk, all the way to full risk is basically customized by payer. So the cadence is really customized, we're ready to go and so we're talking to them and there's nothing really interesting to report on timing, per se. It's steady and constant.
Javier Rodriguez: I'd say yes, on the 700 million of excess cash. Look, we clearly been buyers of the stock. We bought more than usual, since the last earnings call. As we've said in the past, we're not agnostic on price. If we'd like to price, we will buy more.
Javier Rodriguez: Sure. So on labor timing, I don't think we have a particular view about the macro economy in the labor market, and how that's going to play out. So I don't have anything to add there. IKC, I think you'll see a lot of that starting in the beginning of the year, you'll actually start seeing some of that in Q4, but it certainly could build up over the course of the year. If the ballot initiative is similar to what we've seen historically, it's plays out largely in Q3, although there can be pieces in other quarters. The depreciation number I've talked about is probably likely to be more of a back half of the year event, you might see some in Q2, but it'll be back end loaded. And COVID is complicated, the sequestration, assuming it goes away will happen on 1/1, so there'll be a big hit are related to that, starting in January, how exactly the other costs rollout, hard to predict. Although net-net, you'd probably see that improving as the year goes on, although not that big a number. And I'm not sure how to even help you with the mortality figure. Historically, even when mortality comes down, it still accumulates. Next year, if there is no winter wave and COVID overall begins to go away, I think you'd expect to see that starting to improve over the course of the year. I hope that helps.
Javier Rodriguez: Let me grab the first part and then Joel can supplement. First in case it's useful, Medicare has a basket update and the way it's calculated is not looking at pure dialysis and what's happening to cost either retrospective or prospectively. Rather, there's an economic firm that forecasts inflation and then they subtract what they call a productivity adjustment, which in essence, is a 10 year average that's trying to measure the efficiency of the economy. So as you can imagine, that's got some complexity. As it relates to the commercial business, the way it's done is usually through a negotiated way. And so every single one of them is negotiated individually, and the timing tends to be effective whenever the contract was signed. And so if you think of a contract that was signed in February, usually, the annual escalator would be done in February of the next year. That's the most traditional way of doing it. Of course, there can be other ways that have a pay for performance or other mechanisms. But in general, that's how that works. As it relates to your second question on CKCC, the short answer is we don't know. For right now, it's a CMMI pilot and so it's authorized for two years. Of course, the intent is to try it out and see if it's effective and if it works for the system and if we're doing well by the patient and then I would assume that then Medicare would try to extend it. We try to think of a world where hopefully, you get to somewhere in that 30,000 patients in one way or another being through MA or a CMMI vehicle but we will see.
Javier Rodriguez: Well, let me just grab the high level and then Joel, you can separate with numbers. The best way to think of the ESCO is actually not that they were profitable, but what the non-dialysis savings are actually quite good. But then of course, you have to apply the operating model and then you have to load the G&A. And now in the model that we have, we also have to share with partners and so that's how the number sort of trickles down and you have to get to scale. And so a good way of thinking is that once you do all that and you go through all those iterations, you probably will get to a low-single digit OI number and depending if you're grabbing non-dialysis, I would think of it somewhere in the 3-ish percent or so if you're thinking of the entire number, it's 1.5 or so because it's roughly half dialysis and half the other - the other non-dialysis costs. But in the ESCOs, when you fully load them, we didn't make money, rather, people were measuring whether it was effective at reducing non-dialysis costs.
Javier Rodriguez: Most of them are fixed lease. So some of them you have to earn your way to them, so they can fluctuate year-over-year depending on performance, but most of them are fixed.
Javier Rodriguez: Correct. Sometimes, you could have, of course, something that's linked to an index or something like that, but in general, it's defined and understood.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Michelle. Well, we've covered a lot, so let me just try to summarize as cleanly as I can. Three takeaways; number one, our core business is strong; number two, 2022 will have a lot of temporary OI decreases that will correct back to historical OI in '23; and then point three, our teams are working really hard on innovation to deliver on the integrated care dream. We look forward to discussing our strategy in more detail on November 16, during our capital markets day, and talk to you then. Be well everyone
Joel Ackerman: And then I'll just add one thing, as you're finishing your bridge. Justin, don't forget that there's a $60 million California ballot that's going to be in '22 - sorry, yeah in '22 that won't be in '23. So, there is another couple numbers to bridge to.
Joel Ackerman: I think that's, that's a good start for thinking about it. Although this the size of the spike also impacts how long it takes us to get back to a positive NAG, because if the spike is lower, a natural growth can kind of overcome that in a shorter period of time. As I've said, I think on prior calls, I've found thinking about quarter-over-quarter treatment per day patterns to be a much easier way to think about what's going to happen to our volumes, and then ultimately, revenue over the next few years, NAG can be a little bit of a clunky number, when in times like this where there's so much volatility.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so in terms of how much of the OI in '23 comes from IKC, again, with all the caveats about uncertainty and everything else, you're really going to see no change in OI and I KC from '21 to '23. That's, again - that's a reasonable scenario from where we are. So if you think about, OI growth, total OI growth '21 to '23, you basically see a zero in that scenario from IKC.
Joel Ackerman: I think, Pito, the right way to think about it is, it's largely coming from core dialysis. There, we've called out a bunch of headwinds and tailwinds, the ones from ballots and IKC kind of offset each other, so they're net zero. The depreciation from our new clinical IP system stays with us and you'll have a tailwind from COVID.
Joel Ackerman: Right. What we're effectively saying is 120 in 2021, goes to 170 next year, and that's the one of the big headwinds for next year, and that reverses itself in '23.
Joel Ackerman: Ultimately our expectation would be the full 150 would reverse itself and the business would become profitable, but it wouldn't happen all in '23.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so, the numbers in Q3 and Q4, there is some wage inflation, but where you're really going to start seeing that is next year and I know I went through a lot of numbers quickly in the script. What we call all doubt, at the beginning of the call was a 50 million to 75 million net labor headwind next year and that would be wages, it would be training, and there could be potential offsets from benefits or productivity and stuff like that. But if I think the right number for next year is a net headwind, given the challenging labor environment of 50 million to 75 million.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, I think we're on a bit of a path to continue to create a disclosure package around IKC that will give shareholders the visibility they need into our progress.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, so I would think about us typically needing somewhere around $300 million of cash on the balance sheet just to run the business. I don't think that number will change significantly with IKC, we're not a regulated entity. We don't have statutory capital requirements.
Joel Ackerman: Sarah, I wish we could point to one but the reality is, while it is more acute in certain geographies, it is very widespread and across most of our clinical teammates, and so it is wide and many geographies.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, Pito, the thing I'd add there, how do you paint the kind of the end game there, the question is, how do you get there, and the thing I would remind you is the costs all come up front. You're paying for the model of care to deliver the savings, you're paying for the G&A, you're building capabilities, the revenue is delayed. And we won't see any revenue in year one, year two, we'll start to see some, but the number will grow over time as the effectiveness of the shared savings continues to grow. So there is not a good matching of revenue and costs, especially in the in years. So part of it is the investment in the scale that Javier talked about, part of it is the delay in the revenue.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, it's 40 million is the annualized number, Gary and it'll probably start sometime in Q2, but you'll see most of it in Q3 and Q4.
Joel Ackerman: No, I think there's been a very much an appreciation during the pandemic that people want to keep their insurance and they value it, and so it's been very resilient and constant.
Pito Chickering: Okay. So that sort of 4% OI growth for CAGR of next two years, as hundreds is coming from core dialysis at this point. And even the -
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then the last question for me, there's a billion dollars of cash sitting on the balance sheets right now, how much cash do you guys need to run the core dialysis and now, the new IKC that grows in 2022? And how much we think about that going back to this repo at this point? Thanks so much.
Pito Chickering: Okay, so that's fair to think about, $300 million excess cash [indiscernible] sooner rather than later.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys, thanks a follow up here. I sort of want to go back to the IKC losses in 2023. I'm struggling a little bit in terms of losses, you guys are assuming that we'll have there. When the ESCO program has been running, it was so savings right out of the gate. How can you say while we'll still see $120 million in IKC three years out when ESCO is profitable on your one? Thanks so much.
