Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Jim, and welcome, everyone, to a relatively sober quarterly call. I'll first cover kidney care then HCP, and I [ph] discuss their near-term and longer-term outlook. First, with respect to kidney care from a business performance point of view, another solid quarter, both clinically and operationally [indiscernible] loss contingency reserve, which of course, I'll discuss in a bit. We are first and foremost a caregiving company, serving approximately 153,000 kidney care patients [ph] [indiscernible]. [Technical Difficulty]
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. This is Kent. We have always tried, as everyone does, to run themselves pretty efficiently. So while we will be taking a second and look -- second and third look at everything on both sides of the house, right now, we can't offer up any material number with the degree of confidence that would warrant publicly mentioning it. So we're going to do the best we can, but right now we can't attach a number to that for you.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, you are right. Although, in many respects, it's the later date that's more relevant because that's the binding proposal. And I should correct the mistake I made earlier. Evidently, I said 2014 when I was talking about outlook and guidance going forward and I should have said 2013, so I apologize for that. With respect to CMMI, the positive interaction is a commentary, unfortunately, just on the quality of the process and the fact that they're listening, it is not that they have told us that they're going to change anything specifically or generally, so we have high hopes and we're just glad that they listen to us and we've got a quality dialogue. But they haven't given us any indication that they actually will make material changes.
Kent J. Thiry: None of the specifics have been worked out at this point, Darren. And for us, the strategic imperative is a level-playing field.
Kent J. Thiry: At this point, I'm afraid I just can't give you a definite prediction in either direction. The government has agreed that non-Safe Harbor joint ventures can be legal, and we're still discussing exactly what structures qualify and which ones they think do not. We, of course, have been under the impression for a decade that the way we've been doing them is fine. And so we're having to do a lot of sorting through with them. And right now, there has been no resolution.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, the number varies somewhat. But it's -- it varies between 140 and 200, somewhere in that range.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that's correct. We expect that over time, best practices and so on of all the years of our experience will diffuse to the new membership that we bring on.
Kent J. Thiry: As been stated before, it's a complex set of integrated care expertise that we and others like us that involves improving the coding and diagnosis and documentation as you mentioned. The utilization by focusing on health, wellness and prevention and avoidable admissions and readmissions, excellent post-acute care management and training doctors, care managers, disease managers, social workers and the like into total integrated care, so it's a complex of all of those aspects that has to occur over time.
Kent J. Thiry: You can't really break it out and -- because you're always coding the entire population that you have, the ones who have been with you for a long time, as well as the new ones. And so perhaps, ask the question again and see if we can be more helpful.
Kent J. Thiry: We all learn from history. You're probably not old enough to remember the balanced budget amendment. We learned from that. We did learn that MA cycles, we believe that it's an excellent program that provides tremendous care to sick and fragile seniors and that it has a benefit structure significantly better than Medicare fee-for-service. And that there will be fluctuations in membership growth and in margins as the government adjusts from time to time.
Kent J. Thiry: Those are the 2 sources of offset that are directly related to the issue itself, of the decision the government made. Anything else would have to be operating improvements of the normal business variety, either finding additional efficiencies, driving additional acquisitions, driving additional same-store growth, things like that. So everything else is normal business and trying to do more of it than usual.
Kent J. Thiry: That's a fair question, and we -- that's why we gave a range because we're still discussing that with our health plans.
Kent J. Thiry: That's the right way to think about it and, of course, every plan in every market is a little bit different. But if you took a bit of a weighted average, that puts you in the right ballpark in the legacy markets that we're in.
Kent J. Thiry: Got it. I'll take 2 cuts at answering, and perhaps other people's answer on our team would be different. On the one hand, it's them doing what they did and when they did it is worse than we thought it would be. Second, on the other hand, HealthCare Partners' operating performance has exceeded what we thought it would be. And so if you look at what we said when we announced the marriage, we are still in a good position to be where we said we would probably be in 2014. We can't guarantee it, so it kind of depends how you look at it. My first answer was sort of no, this is worse than we thought. And second answer is, well, if you look at it in a broader sense, we're about where we thought. Or we still have a shot at being where we thought, maybe that's a more accurate way to put it.
Kent J. Thiry: Two-part answer. Again, on the one hand, when you take a reimbursement hit and your margins suffer, it's tougher to invest. There's less of a margin for error, and maybe some people even lose some interest that you thought were attractive partners, although we're not seeing any of that since most of the world seems to think that the fundamental trends are inexorable. So that's the bad part where you say, gosh, that hurts us and our probabilities and prospects for what we intended to do and still intend to do. On the other hand, if you're better at something than most people and are more committed, then when you take a rate cut like this, some people are going to check out or fail because there's no longer enough margin to support their learning curve or their efforts. And so we've certainly seen that over 15 years in dialysis that during the better reimbursement periods, of course, when I say better, I mean primarily on the private insurance side which subsidizes Medicare. The good news is you have higher margins. The bad news is you have more competition and you pay more for things. When reimbursement is tougher, you suffer on the margin front. But if you're disciplined over the long term, your return on capital may in fact be superior, as well as your rate of unit growth. So I think time will tell which of those 2 vectors is stronger.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll answer the first one and let Bob answer the second. On the first one, the variable of having the payers that you're partnered with gaining share and derivatively enjoying that benefit versus, on the other hand, the driver of the providers against whom you're competing, losing share to you and others, which of those is more powerful, that differs by market by year. And either one can be significantly more powerful than the other in any given period. And we, of course, try to benefit from both as best we can. Although in some of our markets, we work with so many payers, if one's losing share to another, for us the net effect can be 0 because we're on both sides on a Switzerland type of basis. On the second question as to the types of payers we deal with primarily, I'll turn to Bob.
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, we don't disclose the number of acquisitions typically. And in this particular case, it's such a small number, it's not of any particular consequence. If we ever have some sort of a spurt where there is data you need to understand to avoid misinterpreting our longer-term trends, we would certainly go ahead and do that. But otherwise, we don't since they differ in size and timing. And then your second question, again sir, please? Matthew has got it.
Kent J. Thiry: The -- we have an awful lot of people calling us and interested. Having said that, exactly when we'll close any deals that will add up to something material, is not an area where we want to put any kind of stake in the ground. So the good news is lots of interest. The bad news is we're not yet certain enough about which ones we're going to be able to and interested in closing and when that will happen and what the economics will be, so we're -- we'd be very nervous about you baking anything significant into your near-term forecast.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know the exact number. And, of course [ph], the answer cannot be precise because the definition of what is -- whatever adjective you use is highly subjective, and we take any sort of disruption to patient access to care pretty seriously and that can be driving distance. It can be the quality of the center, it can be the timing of the shift that's available, et cetera, et cetera. So many ways to define disruption. But it's not a tiny number because even if there are other centers close by, if someone has to move to the night shift, that can be highly disruptive to their lives, which often translates into poor clinical outcomes, which often translates as well into more hospitalizations. So it's not a small percentage. But I don't -- it'd be pretty arbitrary for me to pick a number.
Kent J. Thiry: Again, it's a bit of a moving target. As you know, California got permission from CMS to move forward with it. It's still anticipated to move forward. There is still lack of clarity about how the rates will be set and where and how the risk will be apportioned relative to not only the ambulatory and institutional portions, but the post-acute and long-term care. And so, still a lot of moving parts, a big potential opportunity if the economics pan out correctly. But at this point, I can say we're in a continual discussion in both L.A. and Orange counties with the health plans that will be selected or have been selected to administer the program.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you all very much for your continued interest in DaVita HealthCare Partners. We apologize that we had an unusual amount of difficult news to convey. We do, in fact, hope to reach a satisfactory resolution with the government and put that behind us, which would lead to a lot lower legal expenses and a lot less management time consumed by it. And so we're hoping that we can, in fact, reach a satisfactory resolution there. And thank you all. We'll to talk to you again soon.
James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, a few more dialysis operating metrics. Our non-acquired growth was 4.4% when normalized for days of the week, and our commercial mix improved slightly in the quarter. One of the reasons for a continued strong non-acquired growth is that we have closed very few centers over the last couple of years, choosing to continue to operate a large number of centers that are losing money. However, this could change with sequestration and rebasing, and a poor rebasing result could lead us to close more centers, which would adversely impact our growth. Next, our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment increased $10.28 from the prior quarter. This was driven primarily by increased Medicare rates, normal commercial rate increases and a slight improvement in our commercial mix. As you model revenue for the rest of the year, you should take into account the impact of sequestration, which resulted in a 2% cut in our Medicare rates, which is about $20 million per quarter reduction in our dialysis Medicare revenue. U.S. dialysis patient care cost per treatment rose $3.52 from the prior quarter, driven primarily by seasonally higher payroll taxes and seasonally higher fixed cost per treatment due to fewer treatment days in the quarter. Dialysis G&A per treatment was up $1.29 per treatment, primarily driven by compensation expense, including seasonal fluctuations related to fewer treatment days in the quarter and higher payroll tax. During the quarter, we experienced $7 million in international losses, reflecting improved international performance, with the addition of our operations in Poland and Portugal. Please note, we still continue to expect operating losses in 2013 to be less than $30 million, absent securing any large new contracts that would have associated startup costs. And now, a comment about HCP's operating performance. HCP's performance was solid in the quarter with operating income of $110 million. Total capitated HCP members (sic) [HCP member months] grew 5.8% sequentially, of which 2.1% was acquisition-related. Year-on-year, member months grew 20.3%, of which 16.2% was acquisition-related. And note that this compares incorporates dates prior to the completion of our merger, which occurred on November 1, 2012. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $106 million in the first quarter. Given the current debt levels, our expectation is that debt expense will be around $430 million for the year, which includes the impact of the interest rate hedges we put in place late in the first quarter. The effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners, excluding the loss contingency reserve, was 40.7% in the quarter. And we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 40% to 41% for 2013, excluding the impact of a loss contingency reserve. Now turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $379 million in the first quarter. And our 2013 operating cash flow guidance remains at $1.35 billion to $1.5 billion. This guidance excludes the impact of any legal settlement we may reach. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
James K. Hilger: This is Jim Hilger. I just wanted to correct a statement I made earlier. When I was discussing HCP's operating performance and describing the growth of total capitated HCP member months, I believe I just said total capitated HCP members, and I intended to say member months.
James K. Hilger: Well, it varies from time to time. But it is a minority of our centers, clearly. But more than a handful.
James K. Hilger: The G&A expense for the quarter is on a combined basis, the 10.3%. I'd just point out that there would be transaction costs in prior quarters that would be impacting that rate. So I think it is -- and also we only had 2 months in Q4 of HCP. But the 10.3% is going to be a good proxy. For now, it may fluctuate plus or minus, but that's a better proxy than the Q4 number.
Robert J. Margolis: Bob Margolis here. I'll try to answer it pretty similar to actually Kent's answer about the rebasing, and that is, we always to try to run a very efficient operation. There'll be opportunities, we think, to be more efficient in some areas and to really look hard at our cost structure going forward. You did mention that there's a pass-through of about 10% of it. And as to the benefit question, as you've heard in other analysts' analyses, it's a fairly significant $34 per member per month that CMS has allowed to be shared with the beneficiaries. And there's still an enormous gap of better benefits in Medicare Advantage versus Medicare fee for service. Whether or not the plans will choose to pass some or all of that $34 on to beneficiaries is out of our control. They do inquire and discuss with us benefit in many of our markets. But ultimately, they make the determination, not us. I think it's relevant to point out that we are in relatively rich benefit markets, none of which have Medicare Advantage premiums. And so there is a fair amount of room and some expectation on our part that there will be movement in that direction. But again, it's something the plans will make -- independently make that decision in their initial filings in May.
Robert J. Margolis: Again, it's not possible to be very precise on that. We believe that the MA program is still strong, as we've seen over the last couple of years, despite some projections of some of the people in the administration that the program would shrink. It's actually grown pretty robustly. We've seen a good new membership this past year as was reflected in the numbers that Kent offered up. And it really is still a strong program, so we're hopeful to see. But, of course, if you move more of the cost to the beneficiaries, it's less of an incentive than it had -- they had before to join the program. So we don't expect it to be dramatically bad. But we don't have any way to project accurately what it will be.
Robert J. Margolis: Yes, we'd be very disappointed if the number was 0. But at the same time, no way right now to give you any assurance that the additional number is certain enough or large enough to mention.
Robert J. Margolis: It's a very reasonable question, and I'm afraid we can't just go there. The -- to go into more detail on the live conversations would just not be a good idea. It wouldn't be constructive. And since the conversations are still going on and we don't know where they're going to end up, we might very well tell you something that's wrong, which would be really dysfunctional.
Robert J. Margolis: It's a guess only because we're not the primary determinant of the pace. And these are complicated areas, and we're dealing with multiple parties. So very, very difficult to venture forth for the guess. But in the spirit of trying to be useful, if we get to a point of a successful conclusion before it's entirely paper and consummated, my guess is it would be a few months. But again, the operative word is, that's a guess, there's a lot of variables.
Robert J. Margolis: Yes. Okay, a very fair question. The -- we have had high-quality conversations and we have made the analytical point that the drop in utilization has been totally offset by increases in price of the subject drugs themselves. In other words, the same ones that got used less had higher and higher prices, which offset a majority of the decline. And then the other revenue leakage that was not intended to be a part of putting in a bundle, but in fact happened because of the case-mix adjusters and other variables, means that in aggregate, our economics have not changed on the Medicare side, which means we still lose money on average on every Medicare treatment we do across America. And so we've gone in and made that point, and we would love to have the government take us up on our offer to come in and do additional audits. So they see that the data from the industry is absolutely spot on and timely because so many of their data sources lag in terms of timing. And so the good news is they've had the meetings with us. They've listened. They've asked good questions. On the other hand, they're staring at the legislation, which targets very selectively and unfairly the one part of the cost structure that did in fact go down. They, however, retain the right and, in fact, the legal responsibility to take into account the entire picture with respect to ESRD economics. So put all that together and you end up not knowing where they will come out, but we have had an opportunity to make a whole lot of accurate, analytical, real-world community-wide points.
Robert J. Margolis: That's my understanding of the current predictions. And I don't know if there'd be any reason to think that it would slip, given the magnitude of the work. But that's what people are saying right now.
Robert J. Margolis: I'll try to answer in a couple of different ways. First of all, I think we're recognized that the HCP division is having some expertise in some of our payer partners, would like to see us in more of their difficult markets, work with them to coordinate care and to work with the physicians, so that's still a driver. I would say for sure that rate cuts are not pleasant anywhere, but there's a lot of horses driving physician consolidation that are unrelated specifically to these rate cuts. First of all, lot of physician groups have a serious amount of commercial business, so it's not just MA running the whole scenario. And number two, even in the MA program, the need to align with credible partners that can help star rating, which is certainly one of the offsets to these kinds of cuts, is something that's driving it. The need for capital for technology continues to drive it. The advent of pay-for-performance and more and more transparent metrics drives this consolidation, and the frustration that physicians have in a decreasing reimbursement fee-for-service world. So I think that taking MA cuts just in isolation is not as fulsome a way to look at this as perhaps we look at it.
Robert J. Margolis: From time to time again, for example, if you have a certain specialty that we end up subcontracting, so they're hired by outside specialty group, so that 10 FTE that you see is just a normal business that we go through from quarter-to-quarter.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes. Those would be the first signs that there was mean to the community, and we've been working together. But those are both targeted at helping the non-LDO segment.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: We -- the industry has asked for a number of changes, including some on the calculation of economics. And so this is a first sign that they're taking those considerations seriously. But we really couldn't be specific beyond that because they haven't given us indication.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Not at this time because there's several areas that they could make some movement that would really help us in how we feel about participation, and so we'll see -- we'll answer that question when we see their complete proposal.
