Kent J. Thiry: This is Kent, I have not read it. I guess, the only comment than I can make based on what I've heard about it, but again I haven't read it, is it is common sense that the value of a business can change dramatically if the market and our competitive conditions change, that's common sense. And of course, you guys see it all the time.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, Gary, you know the answer to that. I'd say, they're constructive and thoughtful and they continue.
Kent J. Thiry: We haven't been disclosing what percent of the portfolio is bundled versus not. It's just said that it's been going up steadily. And part of that, it's -- there's so many different metrics you can use to define the denominator, it gets really difficult, so it's continuing to increase steadily.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, predicting protocol changes is difficult because they're driven by changes in science and physicians' perspectives. So it's really a difficult one for us. Although of course, at any moment in time, we know what our docs are telling us. And right now, I don't know of anything our docs -- that our docs are telling us have major consequences. That could change if there's some new article or study. But at this point, we, at least, I don't know, have anything dramatic, our physicians are saying beyond the ongoing debate in the anemia area.
Kent J. Thiry: We hope so. But I don't think we're ready to sign up for that as a commitment. And relative to our competition, who knows it could be that we're carrying more centers that have a lower private mix or we're carrying more centers that are losing money. So any single metric can be a little misleading. But we're hoping we can maintain the current rate.
Kent J. Thiry: We know that they are not limiting their inquiry into that 1 transaction. All we know is that they're looking at a small number, but it's not just one.
Kent J. Thiry: I can't comment on that specifically, Justin, it's just not in your best interest. But just generically, unusual things don't happen often, and so I just can't go any further and I can't really talk about this specific thing at all. Just want to go back to the common sense statement that, if there is a situation or scenario where there's a dramatic change in the market and our competitive conditions, then the value of a business can change dramatically.
Kent J. Thiry: Justin, I think what led us to hesitate is just when you said for the next few quarters or several quarters or something, and since we look at our cash deployment as you know, with a great rigor every quarter, we get real nervous when you ask us to say what's going to be true 2 or 3 quarters down the line on that topic, because reality can change a lot quarter-to-quarter. So I think that's why you felt a little pause there.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me hit the second one, and then someone else will hit the first. With respect to the VA, it's not in our shareholders' best interest for us to start talking about what the rate is, nor the structure of the rate. So we'll stay away from that to protect you. And as to the first question, I'll turn it over.
Kent J. Thiry: There is always some element of differentiation, according to different segmentation including often, geographic, but we don't disclose it because that's competitively useful.
Kent J. Thiry: Hold, on one a second please. Yes, there's a protocol, but we can't go into any detail in a public conversation, given all the different litigation.
Kent J. Thiry: On the geographies, Darren, we're thinking still that the less we talk about that, the better, since we're competing with folks. But suffice it to say, we're active in a few parts of the world and we've closed a couple little deals and we've built up a team that's significantly more coherent than the one we had 5 months ago, 6 months ago. And it's expensive from a G&A point of view. I think we're pretty much on track with what we said 9 months or 1 year ago, but I'm going to defer to others on that.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, it's just pretty hard for us to predict because we get hundreds, literally thousands of doctors out there reacting to CMS changes and guidance, reacting to the FDA label, reacting to the conferences they go to, reacting to the articles they read, reaction to what's going on in their patient population each month as they change their practices. So it's just very, very difficult to predict. We certainly don't think that there's going to be as big of a change over the next 12 months as the last 12 months, because that's not we're hearing from physicians. But to go a lot further and start talking about whether or not we can extrapolate this month's trend, we just can't. We just have no ability to do that. There's too much dynamism, too many doctors drawing different micro decisions about what to do with their patients.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll let Kim Rivera, General Counsel, handle that question because I don't know for sure what the answer is.
Kent J. Thiry: The environment, I guess, its the same and different. It's the same in that, we've got lots of intense battles going on every single month of the year. In aggregate, things have been a little bit more stable the last 12 months, and the 12 months maybe 2 years ago or 3 years ago. But it doesn't feel like a trend to us. It just feels like a temporary relative low in the battle.
Kent J. Thiry: We did what we did in the third quarter, because it seemed like the right thing to do. And we haven't decided what we're going to do in the fourth quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: It does take longer, to be honest, I don't know when this one is scheduled to be done. I'm going to guess -- I'm just going to guess, 6 to 9 months. But somebody maybe will be able -- before the call is over to get the real answer, although we might not have it here at the table.
Kent J. Thiry: No. We continue to get some positive feedback, but it's nothing you can take to the bank. And back to the DSI IT integration question, its scheduled to be done by March. So 6 months since we started it.
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, he can't, Gary's not on the line, so he can't respond. And I'll go back to another point that someone brought up, I said I was 90% confident or some percentage confident that DSI had lower neg non-acquired growth than we did and we have that confirmed, theirs was lower than ours.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, you're right, it's incorporated into the guidance. And there's no reason to expect anything dramatic there, one way or the other, because it's a portfolio of 5, 6, 7 little things. Some not so little, some quite little, some pretty pure R&D. And therefore, designed to be money losers versus others that are designed to get to profit, and some of them have. It's so tough to predict. But there's nothing dramatic going on, and it's incorporated in the guidance.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your interest. We will work hard for you until the next call 3 months from now. Thanks.
Luis A. Borgen: Okay. Justin, we're considering several capital deployment opportunities. One of which is obviously acquisitions. That coupled with the recent volatility in the debt markets, we thought it would be prudent to conserve cash and deployment for potential acquisitions heading forward, so that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Luis A. Borgen: We continue to look at various opportunities, one of those we're deploying towards M&A opportunities.
Luis A. Borgen: Sure. On your first point on the EPO reduction. We expect it's very dynamic and so we don't exactly when it's going to settle out. We do -- the key is what the physician adoption is, and exactly how physicians are going to prescribe EPOGEN, relative to the label change and all of the emerging signs, so it's still very dynamic area for us, and we'll see where it settles out.
Luis A. Borgen: On the managed care mix, I'm assuming your referring to the commercial treatment mix, that was down quarter-over-quarter. And I can tell you that it's the same 2 factors that we've seen all along. Number one, is the macroeconomic factors, lower employment, less people who have higher paid insurance, and number two, would be our improvement in mortality rates.
Luis A. Borgen: Sure. So the key factors are, in addition to the DSI transaction and integration, it's legal and compliance spending, coupled with incremental IT and international. Those are the 4 key drivers of our G&A.
Luis A. Borgen: On the spend levels for 2011, our annual spend is expected to be about $20 million for this year. And now, it's a little more back-end loaded than front-end loaded in terms of 2011 spend.
Luis A. Borgen: We're not going to break out the DSI mix versus our core mix. I'd say it is immaterial to our results in the third quarter.
Luis A. Borgen: It is declining. Last quarter, it was up. This quarter it was down, so it's hard predict where that's going to shake out.
Luis A. Borgen: Some people will try to strip out the numbers to answer your question, let me come to it in a minute or 2.
Luis A. Borgen: Sure, it's driven forward by 2 factors, increased profitability of our overall enterprise, and number two, a higher proportion of JVs as part of that mix. Going forward, you can expect it to be similar to our operating income as it was this quarter. That would be a good way to think about it.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, so the bad debt policy, if it were changed, could impact dialysis. And we just have not disclosed our range of recovery there from Medicare to date.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Let me tell you what it does do. For Medicare, the process under which we go through takes us 1 year to 2 to collect a bad debt, so I think that should be helpful for you.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, we won the 2012 payment rollers, pretty much what we expect, and I think as you would've expected. And moving forward into the QIP, I think there's still a few things that as we add more measures in 2014, we'll be working with CMS to improve. I think we very much agree on the principle of being paid for delivering good quality. The unfortunate reality is that the method that CMS can deploy right now is pretty simplistic, and there does need to be a more robust calculation, and we're hopeful that over the next few years, we'll be able to work with them to implement that.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Well, you hit on the head, they are draft. We will see where they finalize. Certainly, they were looking at and exploring a lower limit for hemoglobin. But I think it's best to just put that on hold, until such time that they're issued.
LeAnne M. Zumwalt: Yes, the range would still be $1 to $2 per Medicare treatment that we're not capturing. We've made a slight amount of headway, but it's cumbersome and costly. We're really spending a pretty fair amount of what we get paid back in obtaining that documentation, so it's still a pretty costly process.
