Javier Rodriguez: Thanks, Dean. So, what I'd highlight on the risk side of Medicare Advantage is, I think it's important to realize that the ESRD population is different than the broader MA population. And some of the trends you might be seeing with other payers, which we certainly watch very carefully, don't necessarily apply to our population. I'd highlight three things. First, the needs of these patients and the medical costs that they bear are very different than a population given the high acuity of these patients. So that's one. Second, I would also note the reimbursement for this population runs differently, and it's a separate reimbursement rate that comes out in both the preliminary and the final rule. And third, that the coding changes that apply to the broader MA population do not apply to the ESRD population. So, with that, I think it's early for us to really have a full view on what 2023 is. That said, we're feeling pretty good about where our net savings came in, both on the SNP side and on the Medicare Advantage population within our value-based care. In terms of just some of the cleanup, we have about 3,000 members in our SNP products. And in terms of revenue, it's somewhere north of $300 million.
Javier Rodriguez: Great. Let me grab that, Joanna. A couple of things because I think underlying those questions, there's usually -- is there something unusual in the payer dynamics, and let me go ahead and start by no, we are in a normal period. And of course, we're trying to make sure that rates reflect the inflationary pressures that we are receiving. To you direct question on what percent of that -- what part made out of the rate, roughly two-thirds of the increase will be rate and one-third remaining. A good chunk of that is the annualization of the reimbursement operation improvements we saw in 2023 and the remaining is mix. As you have seen, our mix is trending on MA slightly above the market. So, our MA mix finished the quarter around 52%, and we expect that number to be a couple of points higher at the end of '24. So, somewhere in the 54%, 55% range, depending on open enrollment.
Javier Rodriguez: Commercial, on the negotiations, we're not going to go into specifics. We continue to see that our commercial patients value their private insurance, and commercial mix is flattish. So, nothing to report on that. And of course, that's embedded in the guidance of the RPT that we gave you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thanks for the question, A.J. And as you know, last quarter, we had sort of a dissertation on GLP-1 that's gotten a lot of conversation. At the end of the day, we, of course, wanted to make sure that our shareholders and others were really well versed on it. And I think that while there could be an unusual surprise because you never want to say that the chances are zero, highly, highly improbable that we didn't capture in our range, what is likely to play out. And so that is -- that at the end of the day, we expect a net neutral impact on dialysis volume over the next decade. And we did a lot of probabilistic adjustments and weighted as to how many people would participate and all the normal math that we discussed, and we don't want to change our position a bit.
Javier Rodriguez: All right. Thank you, Lisa. So, let's start with Marietta. As we have discussed in the past, we have not seen a lot of employer groups change benefits, which is absolutely great. It would be terrible for employers to not give their employees that have end-stage renal disease choice. That said, we continue to be very mindful, and of course, work with the kidney community and disability groups, because it is sort of a dangerous risk out there that we want to make sure is not taken advantage of. And so, the analogy I say in a town hall when someone asks me if I have -- why I have so much passion on it, it's like saying the door in your house, the lock is broken. And you said, yes, but no one's broken in or very little. And you say, well, you still want to fix it. And so, from our perspective, it's something that the Supreme Court said. It needed to be clarified and the Champions and Congress and others believe it should be clarified. Now we just got to work the process. I also think, and we've discussed that our verification process admissions has helped in that we had an example of an employer group that actually did apply this, and when they found out that their employees didn't actually have a network, then they changed their benefits again and basically reverted back to a network benefit. So, I think sometimes people explore ideas without really understanding the full ramifications, and in that case, it worked out well. And so we will continue to put a lot of energy on that. Your second question was around the ballot. Of course, what we liked about it is that we were spending money on making sure that our patients and our teammates didn't suffer from what we call a very dangerous ballot process, but it takes a lot of money to educate the broader state on how to think about that. And so, we are extremely happy that at the end of the day, instead of spending the money on that, our teammates get the benefit of that. As it relates to is it just this election cycle, we talked about two election cycles and that would be a good time to hopefully iron out and revisit our relationship with labor.
Javier Rodriguez: There is a little update. There is some activity on it. But at the end of the day, maybe the best way to summarize it is that the judge hasn't had a final ruling, but gave some color. And in that color, basically both parties won some points and both parties lost some points. And so therefore, the odds of an appeal are quite high when there is a final ruling. And so, the next question is probably if you were to say what will be the financial impact we had guided to in the past, something in the $25 million to $40 million range. And as less people are on the AKF, I think that number is likely to be lower, more like a $0 million to $25 million would be a good range.
Javier Rodriguez: And just as a point of reference, like if you want to go back pre-COVID, I'm going to go back several years in the 2016 or so range, we would be in the 65%-or-so range. And then just so you see the impact of all of this California conversation that we've had. California, because how difficult the operating environment is, is roughly in the 70% range because people aren't opening centers. So all these very expensive propositions and poor conduct have had an impact and the people do not want to open centers there.
Javier Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your interest in DaVita. Just in summary, we had a strong close to the year and that, combined with our guidance 2024, we are now back on a path to recuperate our pre-pandemic financial trajectory. We will continue to work hard to deliver strong results, innovate, and most importantly, provide a great clinical care for our patients. Thank you all for joining the call. Be well.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, a lot in there, Pito. Let me try and take this in the logical order. So, first, on revenue accounting, what -- historically, we did not record revenue until we were comfortable that we could reasonably estimate what our share of the shared savings would be. And that was true for both our MA population and our Medicare fee-for-service population, the CKCC program. The SNP product, we've always accounted for in -- I'll use your words, in an accrual method. The change we're talking about is about the change in the timing of when we get comfortable with those estimates. And you asked why. It's really three things. One is we've made some changes to the contractual language that gives us earlier clarity on attributed lives. So that's one. Second, we're getting our data earlier, which obviously helps us do some of the calculations earlier. And then third, just with the experience we've had, we've got better actuarial models. And putting those three things together, we're comfortable now that we can reasonably predict our share of the shared savings revenue, which ultimately turns into revenue in the plan year. So that's on the change in the estimates. In terms of -- you asked about 2023. So, we're guiding to a loss of $50 million for 2024. Our non-GAAP number for 2023 is a loss of $94 million. The thing to realize about that $94 million is it includes the revenue from the value-based care products from plan year '23, which is the result of this estimate change that I mentioned as well as the revenue from that product line for 2022. So, I think the way to think about 2023 to make it a little bit more apples-to-apples with '24 would be to back out somewhere around $25 million, maybe $30 million to make it a bit more apples-to-apples. And then, what was your other question? There was a PMPM question in there.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, a few things. First, just to clarify that estimate change I referred to only is true of the Medicare Advantage business. The CKCC business is still new enough that we're not comfortable estimating the savings in the plan year. So that part hasn't changed. In terms of your question, so the cost savings we're referring to is only related to our model of care in our G&A. It's not what you'd call the MLR in a health plan business. It's not that equivalent for us. Second, there are some -- there was a significant amount of positive period development in 2023, in particular in the SNP business that we're not forecasting to recur. So that would be another adjustment, which I think would help bridge the question of why aren't we getting to profitability next year or this year in '24.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, no on the last one. If a patient moves from one clinic to another, it doesn't show up as any sort of growth anywhere. It's still our patient. In terms of the volume growth. I would point to Q4 over Q3 as effectively being flat, treatments per day were flat. And that's really a combination of a small census decline, which is not uncommon in Q4, offset by a better treatment mix day. So more Monday, Wednesday, Fridays, fewer Tuesdays, Thursdays. So, Q4 was really, I would call, a flat volume quarter-over-quarter.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. Thanks, Joanna. So, I'd start with the fact that the single biggest impact on volume year-over-year is census. And remember that census builds over the course of the year. So, if you look at the '23 growth, which was effectively flat, that was burdened by the fact that the census declined over the course of 2022 and only started building in '23. So, a lot of the zero in 2023 is the annualization of the negative impacts of 2022. As we think about '24, I'd really break it down into two components. First is new to dialysis admissions and we've watched that build over the course of 2023. And we feel comfortable that, that growth rate is back to pre-COVID levels. Where the reason we don't get back to what you'd call a 2% number pre-COVID or that would be the high end of the range is mortality continues to run higher than it did pre-COVID. It is way down off its COVID peak, but it's still running a bit higher than a typical pre-COVID year, remembering that mortality moved around in pre-COVID years, primarily as a result of the severity of the flu season. So, if you take a more normal new to dialysis admit outlook and then a slightly negative mortality outlook, that's how we get to the 1% to 2%.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, A.J., thanks for that. So, for labor for the year, so we called out 2.5% to 3% of patient care cost growth per treatment. I'd break that down. That's roughly half labor and half other stuff. On the labor side, we're thinking something around 5% for the year in that and California would be baked into that. We called out a few months ago, something around $30 million to $40 million as the net impact of that once it's fully rolled out in a number of $20 million to $25 million for '24. We've been rolling it out a little bit quicker than we anticipated. So, I would expect the number will probably be somewhere in that $25 million to $30 million range, and that's baked into our number. The reason we're comfortable with the patient care cost being only 2.5% to 3%, given that half of it is labor, which is growing at 5%, is we've got savings from the annualization of both Mircera -- the ship to Mircera as well as some of the clinic footprint actions we took. We've also got fixed cost leverage as we add volume without adding centers. And a lot of those other costs are fixed costs that don't grow with volume and are under long-term contracts. So, we feel like despite a 5% wage pressure, we can get to that 2.5% to 3%.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, the final reconciliation will depend. It's plan by plan. It can often take three or four quarters, and that will be -- ultimately be baked into prior period development in the IKC business. In terms of the impact of some of the costs on the broader MA population in Q4, again, we -- I think it's too early for us to say whether we think that's going to impact us. But again, I'd reiterate that our population is very different than the broader population. In terms of 2024, we're keeping a careful eye on it to see how it plays out, and it's built into our range.
Joel Ackerman: I think a good healthy way to think about it is you will have a little volume loss on patient choice. But when you strip all of that, these centers tend to be inefficient. And so, what you do is you consolidate the management and the leadership. And then, you have some savings on fixed expense in particular, rent and medical director fees. And so, at the end of the day, that's where the savings come from, inefficient center with some fixed expenses that get eliminated.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. You've got it right. '23 was a really impressive decline in DSOs. '24, the free cash flow conversion remains well above net income, and that's really driven by two things. One is just structurally our CapEx is lower than our depreciation and amortization. And second is share-based comp, stock-based comp. And those two things should persist, and that's why, call it, 125% of net income that we're driving in free cash flow for this year, we would expect to persist for some time.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, we're exiting the year at about 58%. And I would expect picking up 1 point, maybe a little bit more over the course of the year.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So, the leverage you'd see would be in our patient care costs, it's not in the G&A because there's a fixed cost associated with the clinic that's in the patient care cost. So, you'd see it there. I think the best I can do to help you with that math would be to think about our patient care cost per treatment number, right? So, running at $255 for 2023, that is roughly two-third variable, one-third fixed. So, if you imagine us growing that volume without building as many centers, and just to be clear, we would have to build some centers because even though capacity utilization is low, the capacity may not be exactly where in the country you need it to be. So, depending on what assumption you make there, recognizing that a third of that PCC per treatment is fixed, I think that will give you everything you need to do to do the math on what it could be worth.
