Kent J. Thiry: Thank you, Jim, and thank all of you for your interest in DaVita. We will today, of course, discuss what we would characterize as a solid quarter. Before we get into the specifics of that quarter however, we will start as we always do with our clinical performance. We are first and foremost a care giving entity. Within DaVita Medical Group, we achieved 4.9 star average ratings across all markets. If you round in the same way that CMS rounds, would equal a 5 star, which is the highest we've ever achieved and is literally outstanding. It means we're doing wonderful things clinically with our physicians for our patients and also makes us differentially attractive to our payer partners. Within DaVita Kidney Care, fluid overload is one of the three leading causes of hospitalizations. Our own clinical researchers estimate that patients who do not achieve the recommended post-treatment weight have a 50% high risk of mortality over the subsequent year further underlying the significance of this clinical event. We have special initiatives aimed at ensuring our patients achieve target fluid levels. And in the second quarter of 2017, we had our best ever percentage of patients achieving that recommended post-treatment weight with a 10% year-over-year improvement. That's a big deal. And I'll now turn it over to Javier Rodriguez, the CEO of DaVita Kidney Care to discuss that quarter.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't really have anything new to say. I would just step back and make a few observations. Number one, it was a solid quarter. Number two, we have a solid foundation. Number three, we have some wonderfully valuable assets. And number four, we are good at what people want more of. With that, let's get on to Q&A please, operator.
Kent J. Thiry: And what I might add Kevin is, is we would not try to characterize any change in the risk. No increase, no decrease nor any change in our ability to predict when the government might come up with something that would constitute a decision that there is a bunch of no change.
Kent J. Thiry: My memory of what we said in the Capital Markets, Justin, and Jim to my left here will clarify if I get it wrong is that our comments at Capital Markets, of course, is usually do supersede any prior comments and we didn't make any representations on 2018 relative to 2017 at that time, but let me turn to Mr. Gustafson.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. I'm happy to answer, although we don't want to put too much of a spotlight on it because it's just a startup and so it will take time before it would ever really warrant a significant amount of attention. But to your specific question as to whether or not we need to acquire any capabilities, no, not within the current scope of the business. One of the beauties of what we do at DaVita Health Solutions is capabilities that we've been practicing at the DaVita Medical Group for 10, 15, 20 years in most cases. And so, its stuff that we're very good at, we're very credible at. And so, we look forward to advancing the cause and for those who aren't familiar, the short characterization of what we do is, is we got to a payer and take over responsibility for the top X thousand and some of their most sick, most expensive, most at risk patients and in particular focused on SNF management and house calls. Although, there is other things we do as well including at times, palliative care, et cetera. So that's a little bit of a thumbprint.
Kent J. Thiry: There was a change in the accounting. Some of our shared risk contracts converted to global risk. The net result is the institutional component of the cost, which used to be accounted for on a net basis, is now accounted for on a gross basis, which drives the revenue up.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure. So, look, we talked extensively at Capital Markets Day about our capital allocation strategy and our focus on OI growth and return on capital. I'm not going to reiterate that, nothing has changed. Regarding the specific analysis, really two major drivers driving most of the value in your report. One is increased leverage, and we could achieve that increased leverage whether we sell DMG or not. The second was the implied increase in EBITDA multiple, which is hard to count on. So, that's our thinking about the analysis regarding DMG, look, we've laid out a plan to drive OI growth of $100 million or so over a couple of years. We feel good about the business. So, that's where we are.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. And so, what – that partnership still exists, and in fact, Khazanah and Mitsui just put in their second tranche of their committed $300 million investment. So, there is another $100 million in the balance sheet as of the last 24 hours or so, and we continue to look forward to working with them to grow that business over the long term.
Kent J. Thiry: Right now our international operations are just reported in one set full piece, and for the near term, that's really our intention.
Kent J. Thiry: It's more mechanical, Justin. There hasn't been any change in our assessment of the risk upside or downside since Capital Markets.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thank you. Yeah, Justin, what you're seeing in that number and the reason why it grew is, you're seeing the effects of the management fee from Rx that we talked about in Capital Markets.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah. On the SIs, you're talking about the $25 million this quarter and that is mainly again, Rx. It's got an addition of some integrated care initiatives, but the bulk of it is Rx.
Kent J. Thiry: Nothing particular to note other than our run rate is going to be more in the range that it is now. We had some operational changes and we think that this is the right range going forward.
Kent J. Thiry: Yeah, Nothing about our plans for capital allocation and share repurchase specifically has changed. We think the $230 million that we bought back during the quarter was a good pace for us. There are a lot of criteria that go into whether we buy at a moment in time that relates to our cash flow, our growth, our leverage levels, the stock price, etcetera, and as a reminder we are blacked out at certain points because of earnings and other issues.
Kent J. Thiry: I don't know if we can comment on that. We have big restrictions on what we can say on the contract. So I think, we're going to have to pass on that one.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Well. Thank you all for your interest. We'll work hard for you between now and the next time we talk. Thank you.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon, everyone. Kidney Care adjusted operating income for the quarter was $402 million, up $22 million or 6% versus the first quarter. Overall, results were in line with our expectations. Let me cover some highlights. Non-acquired growth for the quarter was 3.6%, which is within the range of our long-term expectation of 3.5% to 4.5% on an annual basis. As a reminder, we expect to see fluctuations around this range on a quarterly basis. Revenue per treatment was down by $3.38 quarter-over-quarter. As we disclosed at Capital Markets Day, Q1 revenue benefited from some positive one-time adjustments. We continue to expect full-year average revenue per treatment in 2017 to be down 1% to 2% from full-year average in 2016. Our patient care cost per treatment was down $5.65 quarter-over-quarter driven by better performance in center operating expenses and normal seasonal factors that negatively impact quarter one cost per treatment, including EPO utilization, payroll taxes, and less treatment days. Now, turning on to our outlook. We're raising the bottom end of 2017 Kidney Care adjusted operating income guidance by $40 million. Our new guidance range is now $1.565 billion to $1.625 billion. Looking ahead to 2018, similar to the last couple of years, we will issue formal guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call. That said, I want to remind you of a couple of specific items to keep in mind as you look at 2018. Number one, we will have a year-over-year headwind of approximately $100 million due to our recent change from profit share program to a 401(k) match program. Number two, our cost inflation continues to outpace the rate increases we received from payers. It may be hard to see this trend in second quarter on a year-over-year basis due to the benefit from our new EPO contract as well as a one-time benefit from the transition to 401(k). Lastly, as a reminder, the proposed 2018 Medicare rate increase in the preliminary rule is 0.7%. Now, I hand it over to Joel to discuss DMG.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin, this is Javier. Nothing has changed from when we talked last quarter and so our relationships with payers continue to be the same. We're trying to make sure we add the right value to their members and our patients and nothing has changed in the guidance as it relates to the economics we gave you last quarter.
Javier J. Rodriguez: I think the way I would frame it is that we've had – we've learned more as the quarters have come along and then we've superseded information and updated it. And so, now we're saying, hey, the easiest way to do instead of getting to all the different slices is number one, the risk that's left in individual plans on CPA is at $45 million to $90 million, it then went away. And then number two, our average revenue will be down 1% to 2% over our average revenue in 2016. That that is sort of the freshest information that we have and the most useful information that we have.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. I think we don't have any visibility on timing per se, but we were trying to be useful when people were trying to frame and size the risk of CPA in an individual plan. So we put the number out there without any sense of whether it would occur or not or any sense of timing on it but rather just trying to frame and size the number.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. As opposed to quantifying whether they're better or worse, I think the answer arithmetically is that is minimal change to our economics. Of course, there are some payers that are still deciding but the majority of what we've seen now is minimal impact economically because most members have a comparable option in their market.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. That request that Aetna had was denied and we're working with Aetna to get a download under what's in, to make sure that we adhere to the contract and that we get them the proper documents
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yeah. Both of these bills are being driven by a union, and what we're saying is, this is an unprecedented act, this AB 251. And of course, it is not good for patients. It is not good for the citizen because there are some centers that are profitable and they carry all the centers that are not profitable. And so, if that passes, it would have a disruption to the care and over the long haul, it would be a real problem for the ERs and for the patients there. So we hope that policy makers will see through this as what it is, which is bad policy, and we of course are working hard with all our constituents in the community to educate them.
Javier J. Rodriguez: We are in the initial parts of the integration. We, of course, will have the one-time cost in year one. And then, we will have them in a normalized way by fourth quarter or so going into Q1 of next year's run rate.
Javier J. Rodriguez: I do not know the technical answer as to who provides that support. So, we'll have to get back to you on that. And we also added a couple of things as to why the – it is what it is. We also said that the pharmaceutical pricing had not passed, so that was a pass through in essence when prices go up that had not increased. And then secondly, we talked about a contract that had changed its contribution in addition to the two other items that you brought up. And that run rate, that $70 million to $90 million hit is included in this quarter.
