Joel Ackerman: Thanks, Javier. I'll start with some additional commentary on first quarter results and then I'll add detail on our expectations for the remainder of the year. As Javier said, Q1 adjusted operating income was $352 million, adjusted EPS was $1.58 and free cash flow was $265 million. Overall, the results were at the high end of the range of our expectations for the quarter, driven roughly equally by three things; first, strong operating performance in the U.S. dialysis business; second, timing of certain items in our IKC results; and third, some normal positive variability in a couple of cost items that we are not forecasting to recur in the rest of the year. With that, let me provide some additional detail. First, U.S. dialysis treatments per day were up almost 1% in Q1 compared to Q4. As Javier mentioned, this was due to higher patient census. Mistreatment rates remained elevated compared to pre-COVID levels and were consistent with our expectations. Revenue per treatment was down $0.16 quarter-over-quarter, driven by normal seasonal impact of high patient responsibility offset by annual increases in Medicare fee for services rates that begin in January, growth of MA and seasonal increases in acute treatment. On a non-GAAP basis, patient care cost per treatment decreased by $1.18 sequentially. The biggest drivers of the change were pharmaceutical cost savings from anemia management transition to Mircera, reductions in our contract labor spend and positive variability in health benefits and insurance costs. These were offset by higher compensation costs and two fewer treatment days in the quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, G&A expenses were down $24 million quarter-over-quarter largely due to normal variability in our G&A spend. IKC's adjusted OI for the quarter was approximately the same as Q4 and better than expected. The quarterly IKC results benefited from revenue that was forecasted to hit later in the year and the deferral of certain expense items that we expect will be recognized in Q3 and Q4. Excluding these items, IKC results were in line with our expectations. International adjusted operating income was up $12 million relative to Q4, driven roughly equally by foreign exchange and acquisition related expenses in Brazil during Q4. Looking at our capital structure, we ended the quarter with a leverage range of approximately 3.9 times EBITDA. We did not buy back any shares during the quarter as our focus continues to be to get back to our target leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times EBITDA. In the last week of April, we closed on a successful $2.75 billion refinancing of our revolving credit facility and term loan A despite a challenging capital markets environment. Looking forward, we still expect interest expense of $100 million to $110 million per quarter for the rest of the year. The April first launch of Mozarc Medical, our partnership with Medtronic will result in approximately $20 million of pre-tax losses below the OI line in Q2. This is less than previously shared due to timing shift of certain stand up costs. In the back half of the year, we still anticipate $15 million of negative impact on other income per quarter and as we shared previously, we expect Mozarc's OI to trend towards breakeven in approximately the next three years. Regarding the savings initiatives we've talked about in the past, we're on-track to realize year-over-year savings within the range of $125 million to $175 million consistent with prior expectations. This is primarily driven by a reduction in pharmaceutical cost and our ongoing facility consolidation. During Q1, we initiated our conversion to Mircera, which will continue to roll out over the remainder of the year. Additionally, in Q1, we consolidated 20 centers and currently anticipate consolidating another 40 to 50 centers over the remainder of the year. We continue to achieve high patient and teammate retention rates related to these shifts as the majority of patients at consolidated centers have transitioned to nearby DaVita facilities. That concludes my prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open the call for Q&A.
Joel Ackerman: I'd say, Justin, we're thinking we're about $25 million ahead of where we thought we would be on the total labor cost. So if you think of our guide increase at the middle of the range of $50 million, I'd say half of that is labor and half of that is volume. And that's how I get to $25 million.
Joel Ackerman: Well, in the labor line itself, there were some items that we don't think will recur. They were good guys in lines like benefits in workers' comp that I'd strip out as you think about annualizing things. So the $25 million would be a full-year number. In terms of where we need to go from here, we're expecting continued wage pressure as the year presses on. There will be a little bit of improvement in contract labor, but we've seen most of the improvement in contract labor that we're likely to see because it just happened faster than we thought. And on the productivity side, we haven't seen much. We're off the peak that we saw in the middle of last year, but we're still well above pre-COVID levels. And what we're currently building in is some progress in the back half of the year, but ending the year still above pre-COVID levels. And that's really driven largely by the turnover that we're seeing.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, Pito, on the free cash flow as you pointed out, obviously, an increase in OI helps that. The other two things are one cash taxes are trending better than we expected. And the second is working capital. You see the DSOs were down considerably. So, we think we'll get a bit of a tailwind to that as well for the year.
Joel Ackerman: Yes, as you said, we agree. It's a little hard to say because we have so much noise and volatility because of COVID. And so there's not a lot to report what we're seeing is that the savings are coming in line to where we expect the model of care is a little less efficient than we want. We need to build more scale and we need to standardize a whole bunch of these things that right now are manual. So we're still work in progress. We're going a lot of things that we want to be and we're still expecting to be breakeven in 2026.
Joel Ackerman: Yes. So let me walk you through some numbers, Pito, here. So the net census growth in Q1 was about 1,350 patients. If you compare that to what it was in Q1 of 2022 that was negative almost 500 patients. So an almost 2,000 patients swing, most of that is explained by the change in excess mortality although some of it is also the result of a better admit quarter this quarter than we saw last year. So on both the mortality side and the admit side, we saw progress.
Joel Ackerman: If you were to look at this excluding excess mortality, I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I can tell you it was definitely higher this quarter than it was Q1 of 2019. That said, I would be cautious before we start extrapolating this out. This is one quarter of data, this metric historically has been variable quarter-to-quarter and I'd want to wait to see what happens for a few more months before we're ready to really declare a trend here.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, $6 million is the ballot number you're looking for. In terms of IKC, we saw about $20 million roughly half in the revenue line, half in the expense line that we were expecting, we were just expecting it later in the year. In terms of the timing of the revenue, we generally view IKC revenue to be back half of the year loaded. As you think about the claims lags filling up or maturing and then ultimately the calculations on shared savings being done, that usually happens in the back half of the year and that's when we'll recognize the shared savings dollars. That's why you see the decline from Q4 with still call it a positive timing surprise.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually [Nibiya Gutierrez] (ph) on for Kevin. Thanks for taking the question. I have just another quick question on labor. You said you expect continued wage pressure in the year? What are you assuming for wage inflation this year? And how does it compare to last year and pre-COVID levels? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Thomas on for [Andrew] (ph). Thanks for taking the question. Could you walk us through the underlying drivers of the treatment growth beat in the quarter as well as provide an update on how mistreatment rates are tracking sequentially? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. And a quick follow-up. I wanted to ask about the ESA switch to Mircera. Specifically, are there any KPIs you can share to track the transition? And do you have any update on the cadence of the rollout? Thanks.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I like to use the treatment per day number and you'll see that that number is up about 90 bps quarter-over-quarter. That is largely driven by census increases and that's the result of admissions increases in Q1 offset by continued excess mortality, which is way down relative to prior years, but remains higher than it was pre-COVID. In terms of mistreatment rates, it continues to trend well above the pre-COVID number. It can move around from one quarter to the next. There's a lot of seasonality and other impacts in it, but we are still seeing it running roughly 100 basis points higher than what we saw pre-COVID.
Javier J. Rodriguez: We do not have any disclosures on it. All I can tell you is that the rollout is going as well as we expected and that from a clinical perspective, we are seeing the results that we wanted. So it's going as planned.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Let me take the first part of that and Joel can take the second part of that. On IKC, as you can imagine, it is a growing business and while we're making really good progress, it is clearly in the investment phase of the business. And so there is no change what we see the full year, we had a bit of timing in there. So the number looks a little better on a quarter-to-date than it will on an annualized basis, we're still on target to what we've said.
Javier J. Rodriguez: It's a little too early to call it. We've been studying and evaluating all different data sources and we're not ready to draw any conclusions. But there's a lot of movement upstream on the CKD population in particular with COVID. And so we will look because as you know there's some things that are making progression slower. On the other hand, there's things that are expanding life expectancy. And so our math is not leading to any conclusion at this point.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So excess mortality was about 900 patients in the quarter. We have brought down slightly our expectations of excess mortality for the balance of the year but we're still looking at a number somewhere between 2,500 and 3000 patients. In terms of what's built into the middle of our guidance range.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. Thanks, Pito. A couple of things. We're not seeing anything to report on from the managed care negotiations and just to refresh you, we've talked about our contractor multi-year in any given year, we negotiated roughly about 20% or so of our portfolio and we're not seeing anything different in this year. What we've talked about in Q4 last year is that we said we would get a revenue per treatment increase year-over-year from 2% to 2.5%, 2023 over 2022.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So we haven't quantified the number. We've always said it will be part of the $125 million to $175 million but not the biggest piece. The biggest piece of that is Mircera. We'll get -- so that'll be in 2023. There'll still be some amount that will rollover into 2024, but we'll get most of it in 2023.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So I think what we said was that in the year, last year, remember contract labor was running around hundred million and we said for the year this year, we'd be half of that and now today we move that -- we are moving better -- at a better pace. So that number will be more like $35 million. But again, I would point you to the beginning of the conversation where we said the most important part is the interplay between all the variability of all those metrics because, of course, training productivity wages, benefits and contract labor are all intertwined, but that's the number.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Yes. So here's the way I'd think about the training cost. They peaked last year as a result really of two things, higher turnover combined with the need for us to net add staff and those combined to a high training level. As we sit here today, the turnover remains elevated. It's gotten better on with some class of late birth than others. But it still remains elevated. So we're expecting continued high training levels until that comes down. We're modeling the back half of the year but we are much closer or at fully staffed. So some of the training associated with getting the staffing levels back up is now done and that will mitigate some of the training costs relative to the peak we saw in Q3 last year.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Not a lot. The change in contract labor is a much bigger tailwind relative to 2022 in the training productivity. And that's -- it's partly because we're not going to see the training productivity improve till the back half of the year. It's also partly because in the beginning of 2022, training productivity was still low. So we saw the spike in Q3, but that was only one quarter.
Javier J. Rodriguez: Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for the questions. As I hope you've heard today, we have some positive momentum to start the year that the results of Q1 proved to be sustainable trend. We're excited about the implications for our patients, our teammates, and our financial performance in 2023 and beyond. Thank you all for joining the call and be well.
