Kent Thiry: Thank you and thank all of you for your interest in DaVita. We had another solid quarter. I'll cover five quick topics. Number one, clinical outcomes, number two bundling, number three government investigations, number four industry dynamics, excuse me number four outlook and number five, industry dynamics.  First clinical outcome is which we always cover first because we are first and foremost, a care giving company serving above 119,000 patients now. Referred to this spec of adequacy which is essentially how well you’re doing at, removing toxins from our patients blood, this quarter, 96% of our hemodialysis patients had a Kt/V greater than 1.2. Second with respect to divesture access, 66% our patients have fistulas which is a preferred form of vascular abscess. Third, in management, positions that managed 65% of our patients to hemoglobin levels it tends between 10 and 12 over the last three months.  For these inversely all other clinical measures are patient outcomes compared very favorably to the national averages. Our high quality, our high quality clinical care and that is only results in healthier patience. But it also drives reductions and hospitalization and surgical procedures and therefore significant savings to the American Tax payer.  Topic number 2 the bundle is simply nominal information to report. We are waiting for the final rule just as you are CMS is still likely to release it in late May or June while we hope the rule will be much better than the interim rule and in fact we expected it. I want to remind everyone that a bad bundling rule would mean that centers will close which would hurt both access to care and the quality of care.  Topic number 3 government investigations, we were recently notified by the department of justice that it is conducting a similar investigation into the company financial relationships with positions. We have not received any more detail in that but are expecting subpoena sometime in the near future. As most of you know investigations in this nature generally take years to conclude also as most of you know our comments at this stage must necessarily be quite generic.  Namely with 34,000 team-mates in more 1800 locations across the country it would be naïve to assert that we are sure that we are perfect everywhere and everyday. And we whole heartedly respect the government’s responsibility to ensure the appropriateness of our and other provider practices. However for any perspective share holders out there listening or doing due diligence on DaVita. You will find that our 10 year track record with respect to these types of investigations is almost uniquely positive in the world of American Health Care.  Topic number 4, outlook. Very simply we are maintaining our 2010 operating income guidance of $950 million to $1.02 billion looking into 2011 everyone know we faced challenges and opportunities of adapting to the new bundle and that could mean and probably will mean two to four quarters of transitional activities. The fifth and final topic, just stepping back for a moment and looking at fundamental industry dynamics and the fundamental risk to avoid characteristics of your investments or potential investment in us. On the risk side there is no understating the fact that there is an unusual government rate pressure these days in all of American healthcare and there is normal private rate pressure, that there is simply no getting away from those risks on the upside side however point, A, the bundle does create $1.1 billion of innovation potential and in that sphere scale helps. Point B, if government funding becomes more inadequate centers will close and given CMS shares accountability for 88% of American dialyses patients center closings are appropriately highly visible and highly sensitive. Point C, the structure of our industry and of course our own business model therefore is still marked by one stable demand, number two, distinctively transparent economics and clinical performance with 85% of the centers being stand alone and all during essentially 1 DRG 0.3 of that 75% of the centers in America being owned by rational shareholders who recognize the sad fact that the government does not cover the expenses in taking care of the patients for whom they have assumed responsibility and therefore the private sector must unfortunately subsidize that deficit and points soar. The proximity and continuity of care for these patients is incredibly important. And then the final point to be made on the upside side is recently three of the MDOs the Medium Dialysis Organization the small chains if you were have received private equity funding which appears to reflect compatible lead on risk reward characteristics that I just walked us through. And now on to Rich Whitney our CFO.
Kent Thiry: Fair question and you are correct in your premise given the multiples that some of these transactions were done at the odds that we would offer a premium to that in time in the near future and do a transaction are necessarily lower than they were had we done the deal itself and so your premise is correct. There are still other potential acquisition in this space and then there are of course are the options which outlined of buying back stock or paying down debt and then we have the final option of investing in accelerating growth in our home infusion business or elsewhere. So those are things that start to move up the priority list given a number of the small change might be temporarily off the table at a reasonable price.
Kent Thiry: Once again your premise is correct, higher to do enough tiny ones to equal doing a medium one, although the bundle may lead to an increase in the number of small properties on the market, we really can't predict that with any certainty at this time.
Kent Thiry: A fair question We've historically been incredibly reticent to put some kind of time frame on making a decision like that because who knows what will change not between now, today when we say that and the day of whatever timeline that we would offer up so I guess we prefer rather than commenting on the short term future, instead look back at our history and it’s clear that we never go too long without making a definitive decision and acting on it in a relatively clear way and so I think the past is the most useful guide in this case and for decisions like this unless you think you are a superb predictor of the future in a way that no one else is plus or minus a month or two is just not relevant to long term shareholder value.
Kent Thiry: I wish we knew what pricing was going to look like on deals for the balance of the year. Whenever there’s new capital infused into segments and we don’t know at this point exactly what the net amount of new capital but its appropriate how they are concerned that might drive up some pricing. On the other hand, most of the companies we’re talking about having a history of being quite disciplined in their deployment of capital and that’s a good thing. And then, in addition, the uncertainty around bundling makes a lot of folks a little more hesitant, not necessarily more hesitant to invest in the space generally but in deciding which centers are most attractive.  So at this point, if you asked everybody in this side of their speaker phone, whether prices would likely to be higher or lower the same, you probably get a mixture of opinions with a slight bias towards being higher, but it is really slight.
Kent Thiry: To the basic question which we will do, we have no idea until we see the rule and as to the variable right Gary the list gets pretty long given everything that was in the proposed rule that will probably be different but we don't know how different and so it's I think too longer list to be useful because the rules going to affect so many part of our cost and revenue structure so I think it's better to just say at this point we are totally open minded.
Kent Thiry: What caused them to focus on it which is their general budget situation the VA particularly and the government more generally and then it’s important to point out that the rule applies to all aspects of the health care they provide not just dialysis.
Kent Thiry: It's too early in I guess calling in a conversation might not be the right label. It is too early in the process to handicap the outcome. There are a number of people on the VA who are still very resolved to do exactly what they set out to do ‘X’ months ago. There are number of other people who are now very worried that if they do that for dialysis patients they may cause harm to a lot of veterans and significantly increase total health care costs and so what’s the point. Its our responsibility as a community and as a leading provided to go to them with responsible coherent, implementable proposals which get them hard dollar savings and at the same time preserved gets access to the kind of care that we provided that they cant get otherwise so it simply too early to handicap and we are making a little bit of targets every month but to express any optimism would be unfair to you.
Kent Thiry: Financial relationships with physicians and we don’t have any details beyond that, what that typically means of course is joint ventures and medical director arrangements and things like that but that’s just speculating. We just know the label of financial relationships for the physicians. 
Kent Thiry: Well, the short answer is yes. Based on our guess on what they are going to look at and so, totally, know more about what they’re going to look at. We can't say definitively that someone else is already looked at it but a lot of our position related stuff has been looked at a couple of times over the last 10 years. That does not mean that this new process might not focus on something that has not been locked at before and so I want to be very careful in my word choice. 
Kent Thiry: Not that we know of but it’s pretty impossible to answer given we don’t have any thing from them. So probably be best answer to the question you asked is we don’t know because we don’t know anything beyond that which we’ve said.
Kent Thiry: We have done more JVs with nephrologists than any other company ever and we continue to be very comfortable with that model and therefore our position today is the same it has been when they are done correctly. They are very good for all stakeholders and we will continue to do them with great regularity.
Kent Thiry: First a moments history which will be helpful to anyone who is new to the DaVita. The first year after we bought the home infusion company we almost killed it, we smothered it with mothership love and the second year the team which was fortunately still there. And a new group of DaVita partners did a wonderful job of turning it around and giving it back not only to where it had been but beyond where it had been. And so we are only about 9 months 12 months into Phase 3, post hurting it, post turning it around and coming of a very nice 12 months of growth and a whole bunch of dimensions and improved capability. So with that as a factual backdrop we do want that business to grow much more in 10 and 11 than they did in 08 and 09. At this point we are focused significantly on de novo growth versus acquisition growth because we are not quite comfortable yet with paying the multiples and exposing near capital in that fashion. However we have looked at a couple of opportunities and we are not totally closed to it but I repeat our primary growth of this is on a dramatic expansion of our de novo’s in that space.
Kent Thiry: I think it’s very possible that what we have and this is in response to your question, so it’s not a point of view that we are pushing but in response to your question, everyone knows that over the next years coming down the biological pipeline the pharma pipeline there are a number of more complex drugs in biologicals that scream out for more coherence distribution, value added distribution if you will. In order to get to the right patients under the right clinical protocols with the right data collected etcetera.  And with our network of 1600, 1700 dialysis centers with caregivers and integrated electronic medical system with the some infusion companies experience in taking care of lots of different pharmaceutical delivery both at home and in infusion suits and the DaVita Rx’s capability to deliver either to a center or to the home all the drugs that a patient needs that don’t require being handed over and infused or injected by a nurse, it is possible that we could become a highly differentiated value added distributor and partner to a lot of those pharma and biotech companies. We will see, but we've put together the ingredient’s how long it might take to cook that into something that attractive to you guys is not clear but we certainly do think about it.
Kent Thiry: Short answer is not very much. On the one hand it has been useful as we were hoping to use the home infusion company as way of getting a whole other lens of looking at home hemodialysis because you necessarily end up of having a whole bunch of conventional wisdom embedded and you are thinking that you don't even realize and by having another successful business that does a lot of stuff at home and helped us calling the question certain operating assumptions that we didn't even know we are making with respect to home hemodialysis whether hemo or PD so that is useful, having said that at this point still most of the investment dynamics around home hemodialysis are not affected by anything going on in the home IV.
Kent Thiry: I cannot do a good job of responding so people understand we will scurry about while we are taking other questions and see if we can get you something useful for everyone else to hear and if not you can follow up with a phone call and we will give you that update.
Kent Thiry: Well in fact now there is another 10 seconds to reflect and being a little slow here today when you sit in Missouri, I didn’t quickly align that with St. Louis. St Louis has been very quite for a couple of years now that’s the answer to that question; I apologize for my inability to do any geographic matching in my head.
Kent Thiry: Well let make a step at the answering and then LeAnne you can correct me if I get it wrong. The fact is there was a common period and the industry did submit a number of written comments for their reflection and they are now in a reflecting stage. And LeAnne is bowing her head up and down saying that all those words are accurate.
Kent Thiry: And they know that we are pretty intense in this subject, the entire provider community and so there will be some major league opportunities for some of them to dramatically improve or secure their strategic position but the details around that will require some thrashing.
Kent Thiry: I think honest answer to the question is if you ask me four years ago I would have predicted that more would have happened by then and so that's the answer to your question. If you would ask me two years ago I would have said we will be right about where we are because the private payers have so many other larger segments that got some serious data issues and they have this issue understandably around their need to subsidize the government and when the X percent that are private subsidizing in deficit traded by the 85 to 88% that are government that leads to higher rates which don’t exactly put you in the mood to want to do all sorts of other things. So I think that some of why it is moved slowly and I wouldn't anticipate any dramatic change in the next year or two either.
Kent Thiry: We have a small number of physicians who are employed full time or part time if that’s a tiny number. We off course do acquisitions and joint ventures, acquisitions and divestures separate from joint ventures. So those are a couple of the other categories that I can think of but the categories you mentioned are the ones that are numerically most prominent. 
Kent Thiry: Let me step in and a little closer to this one, the primary answer to your question is that they are quite spread. However it is definitely true when Rich had prophesized about it and asked for his answer that, there are a small number of centers for the high number of debts and it would be very difficult to keep them open.
Kent Thiry: Because when we are doing acquisitions we can allow for arrange of potential bundling outcomes and had a satisfactory price, we feel very comfortable that risk adjusted our shareholders equity getting good return and there are same ways de novos, those decisions tend to come in much smaller chunks than some other decisions. If we think about batching acquisitions together into a single $300 million acquisition then as opposed to sort of buying all, is the same as to buy stock all in one day or do you buy overtime does necessarily for both different thinking as we evaluate it and if you are doing 100 smaller transactions spread over a year.
Kent Thiry: I don't know if I’ve used those exact words so I probably just repeat the words I said, the good news about buying back our own stock, if we don't do it today we know we can do it tomorrow. The tough thing about acquisition is if you don't buy today somebody else maybe will and you can't come back and say 60 days, see I change my mind. So it's pretty hard to compare those two decisions given as such a radical difference in the context and in which you are making them.
Rich Whitney: We are not going to change our position so it doesn’t makes sense for us to disclose that number but I think what I would say is that we have fair amount of our business bundled and we expect to bundle more in the current year and I think that we’re comfortable with where we stand at this point in time. That’s probably the only color that I think we can offer. 
Rich Whitney: Kevin there on revenue for treatment there is number of components of course one is the pricing and the other is at least until we are bundled the fluctuations that we see quarter to quarter in our position prescribed pharmaceutical intensities. And then off course we have the mix our care mix and so currently our commercial pricing is solid and pretty consistent with our recent experience so hasn’t been much of a change there.  As it relates to intensities the, what we seen over the last couple of quarters it is really fluctuation within the normal band of how it moved historically. But obviously it is important not mention as the driver of revenue for treatment. And then finally we have experienced discontinued deterioration and mix and its been seven quarters now as we said in the past its roughly half patients staying with us longer meaning lower mortality primarily and have the mix of new patients which really is tracking that the changes we’ve seen in the economy and unemployment and more directly the lower number of insurance lives that all insurance companies are reporting.  So it’s been very difficult for us to predict with any accuracy revenue per treatment direction right now. Those are the underlined components that we are looking for a signal on mix in terms if taught we haven’t seen that yet. And not much changing right now we are doing fine on commercial pricing and not much changing right now we are doing fine on commercial pricing and intensities we would expect the same kind of quarter-to-quarter fluctuation within reasonable bands that we have seen for the last four or six quarters.
Rich Whitney: Yes deteriorated further as it has for past seven quarters and in Q1 the deterioration was not as significant as it was in Q4.
Rich Whitney: Yeah well I think we should probably start by saying there is some confusion on our side as whether, whether they are talking about revenue mix or volume mix. We are talking volume mix so I wanted start by saying that and then as it relates to our own trends as we often said it is half improve mortality in half the climbed mix newer patients which to us given everything that’s going on around us broadly in health care and the economy this pretty expected. We would think that both of those factors would be impacting I can see in the same kind of way.  And in fact we have look at the mix changes to our markets where we share our presence with FMC and the decline of those markets has been consistent with the overall decline in the rest of our business so we don’t really see any difference in the markets where we are sharing market or competing head to head with FMC. So of course we don’t have any of this data we only have our own which we monitor incredibly closely but the difference could be in this definition of what does one mean by commercial mix, its possible there could be a geographic differences although again we only see it in the market that we look at and then finally we sort of have to be open to the possibility that they may just be up performing us. So, we are taking it pretty seriously.
Rich Whitney: Well, I think what we could say is that there is at least one highly respected analyst that’s offered us a number of $50 million as being a potential estimate of the impact and I think what we would say is the fact that, that’s a fair and reasonable estimate of what the exposure could be here.
Rich Whitney: Well as proposed, October 1, of 2010 and whether that actually can happen on that time table is another question. But that’s as proposed.
Rich Whitney: Sure, Brian. Really no change from what we said at capital markets day which is your expectation in the current year we are open around the same number of de novos that we opened last year and so you can think about it as around 80, the maybe the only other thing to report is that while we are still experiencing de novos certification delays we have been successful on working down that backlog of uncertified de novos and the number that we have right now is about 44 so it's down quite a bit from the I think the peak levels were around almost 60 if I am not mistaken, that give you a sense we probably won't continue to report on the exact number because the issue is moderating from a shareholder perspective but of course we are still dealing with the day to day and some states are worse than others etcetera.
Rich Whitney: That's really just a timing issue; our guidance really remains the same on what we expect from strategic initiatives. That are first quarter than they were tracking at but no change in outlook for the year.
Rich Whitney: TBD but we know the seniors would have to come out most likely, have to come out to facilitate a re-financing. And then I think your third question was what are you thinking about in terms of during the re-financing and I don’t have a concrete answer for you at the moment. Again, we’re kind of waiting that you get through this bundling rule here. However, given the maturities, it would be certainly are expectation that by the time we got into, first or second quarter of 2011 that we would have expected that re-financed by that.
Rich Whitney: I think the bottom-line if it has not been active in some time we will get you a couple of more factoids. 
Rich Whitney: I can add on to that. We were in document production all the way through the end of 2009 but in terms of having any kind of substantive contact with the government, it’s been since 2008 that we have had any. 
Rich Whitney: We have some doubt this business that we don’t own, would be owned less than 50% that’s affected best. And there are few other things in there. Let me get back to you on that.
Rich Whitney: Yes just two day improvement sequentially and it is really a function of a strong cash collection quarter. You know some improvements they made, over time and we hope it’s sustainable but not ready to predict that at the moment.
Rich Whitney: No, we had one larger one in the not too distant past; I think it’s really of more function of the changing profitability in some of those investments. We only have a handful of them just not really part of our core part of our strategy.
Rich Whitney: We don’t have a belief of that is will be a significant trend, what we expect the impact will likely be as it will see a shifting from Medicare covered patients to Medicaid covered patients. Unlike other provider segments, we don’t have the uninsured issue because virtually all patients can qualify for Medicare. So I think that would be the primary, the other factor that plays into this is secondary coverage. A lot of patients are covered by Medicare in the primary position and don’t have secondary coverage for the co-pay because they don’t need to income test to qualify for the secondary coverage, to qualify for Medicare. So that also would be where we would expect to see the trends on Medicaid. That’s all independent from funding changes and Medicaid which are a whole different story.
Rich Whitney: They aren’t spread geographically but as Kent mentioned earlier, maybe they were in my remarks if the cut goes through undoubtedly, some centers will have enough VA patients but to make a difference relative to have a tough go and may have to close 
Rich Whitney: Andreas just to be complete, the other thing that we would add to Kent’s answer about the financial relationships with the physicians that we do from time to time have leases with physicians where we think offices from them or in fact sometimes there maybe a leasing officers from us. And that’s an area where we have a whole seven procedures to make sure that those leases are done at an arm’s length to fair market value basis.
Rich Whitney: You know its really the VA, it pays us in different ways in different parts of the country, so I think that the best we could do for you right now is really point to the estimates that are out there which are in the neighborhood of 50 million, I think we don’t want to cut it any finer than that and that’s a reasonable characterization of the risk.
Rich Whitney: As you have all the pieces, you can do the math and kind of get close I just don’t want to close your number.
Richard Whitney: Gary let me circle back and give you the answers to some of the things that we didn’t have at our finger tips. So the call premium is 101.656 and our estimate is that we would have a one time pre-tax charge of about $4 million to accounts for that in Q2. And your question about equity income I hope it is there and am not sure if there was something else in there, but here’s what it is in centers that we don’t a own a 100% but are consolidated in our financial statements the owner share of that income shows up in minority interest so what you use to get all minority interest.  What shows up in the equity income is our centers where we have the minority interest and we don’t consolidate those centers that we only pickup our share of their income. So, that’s the difference and what I wanted to check is whether that was everything and in fact that is everything you see that runs through that line item.
Richard Whitney: I think the other thing in this sort that they were done in my prepared remarks is that you got to stop talking about the context that there were a series of reasons why we were being conservative with our cash for the last 12 months and none of those really had anything to do with what the price of our stock was. They had to do with preserving financial flexibility and liquidity for potential opportunities and because of uncertainty in the market place, financial markets and otherwise. So I think that, sort of tempting as somebody’s things to start to clear to forget that it hasn’t been that long since the bunch of these uncertainties began to fall away and including literally in the last several weeks when a number of the mid sized balance, this organization did transactions that would lead us to believe that maybe the argument in near term transaction might be lower. So these things are evolving. We still have the bundling rule ahead of us and that would keep us from doing anything dramatic but I don’t think you should read too much into what our views are on the stock price by the fact that we have build up this amount of cash because its really the other factors that you have mentioned. Hopefully that helps.
Richard Whitney: Yeah I think the way I look at it is we give you a five of the primary reasons and each one of these reasons individually is only really a couple of million dollars. The collection of them that leads us to a different kind of sequential trend in operating income, this year that maybe you are used to. And again, still feel fine about the year; it’s really just how this develops quarter-by-quarter.
