James K. Hilger: Thanks, Kent. First, I'd like to cover a few more dialysis operating metrics. Our non-acquired growth in the quarter was 5.4% when normalized for days of the week. And our U.S. dialysis revenue per treatment was up $1.13 from the prior quarter. This was impacted by annual patient vaccinations, as well as an improvement in average commercial rates, partially offset by a slight decline in commercial mix. Our dialysis patient care costs increased $1.49 per treatment from the prior quarter, driven primarily by higher compensation costs, slightly increased pharma utilization and the seasonal administration of flu vaccines, offset by certain other costs, including the expenses related to our annual leadership meeting, which was held in the second quarter. Our dialysis G&A cost per treatment increased $1.41 from the prior quarter, primarily due to a $9 million write-off of certain obsolete IT assets. And during the quarter, we experienced $8 million in international losses. We continue to expect international losses for 2013 to be less than $30 million, excluding any impact of ramping up operations for the following government tenders we have recently been awarded. In Saudi Arabia, we've been notified formerly by the government that we have been awarded a contract that will increase our participation there, but we have not yet negotiated final terms of this contract. In Colombia, we've been awarded a contract that will result in our building 10 new centers to serve more than 1,000 additional patients, nearly doubling our presence in the country. Next, with HCP. HealthCare Partners operating income was $98 million in the quarter, up $17 million from the prior quarter, as Kent previously discussed. For the overall enterprise, our debt expense was $108 million in the third quarter, consistent with what we guided last quarter. The effective tax rate attributable to DaVita HealthCare Partners was 38.3% in the quarter. This excludes the impact of the increase in the loss contingency reserve recorded and the effects of a FIN 48 adjustment related to tax assets, which were created through the HCP acquisition escrow provisions. This Q3 adjustment resulted in an $8 million increase in corporate G&A expense offset by an equal reduction in income tax expense. You should expect similar adjustments will be likely to recur in the third quarter of the next few years. Note that we now expect a tax rate of 39% to 40% for 2013, excluding the impact of the items mentioned above and the HCP earnout adjustment. Next, we've made some changes to our 2013 operating income guidance. Kidney care operating income is now expected to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.52 billion. And the guidance range for HealthCare Partners operating income is now $380 million to $400 million, and there is a chance we may fall below this range. The net impact of both of these results in a slight increase on our overall guidance to a new range of $1.88 billion to $1.92 billion. These guidance ranges exclude the impact of any legal settlement to the physician relationship investigations, impact from the change in value of the 2013 earnout associated with the HealthCare Partners' transaction and the just mentioned Q3 tax-related adjustment. As always, our guidance ranges capture the majority of probabilistic outcomes on a number of swing factors. Now turning to cash flow, operating cash flow in the quarter was strong at $733 million. Cash flow in the quarter benefited from the timing of compensation payments, other working capital items and cash taxes. Please note that some of these items are likely to reverse in the fourth quarter. And due to the strong continued cash -- this continued strong cash flow, we have increased our cash flow guidance. Our updated expectation for 2013 operating cash flow is now between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion. This guidance excludes the impact of any potential legal settlement payment we may make related to the physician relationship investigations. And before we go to Q&A, I would like to welcome our incoming CFO, Garry Menzel, who is with us today. As previously announced, Garry will assume the CFO role after our third quarter 10-Q is filed. It's been a pleasure to be your interim CFO. I will be remaining with the company in my ongoing role as Chief Accounting Officer, and I look forward to working with Garry. And with that, operator, let's go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
James K. Hilger: Darren, this is Jim Hilger. Just to clarify, the $9 million was a write-off of IT assets in kidney care. And I misspoke before, I said it was amortization. It's in the G&A line, although it's a noncash charge. We did not non-GAAP that $9 million. We have puts and takes in every quarter, but we did want to use -- to give you that explanation so you could understand the increase in G&A cost per treatment on a quarter-by-quarter basis. The $7.7 million tax adjustment, that was a -- there was a 0 impact on EPS related to that matter. However, the $7.7 million was distortive to the income tax rate, and we called it out so that you wouldn't get the wrong idea and extrapolate a lower income tax rate as a result of that adjustment.
James K. Hilger: This is Jim Hilger. I just want to come back to you, Gary Taylor, on your question about our EBITDA. Our Q3 EBITDA was $137.2 million, and that compares to Q2 2013 of $120 million. Hopefully that answers your question.
Kent J. Thiry: Thanks, Kevin. As we've said for a year or 2, there is more downside in the exchanges than upside for us for reasons that we can go in to if people want. And our assessment of that has only increased in the sense that we now see more downside in the way exchanges are unfolding than we did 6 months ago or whenever other recent times for a whole bunch of different factors. So we see much more downside in exchanges, both in terms of probability and amount, than we did earlier in the year.
Kent J. Thiry: In general, in the years to come, we intend to do more partnership with medical device companies in particular, and in some cases pharma, to help new technologies come in and penetrate the kidney care and HealthCare Partners space in a way which will allow us to do an even better job of population health management. And that's the strategic context within which we did the CVRx deal. And I would think over the 2, 3 years -- I would hope over the next 2 to 3 years, you'll see us do a couple more things like that to continue to drive medical innovation and hopefully improve our value added to all stakeholders.
Kent J. Thiry: I think the bulk of that conversation should be left for the Capital Markets, Justin. But when we say significantly, I certainly wouldn't rule out double digits. But I think, we are going to shed a lot more light on this when we can go through a lot more analysis, as well as have the additional data from the intervening month.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes. We would never preclude being our own plan strategically. At the same time, in most places, what we want is to have an excellent partnership with our existing plans, and so that's where we start. Having said that, over the course of time, we wouldn't be at all surprised if in some situation, it made sense for us to be a plan, either in equity partnership with some other plan or alone. But job 1 for us is to become great partners for our existing plans that we work with.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, that is fair. Although, my first point just had to do with more people going on the exchanges period, more people with private insurance as opposed to being anything in particular with respect to MSP, which is a little bit of a different issue, although it overlaps.
Kent J. Thiry: With us, it is more likely that we won't see the patient because we wouldn't agree to a lower rate. And so if somebody else does, we won't see that new patient, somebody else will.
Kent J. Thiry: We're in the mix right now. But I think it would not be a good idea for us to go into more detail. What was important for us fulfilling our responsibilities to you, our shareholders, was to let you know that this was going on and what this large payer had told us was underlying some of it. And so we felt an obligation to share that information. At the same time, going into a lot more detail is probably not a good idea.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I think, whenever something like this has happened in an intense way, we used to share it with you because it's our job. And because for us, to be sort of blithely confident that it will all work out fine seems inappropriate. We will certainly do absolutely the best we can. And the good news is we have just this wonderful quality story to tell, both in terms of clinical outcomes and the care and concern demonstrated in our centers. But we can't take something like this lightly when it's happening in such an intense way. And then, I think you put it in the context of everything else I referred to, which is just stuff going on at the same time with exchanges and employers doing new things and physicians doing new things and hospitals buying more physicians and multi-specialty groups growing and the list goes on and on, that in the context of such a dynamic environment with so many crumbling boundaries and moving parts, the same type of thing that maybe has happened once or twice in the past is, I think, even more potentially disruptive.
Kent J. Thiry: No. Let me try on that one because there's never been a need to abate or mitigate against something of this size, or at least not for a long time, so there's no good analog for it. And the fact is, without this big rate cut, which was larger than anyone expected in that space, we would be, I think, all quite happy with the conversation that we're having today. And so it's important to separate out this extreme reimbursement change from the underlying recurring economics of our business. At the same time, we want to make sure that while shareholders understand the tremendous interest there is from lots of parties to work with us. We also simultaneously want to remind you that one doesn't just partner with somebody, flip a switch and start generating the same kind of results in new markets as in the historic legacy markets. And so that story is both a big positive and, as we build our capability, an achievable positive, but it has quite a lag time associated with it. So is that helpful? You got the big rate cut story and then you've got this big growth issue. And underneath growth, part A is not a demand and part B is slow implementation time.
Kent J. Thiry: Let me go ahead and just say we hadn't provided 2014 guidance earlier, so this is the first time, really, talking about it. And in the interim period is where we experienced the disappointing reality of payers not making material adjustments to their benefit design. So that's a big piece of incremental news, which, unfortunately, was a negative. Now again, it's a negative with that silver lining of had they done a bunch of benefit design cuts, that might have actually reduced MA volume growth. And so there's an interesting strategic trade-off there. Nonetheless, we didn't expect them to do so few benefit changes and that's where you get a lot of serious incremental short-term math, because that -- those economics hits you right away day 1, whereas any economic benefit of growth is significantly delayed.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, fair question, Darren. We are -- at this point, we would predict that we are going to complete a new deal that will significantly improve our performance there. But it is not done yet.
Kent J. Thiry: Yes, I don't -- not appropriate to go into detail for all the reasons you know, Darren, as frustrating as it is for both of us not to be able to talk about them. And we certainly have the reason we're predicting we're going to get something done is because we've reached agreement on a lot of important stuff. But as you know, until something is done, it's not done. And so we have to give you kind of the unsatisfying answer that we are.
Kent J. Thiry: The implementation of our relationship with FMC is underway. And, of course, it -- our relationship with FMC is multifaceted, with Rx being one piece of it. And so that implementation is going smoothly. And as to expected to aggregate Rx economics, I think our custom has been not to share those, and I wouldn't want to start doing that on an ad hoc, ad lib basis.
Kent J. Thiry: It is -- what would be the right qualitative way to summarize? It is significant. And let me just sort of let people confer a little bit and see what additional information we can safely provide, okay? And -- but go ahead with another question while they're doing that.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I don't know that -- let me take a stab. I don't know that anything has changed with respect to our view on HCP other than the material new data on benefit designs and the fact that they didn't change much.
Kent J. Thiry: Okay, correct. And so the question is why now do we think we'll be -- why are we at the low end of the range and...
Kent J. Thiry: Oh, okay. All right. Well, it's getting down to pretty small numbers that, given the old guidance and the size of that range and sort of moving from just saying the range to saying the low end, you start to talk about movements of $10 million plus or minus or so. And in HealthCare Partners, that kind of volatility in medical utilization and claims costs and other things can easily create that kind of swing. So I don't think there's a specific answer to your question as to one thing, which led us to say, instead of just saying, oh, it's the same range, saying that we're going to be at the lower end probably or even fall below is more sort of a composite result, not a single thing.
Kent J. Thiry: Recognize again that we're only one portion of their network and their relationships with all their network, I'm quite sure, vary. So they -- they're more or less of the risk of those benefit changes based on individual relationships that they may have with the rest of their network. So I think you'd have to ask the plans directly about their decision process on maintaining margin versus growth.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, first, I think we'll provide a much better answer at Capital Markets than we will in a snippet right now. But on the specific second question you asked, we're absolutely open to buying things with low margins or negative margins or partnering with people who have low margins or negative margins. Often those can be the best return on capital deals if we turn them around. At the same time, we're not all averse to paying a normal multiple on a recurring stream of earnings, but we have 0 preference between those 2 situations. It's all about risk-adjusted long-term return on capital.
Kent J. Thiry: I'll answer the second. At this point, well, a couple of plans have diverged from the norm. That's about it at this point in terms of decisions that have been made. The aggregate reality is dominantly most payers doing more or less the same thing. On the other issue of how concentrated or fragmented are our plan clients, I don't think we've shared that. I'm looking across the table.
Kent J. Thiry: No. Actually, most did very little adjusting benefits. One outlier actually increased benefits, so that was the -- it was a small player that was the most striking divergent episode.
Kent J. Thiry: Well, I've just -- I haven't looked at the entire distribution curve, so I just don't want to [indiscernible] there was only one. But I can tell you, whether there was one outlier or 2 or 3, out of all the different plans we deal with that the dominant reality was as we've characterized it.
Kent J. Thiry: All right. I'll -- let me just have the team determine if that is something that we've provided as a matter of course. And if we can go on to the next one and come back to it, that would be much appreciated, Gary.
Kent J. Thiry: Sure, appreciate the question. And we've pretty much given the same answer now for 14 years, which is that we look at that capital allocation question very regularly and intensely, and at different times, have been quite aggressive in buying back stock. Other times, we've opted to pay down debt. Other times, we've held cash because we thought we might have a shot at doing a significant acquisition. And so we've made highly customized decisions across the spectrum of capital allocation alternatives, depending entirely on our assessment of our internal and external situation within our markets and then integrating that with our view of the capital markets. So right now, we are hoping that we'll reach a settlement with the government, which will then consume a significant subset of that cash. And beyond that, we are staring very much at how to think about what to do with our excess cash in '14 and '15. We hope that we get to buy some really good stuff. But if that doesn't happen, then we'll be staring a lot at the 2 other alternatives.
Kent J. Thiry: That was not a structural change. Well, I don't -- I can't -- I can only comment on our arrangement with that payer. I have no idea with the other provider, whether that was...
Kent J. Thiry: Okay. Thanks, everyone, very much. We look forward to seeing you at our Capital Markets in a month's time and having a much more in-depth discussion to some of these issues. Thank you.
Darren P. Lehrich: Okay. Well, that's a helpful status update that you're optimistic you'll have a deal. All right. And then, I wanted to switch gears to just DaVita Rx, if I could. There was a big transition of some of the Fresenius patients using your, I guess, infrastructure DaVita Rx. And I'm wondering if you can just update us, has any of the transition started to occur? I think you originally referred to second half of this year. And how will that play out, I guess, over time? And maybe any general sizing of your DaVita Rx business at this stage of the game.
Darren P. Lehrich: Yes, I know, I guess I wasn't looking for economics related to this specifically, just a general sizing of Rx at this point.
Darren P. Lehrich: Yes, just maybe a couple other things here, and I'll jump. I appreciate you conferring there. So in Footnote 5, you've got the total care dollars under management for HCP. And it looks like the institutional capitation amounts have been pretty stable the last couple of quarters, but we obviously saw higher risk-sharing revenues in the third quarter. I'm just wondering, Matt, maybe if you can help us think about that and how it sort of moves sequentially what fourth quarter typically looks like relative to that line item? I just -- we're still all getting a hang of HCP quarter-to-quarter.
Darren P. Lehrich: Okay. All right. And then the last question is just more along the lines of what I think you mentioned before there was $9 million write-off and there was $7.7 million, or call it $8 million of tax adjustments in HCP. So $17 million that got flowed through OI, just the way you've reported it. Are those things that you typically would x out? Because, I guess, when I think about it, it's $0.08 or $0.09 of EPS that you just haven't called out in your press release real clearly.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: Want to go back to HCP for a minute here. I think earlier in the call, you kind of said that you hadn't really given 2014 guidance. But in a response to my question in the Q1 call, I kind of asked you guys how you felt about 2014 opportunities within HCP, given the finalization of the rate cut. I think your response was that it hasn't changed a whole lot because 2013 was coming in better than you thought. And 2014, the rate cut was going to be more accelerated than you thought, although directionally probably where you thought things might go eventually. And that net, you felt about the same as you did when you first entered into the transaction about what 2014 would look like. It sounds like -- well A I guess since then we've had 2 disappointing quarters around HCP. But it sounds like now that things have really changed around your view for what HCP will look like next year, so it does sound like something has really changed. I mean, how do we think about the, A, I guess, the performance this quarter and what kind of makes you feel more comfortable at the low end of the range? Is there a specific geography, is it still New Mexico or is there something else going on there? And then, B, how do we think about your ability to address rate cuts within the business? Because I think that on our side, at least the view was that this was a little bit better business than most provider businesses because you had that cushion of benefit design changes above you, you had the ability for you to improve your own operations, the ability to impact bonuses you ultimately gave the doctors, as many levers that could be pulled. But it sounds to me like you actually don't really influence the benefit design changes above you and that you're still beholden to someone else deciding what your rates will be, and just want to understand that. Because I thought there was more flexibility there. But it sounds like you're saying that you really don't influence the actual rates that you will get. It's more of a function of what the government does at the very top.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: Sure. Yes, sure. So I guess the first question is what happened in Q3 versus your reduced Q guidance last time? Is there a certain geography that was impacted? Because this is the second straight quarter where things -- where you seem to be talking down HCP. So I just want to understand incrementally where the -- this shortfall is coming from.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: Okay. So as far as you're concerned, because $10 million -- I mean, you would think that ratably, that would be 10% to the number for Q4. There's no specific geography or anything that stands out as being dramatically different than what your guidance was last quarter.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: But I guess just directionally, if you see them not change margin, you're pretty comfortable -- or not change, I'm sorry, benefits in a rate cut scenario, you're pretty comfortable that they are accepting lower margins themselves. It's not that they're able to pass it entirely on to you guys.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: No, I think that, that makes sense. It's about as good as you can do when you're dealing with the government.
