Luis Borgen: Thanks, Jim. Good morning. Welcome to our capital markets day. Okay. Treatment growth was 7.2% compared to Q1 of the prior year. Our non-acquired growth was 4% when normalized for the calendar it was 4.2% this is to the greater proportion of treatments that occurs on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. The non-acquired growth in Q1 was consistent with the most recent quarters.  Our Q1 revenue per treatment declined by $44.72 sequentially, the primary drivers were reduced Medicare reimbursement rates due to bundling, declining utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and the commercial mix, which continue to decline. The rate of decline did moderate in the quarter. Remember, this mix decline is a combination of decreased mix of new private patients due to the economy and improved mortality. This is partially offset by improved commercial rates. Our patient care cost treatment decreased $1.59 sequentially. This sequential decline was primarily due to the reduced unit cost and utilization of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals. Our Q1 patient care cost represents a good baseline for 2011 at this time.  Moving on to our bottom line results. Operating income was $236 million. It was down 3% due to implementation of lower Medicare reimbursement, prior to the transition adjustment fix. EPS for the quarter was $0.96, down about 8% year-over-year. Along with a lower operating income, EPS was also impacted by higher debt costs as a result of refinancing last fall.  Q1 was a very strong cash flow quarter, operating cash flow was $330 million. This was favorably impacted by a couple of items. Number one, we had certain favorable working capital items going our way. And number two, the timing of our semiannual interest payments on a bond, which typically occurred in Q1 and Q3 are now in Q2 and Q4. Moving on to operating income guidance. Now that we have one quarter under our belt and have some clarity on our transition adjuster fix for 2011, we are providing OI guidance for 2011 of $1.40 billion to $1.1 billion. This incorporates the recent transistor adjuster fix and DSI, which we expect to be approximately zero OI contribution in 2011, net of transaction and integration costs.  Our initial 2012 guidance is from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. This includes the net expected OI contributions from DSI. Some of you may be surprised by the low end of our guidance. We've not usually give guidance this far out, but the recent changes that we've seen in reimbursement and our cost structure we thought it was appropriate to give you a sense of how we intend to grow off this new baseline. There are four variables that could negatively impact operating income and put it at the lower end of guidance. Number one, commercial mix has and continues to decline and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, we face rate pressures from the VA [Veterans Affairs] and state Medicaid programs. And finally, we may accelerate our investments in our International business should we identify the right opportunities. We may update guidance as we have more clarity over the next six months. Moving on to our 2011 cash flow outlook. I want to take a few minutes to walk you through our thinking with respect to our cash flows for this year. First, we expect maintenance CapEx to be approximately $240 million. Our distributions to joint venture partner should be approximately $100 million.  Let me step back a minute. Our operating cash flow guidance for 2011 is $840 million to $940 million. Once you take into account the maintenance CapEx and the NCI distribution, this would imply a free cash flow guidance of $500 million to $600 million. We anticipate spending at least $150 million on development CapEx. In addition, we will spend about $690 million to acquire DSI. And finally, we expect to have about $70 million in mandatory debt repayments related to our term loans. In this scenario, we would see approximately a $310 million to $410 million reduction in our cash balance this year. So what does this all mean for available cash. We started the year with $860 million. I just walked through our changing cash. So we expect the reduction of $310 million to $410 million. And year-to-date, we have acquired about $80 million through acquisitions and about $100 million of share repurchases. So on a net basis, our remaining cash should be approximately $270 million to $370 million before any further acquisitions or share repurchases this year. Thank you. With that I want to introduce our Chief Executive Officer, Kent Thiry.
Luis Borgen: Okay. All right. Thank you, Ken. So I'm going to walk through our financial review here to wrap things up before our summary. Our consolidated revenues since 2006, our first full year with Gambro, we've grown revenue for approximately 7% CAGR. The revenue per treatment declined in 2010 primarily due to utilization as we prepared for entering the bundle. This decline continued into Q1 of 2011. Our operating income has consistently grown over time. We have an 8% CAGR over the last several years and the margins have remained relatively steady during this period. In terms of earnings per share, over time, we've been having very steady earnings per share. And you'll see a little bit later on how we build up the earnings per share model from revenue through expenses getting through our earnings per share growth over time. One very cool aspect of the business, it generates a lot of cash. We generate more than 100% of cash relative to net income. So very strong cash flow business. It's consistent and it's steady. Of note here would be our operating cash flow guidance of $840 million to $940 million. And you'll also see that the free cash flow is going to be flat to down, primarily due to 2 items: number one is our continued investment in IT and our new headquarters building. Our leverage ratio, our long-stated expectation is that we would be between 3% to 3.5% net EBITDA -- net debt-to-EBITDA. Pro forma for the DSI acquisition, our Q1 will be about 3x leverage, which is in line with our historical range. Our debt structure, as you all know, we completed a comprehensive refinancing in the fall of 2010. Right now, we're effectively all fixed. The main pieces of our debt structure senior notes, about $1.6 billion, fixed at 6.5%. Our Term Loan B, about $1.75 billion that has a floor of 1.50%. And that's capped at 4% for about $1.25 billion of that. And finally, our Term Loan A, we're flat [ph] all of that to 1.6% LIBOR. And all of these are through September 2014. The all-in rate is about 5.3%. We effectively pushed out our maturities beyond 2014, locked in very attractive rates and have a sound capital, so it could fund our growth for the next several years.  In terms of priority for cash, we've been very consistent over time. Our preference is to grow the business and to the extent we have excess cash flow, we'll look at share repurchases or debt repayments.  And finally, to provide some perspective on how we've deployed our cash. Here's a chart from 2006 through 2010, indicating that we've deployed about $600 million to acquisitions; another $800 million towards development; and finally, about $1 billion of cash towards share repurchases over the last several years. Here's our financial formula. As we've stated earlier, our revenue growth is a function of NAG, our non-acquired growth plus acquisitions, that's about 5% to 6%. Our business has some degree of fixed costs, and therefore, you'd expect operating income growth of 5% to 7%. We will take on financial leverage as we said to 3%, 3.5% in EBITDA to get you to net income growth of 7% to 9%. And given the amount of free cash flow that we generate, we're able to redeploy that against acquisitions or share repurchases leading to EPS growth of 9% to 11%. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kent to wrap up.
Luis Borgen: So our guidance for DSI is to have a net 0 OI contribution. Our current expectations is that we will close some time in Q3 and whatever OI contribution we may have from DSI would be offset by transactions and integration costs.
Luis Borgen: That's to be determined. We'll see what those are and to the extent they're material and make sense to disclose, we will.
Luis Borgen: That's still an unknown of how many, but it is consistent with minimum expectations of 10% to 15% as Kent mentioned earlier.
Luis Borgen: Yes. They're in line with our historical. So for the capital piece of it, we went through the capital assumptions, are there any specific questions I can walk you through? I think we set cap -- maintenance CapEx was 240 -- 212. We haven't determined CapEx for '12 for our operating income guidance. It's pretty far out there. We could give you a flavor for what type of growth we could see. And if we look at the midpoint-to-midpoint, we're about 7.5% operating income growth with a range that reflects the possible outcomes against some of the swing factors we mentioned. Mix, VA pressure, state Medicaid pressure, international investments to the extent we want to accelerate that.
Luis Borgen: A long-term growth rate is quite reflective of the slide we showed at the end, which is 5% to 6% unit growth. Some fixed cost leverage getting us to 9% -- 11% EPS growth. Year-to-year that could vary, but I would use that framework for more longer-term projections.
Luis Borgen: Yes, but with any forecasts, there's always something that could fall outside that. We think is a reasonable assessment, and we'd have to be prudent to highlight those risks that we face or could face to varying degrees next year.
Luis Borgen: Yes, I think we would start by rejecting the historical premise that the last few years have been stable. That -- what's happened is the last 2 years has been incredibly dynamic and it's netted out to something that much stable on a graph. And it's very different things. And as we look forward, there are some elements of our revenue and cost and unit growth structure, which are more stable than the last 4 years, which in our mind have been anything but stable. And there are other parts, primarily the government reimbursements and exchanges and the overall economy that are not stable. And so trying to give a weighted average stability score across the whole sort of universe of things that affect our stock price, I don't know, we haven't had that debate. But I wouldn't be a no-brainer. I think directionally, there'd be some sense that on a net basis that the next couple of years look more stable than the last 4. But that -- it says more about how unstable the last 4 were with traditional bundling legislation, the step around orals, the list goes -- the healthcare reform. List goes on and on. Therefore -- first, that comments on the context on the premise, therefore, at this point, we have no change of -- we have no intention to amend the leverage guidance we've had for 11 years now. That 3%, 3.5% seems about right. However, we probably haven't had a great debate on that subject for a couple of years because it wasn't relevant. So maybe that's something we should do over the next year or so.
Luis Borgen: You're correct. That was not on the bridge and to the degree that we have excess cash or cash proceeds from the divestitures, which we expect we will, and that would be a source of cash that we'd have to decide what to do with it.
Luis Borgen: With respect to those 3, VillageHealth, which is integrated care, Lifeline, which is our vascular access, and DaVita Rx, which is specialty pharmacy. On VillageHealth, whether or not that becomes something which is materially -- which is economically material to you, we won't know for a couple of years. And maybe not ever. So that one is pretty impossible to predict. We'll always continue to do VillageHealth type stuff because it's essentially clinical innovation in R&D that informs our base business anyway because some of those practices we can incorporate, add more value to the system and do better with Medicare Advantage and private payers, some segments that actually do look at this stuff. So it would never go away. So we're getting back on a Andreas' question, do you ever shut it down? No because you'd have that function as a cost center no matter what, even if you weren't trying to develop a revenue stream associated with it. The amount you invested in it is, of course, a part driven by what do you think are the shots that you can actually get revenue greater than expenses but you'd always have it there as a cost center expense no matter what. And Lifeline, our vascular access centers, we hope they continue to grow but that's not going to be anything that is going to become economically material just because it's too small. This is very important, for a number of our physician relationships because the nephrologist love it and what it does. And it's very significant because we're the best at it in America and their conversations with some of the payers, because it saves them stunning amount of money. So it is a good thing, and we like it a lot but it's not going to become economically material like quadrupling in size or something like that. And then on DaVita Rx, if they reasonably fund orals in the bundle in 2014, which is in their best interest to do both clinically and economically, then, DaVita Rx can become economically material to you guys.
Luis Borgen: It fits and starts and no rhyme or reason, okay. I'm trying to reflect in whether or not that appropriately captures how we think about it or not. And we don't have to amend your question at all. The -- you know the answer, Justin, we look at this every quarter, we have for 11 years. We evaluate all the same factors that you would. First quarter alternatives in terms of growth and do we have any need to do anything on the debt side. And then we look at what's going on in the market itself and both in the debt markets in terms of terms and our own market in terms of what's going on with the stock. And so we would think, what is it "foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." So some people have that philosophy. We prefer no rhyme or reason and fits and starts.
Kent Thiry: Thank you. So this is the last slide. I think that these 2 biggest negatives for you to debate with your partners just what is the government going to do given the pickle they've put themselves in and what's going to happen in the commercial side. It's just an awful lot of dynamism there. The silver lining in that cloud is that the government gets really intense about meeting savings, one of the easy ways to get them is to allow people to keep their private insurance longer or allow us to guarantee them savings and go after integrated care in a big way. So 2 of their solutions, we would actually be very positively excited about, but that suggests a level of coherence and the decision-making, which is not practical, given how many big things they're going to be thinking about outside of dialysis. So it's there. But you've got to be careful to calibrate its probability. So those are the scary things from an investor perspective.  The good news is within that broader environment, we're well positioned. The strong clinical outcomes are not only wonderful spiritually but they're very useful to you from a business point of view. The way this industry works leads to very stable demand in cash flow. It's a rational community, overall, that understands the need for private to subsidize the public. And then, we've got this window of upside over the long term, not in the next 12, 24 months but the nice sort of structural upside for the period beyond that. And do we now move to Q&A? We now move to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Kent Thiry: The reason we're able to get so much spend in Q1 is that we've spent 2010 getting ready. And so it did take a long time, but we did it ahead of time rather than waiting.
Kent Thiry: No. We actually -- we worked so -- it was surprising to us. It's not what we projected, but we worked so hard on iterating around on protocols, alternatives throughout 2010. That's sort of -- separate from getting to an answer. We inadvertently built far more breadth and depth of ownership than we ever had before. Although we used to think this is a strength. And so the take up was -- exceeded anything we had done in prior implementations of stuff like that. So it is what it is.
Kent Thiry: It's not that we're predicting that our rate of expenditure will accelerate in 2012 in International, we're just saying it could. We're still so early in that game and there's some stuff that looks promising. But it would lead to more P&L dollars because it would be subscaled upfront. So it's not a prediction but it could happen, and it's too early for us to make a prediction. So it's more sensitizing, it is a fact that it could happen. We usually wait till the end.
Kent Thiry: The answer to that question is there will be more above most of the time. But beyond that, I don't know if we're doing.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think the answer is sort of a tweener. There are certain things we can't do because of the rules. But we are coordinating with them on a lot of stuff. Getting to know each other and getting to know each other's systems, et cetera. So without doing anything to get in the way with their running their business, we're doing a lot of talking.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I think it was about 1.5 year or 2 years ago it was much higher. We've brought it down since stable for several quarters in a normal range. It's been high 30s, low 40s of uncertified centers and that's been pretty consistent. There are a couple of pockets, Texas, most notably that take longer to certify.
Kent Thiry: Where we've seen -- it's roughly split between those 2 factors. And that could vary quarter-to-quarter. But I would say...
Kent Thiry: That's right. So we may take another swing at it in the near term is the answer because there are groups that don't want it to happen. Health insurance companies are not in love with the provision, employers are not in love with the provision. And so I don't know if we'll be putting it out there or not in 2011. We always want it, but it's not always -- you can't keep on going in, in the same thing all the time or you -- or people don't pay attention.
Kent Thiry: I'm going to go first just back to the prior question. It is going to be more divestitures than the 10% to 15% range. So that is just -- that is by far the most likely outcome. We just want to be very clear on that. The good news is there's a very good market right now for selling dialysis centers. And so that the whole divestiture from a shareholder point of view is not as daunting as it could be in a different environment, not daunting at all, in fact, at this point. And then on -- we would love to have a long-term ESA contract that we like. And we're going to love to have that today. We'd love to have it a month from now. Seemed like we'll take it any time. It's just tricky to work out. And so both sides are working on it, and we'll see what happens.
Kent Thiry: Sure. The home is growing. How much it will grow is difficult to calibrate at this point, because a lot of physicians are reflecting on exactly what they want to do here. And the tendency of some of the situations with the new bundle sometimes where people get excited about something new, but then they try it and good things -- and it drives some short-term growth and then subscale and you close it down. So it's important to sort of think one more step downstream. PD is much, much bigger than HHD. And HHD, my counsel to people is you should ignore the people with really strong points of view on either side. Those who say, "Oh my God, HHD, MFD is the greatest gift, and it's going to explode in growth." Those people should be ignored, because it's not all clear that, that's true. Those people who say it's not worth the extra expense and should go away, equally should be ignored. So the real question is for what percent of the population is it of superior attractiveness or efficacy. And no one knows the answer to that question right now. We have more of these patients than anyone else in the world, and it is not clear. And will be a significant part of deciding when it's clear because we have the most data. So our counsel to people is ignore those who are inappropriately optimistic or pessimistic. And we're studying the data and working in the real world with more patients than anybody else. Is that responsive? Feel free to come back at it more if it's useful.
Kent Thiry: Yes, let me do the second one, first. Singapore is a very attractive city relative to the alternatives for attracting executive talent. It's very attractive in terms of being able to travel to a lot of places. It's got a lot of the right symbolism, which are going to deal with a lot of the countries in that part of the world. So those were all the reasons that we chose Singapore to be our regional headquarters there. Then as the factors that determine how much we're going to invest there, it's very much what the quality and quantity of interest we get in different pockets. And so on the one hand, well, I guess , I'll just stop there. Sort of a self-evident statement, but it's really true. As we're visiting different countries, how many people want to talk to us, how high-quality are they as partners, what are the relative economics in that country versus another? How many countries can we realistically advance the ball in at any one time? So those are the variables. So it is the case where assuming we're being prudent, more expense means there are more opportunities. So that is a positive, but in the early years, it manifests itself as larger losses.
Kent Thiry: The dialysis market overall in the world is very fragmented. FMC, Virginia has a significant international service business, built in close conjunction with our long-standing product business. And then for most of the rest of the world, it's very fragmented and there's still a lot of places where the government provides dialysis. And this gets to one of those -- one of those fundamental trends going on is governments realizing that they need to provide dialysis to their population because with a smaller world, more and more people know it exists, know what the differences between quality and non-quality. It's much more binary and transparent and discreet and obvious than the quality of diabetic or pneumonia care or vaccinations. So first of all, the inside population have and to the fact that it exists is much greater. And then what happens after that is governments realize, "oh, my gosh, there's going to be a lot of people. We're really inefficient and low quality in providing it. My gosh, somehow we've got to harness market forces to deal with the social problem." It is striking that we have more receptive meetings with governments in other countries than here in the sense that other countries really believe that unless we harness market forces, we cannot solve our healthcare challenge and here, we've been, to some extent been cursed by the fact we have enough money to believe that maybe you can.
Kent Thiry: But wait a minute, I want to break in. That's a scenario. That we live in a space where to ignore the nontrivial probability of these continuities and the revenue or expense side positive or negative, to ignore that would be inappropriate. So when you think about longer term, that's a scenario. It is not a prediction. That would be foolish.
Kent Thiry: Yes. Other than saying that the percent of our private in bundle is going up every year. I don't know if we got any instance of anyone going from bundling back to fee-for-service. JR, have we? No, so far it's a total one-way street. So the percentage that's bundled goes up all the time. And as to escalators, they vary by quite a bit. There will be the range of probably, gas. But I think we should leave it at that, particularly, a bunch of the people that we talked to and negotiate with our -- listening to the phone call.
Kent Thiry: So we're looking at some growth there. It's nothing dramatic, nothing that's going to sort of be a blip on your radar screen. For us, it's the mechanism for which to demonstrate the CMS that it really can work, and it can work on a significant body of patients. So we're going to see some growth there. But without something new from the government, we're not able to -- we can't scale that demonstration project without some new authorization from CMS.
Kent Thiry: I think -- that's not -- this demonstration project, what we're doing is not something able to be embedded in the healthcare reform. The answer to that is no. It was not and what's the...
Kent Thiry: I think -- talking about the way I do, Andreas, because it is going to take a significant period of time before you get a return on this. And to announce you're going to go out and do international healthcare service, and create any other expectations, really a bad idea. So is that right, why do anything that is going to take a long time, cost a non-trivial amount of money, and has risks and consumes management resources, but the only answer is because if it works, it's a very, very big pie. Very, very big. It's a multiple of the U.S. market size. And so this is one of those we're going to spend an amount that's not trivial but also doesn't put at risk as the base business that also doesn't lead us to some precipitous drop in stock prices. Stock prices are not going to go down $30 because we spent $50 million internationally. So we're not betting the farm. This is sort of the equivalent doing R&D on a new drug or something. And so yes, it might not work. If it works, it's $1.5 billion drug. So I'm going to do that, but I want to make sure I don't have it consume too high a percentage of my R&D, too high a percentage of my management time. So one of the things that's wrong in the American healthcare service is there's inadequate R&D from an investment point of view and from an intellectual rigor point of view. Well this is very controlled R&D on something that has spectacular long-term upside, but that emphasis on the word long term and bumps along the road is really important. So that's why I'm talking about it differently than if we were adding a vascular access center. When we added vascular access centers 8 years ago, we're going to try it, try to get regs right, we'll invest. If doesn't work, you get out of it. That's what's different.
Kent Thiry: I would be surprised and disappointed if we weren't active in more areas than just Southeast Asia. And that wasn't a conviction we went into it with but just a couple of other parts of the world where quality people are responding with enthusiasm to the notion of working with us and they want to work with us now. And the notion of saying, "We'll come back in a couple of years when it's more convenient for us" is very unattractive.
Kent Thiry: Well, I'm going to guess there are -- and then if someone could correct me, but I know I'm not going to be far off, the success in de novo if you look at all of them over the last 9 years, probably still at 99%, plus or minus 1%. Does anybody know? I still don't know of any -- if we had any failures from the de novos. Do you know of any? So I'm going to assume we've had some, but it's -- so some of the closures weren't de novos. If you acquire 4 centers, you might close one down, but it's still very high. If you recall strategically, we decided, when we had that big year with 85, our decision was we had too high batting average that we needed to have more failures -- it would be better to have a 90% hit rate with 1,000 at-bats than 100% a hit rate with 500 at-bats. So your shareholders are much better off because 90% still leads to a weighted average of great returns, so you might as well double the amount of capital you're deploying into that area. So that was when we spiked things up for a bit. And so that -- that's where my guess -- we went up from the 0 we used to be at to having some failures or ones that are probably going to fail over the next year or 2. But that was conscious. It was -- we had an inappropriately high success rate.
Kent Thiry: We're willing to go big. The notion that the government [ph] will be a willing partner in growing big, it's a bit farfetched.
Kent Thiry: I mean, they want to go fast. And they want to go fast for the 1.5 year it's taken them to get people working in the room. So where do you go with that, but they do sincerely want to move. But they're just -- it's not in their organizational DNA. So we'll see. And they have some really talented people there who have every intention of getting some stuff done. Whether or not they can overcome all the organizational obstacles that life puts in your way once you're a part of that organization, which again is not a function of their being bad people but just the cumulative set of procedural rules that they have to follow, even in that group, is pretty formidable. And so hopefully, this group of wonderful folks will be able to do stuff that others couldn't and actually be able to go fast. But we would never predict that view.
Kent Thiry: Good point. In the unlikely scenario that they wouldn't go big and they wouldn't go fast, we would have to announce Q1 investment of that P&L investment.
Kent Thiry: I think I just rather wait until we have -- I'd just be picking a number, Justin, so I just don't -- I just don't think there would be any value in my giving you a number.
Kent Thiry: I would say that the level of competitiveness today versus a year ago versus 2 years ago versus 3 years ago has been quite constant. There's a couple 2, 3 bigger players and then there's 3 or 4 medium players and then there's small players and new entrants and there's independent physicians. So I think that's been pretty constant for the last few years, always intense and no sign of that abating. Also no particular sign of it getting more intense, but there's already quite intense, full-fledged, full-contact support. If you want to do a follow-up question of it.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I would say that's also the same, which is -- both for renewing medical directors and signing up new medical directors, the competition is very intense, and that's no different from the last 3 or 4 years. I don't know if any of you are sensing anything different. Feel free to bring it up. Javier? Javier's gone. Would you say that's the case? He runs a big chunk of the country so he would have a more granular sense.
Kent Thiry: Yikes. Do you guys want to answer that? Well, certainly, we go -- the way we work, you go right to the private payers and push for higher rate increases, because overall, you see our average profitability, we have an awful lot of centers that are hovering $0.01 above, breakeven or x dollars below. And we carry a non-trivial number of centers that lose money. And so those become really untenable quickly and a whole bunch of others that are profitable, but inadequate return on -- if you knew it's going to be that low, you wouldn't have done it unless there were broader reasons. So those become negative. So you would -- the industry's response would be to immediately go to the private payers and take more, as well as going to pharma and device companies and ask them for bigger -- for price reductions. But it would also probably have implications for annual merit increases for our teammates, as well as for -- all our teammates, including the ones that are sitting in this room. So that was a pretty generic answer but I don't think there's any other way. I don't think there's any sort of silver bullet or fire.
Kent Thiry: We would always be willing to and then of course it's a minus divestiture leakage. So it gets more difficult. But intellectually, it's just a numbers thing. If the numbers are right, you can do it.
Kent Thiry: I'd say right now it's not active. Some people -- a lot of people in Congress keep a list, scored-savings ideas. And so it's on the shelf in a lot of people's offices. And so we'll see if it gets pulled out.
Kent Thiry: Yes, I love the question because it's actually a great process. What the bundled precipitated was a more intense and reflective analysis of a whole bunch of clinical practices, and it happened in a while because while we look at it very intensely and analytically over the year, a lot of other doctors who are busy running their lives, running their practices and there will be opportunities to really step back and say, "Wow, well let's reflect on the interaction between DSOs and iron. Let's reflect on oral drugs. Let's reflect on this." And so there was a lot -- during this process when we started sending out proposed protocol changes and ideas and created a form for them to share ideas independent of us, the participation dramatically exceeded what we normally have. And so it's very, intellectually robust, and so we went through. I mean, we started on this, well, ahead of time of course. We went through a series of really cool research studies, all sort of micro-compressed in a period of time in order to experiment with some of the ideas that different physicians were throwing out. And so if you went to this through the outcomes, what would this do to outcomes. And so it was -- we've run those cases when necessity was the mother of invention. We had to do a lot of experimenting quickly, but still have very rigorous data. And so it was broad, and it was deep and it was quite nimble. It was unsustainable as a way to run yourself. But it was good. And it got a lot of dollar. A lot of doctors enjoyed it because they haven't done it in some time. They had instead rely on the experts and the rest. So it was very, very healthy. And then of course -- and then to pick an area of anemia, that has been for the last 5 years, all sorts of this controversy was -- some new studies coming out that are well regarded, some studies coming out not so well regarded. Different points of view. And you've heard now that Amgen is saying the FDA is thinking of eliminating explicit hemoglobin ranges. That's just not useful given how different, different patients are. The hypo-responders versus the hyper, ethnic differences, et cetera. What happens when you come out of the hospital versus when you went. And so in particular, the fact that the 2 things coincided, the implementing of a bundle and some of the new science and new government pronouncements on ESAs led to an incredibly intense discussions revisiting stuff in really healthy ways. Is that responsive? And one of the reasons again, to buy for the -- it's easy for me to say that, is that true or not, and is it relevant or not? Well, the fact that there was such an immediate pickup of the final protocol that emerged after all these iterations was a direct reflection of the breadth and depth of involvement and the intellectual integrity around it. And if I could finally, there was a little bit more consensus in an area where there's been a lot of pitter patter. And then second, for you again, you've got to worry about companies getting subpoenaed post-bundle because while the government said 2.5 years ago, we want to put in the bundle but we want you to figure out ways to do less and hold clinical outcomes constant. That's what we want you to do. Go do that. You have 3 years to do it. And as soon as you do it, you get subpoenaed, accusing you of having done it in the wrong way. And the good news for us is we did it with incredible intellectual integrity and documentation rigor, but that doesn't mean we wanted to go through 3 years of someone looking for fault.
Kent Thiry: Okay. We didn't show the mix. PD has probably moved from 8% or so to a little over 9%. HHD is still 1/8 of that or so and not changing. And then as to economics, if you look at it on a theoretical basis, in many instances, PD is less expensive for treatment in the bundle than normal HD. And HHD is more expensive in every case, whether theoretical or the applied. The reason was PD emphasized that if you look at it sort of theoretical basis, is that -- with PD, you have to achieve a certain scale and stability in order to achieve those theoretical economics. And a significant percentage of PD in America is done subscale and without the right consistency. And so, the theoretical relative to PD economics are often not reflected in the aggregate reality. So with PD, you can see differences. With HHD, it's more expensive all the time.
Kent Thiry: Well, in most cases not, but again as I make the point, theoretically, you can say what advantage if it's PD, again, assuming it's clinically equivalent for the patient as the absolute black-and-white first filter. But second, in the real world, a lot of PD ends up having hidden costs because of subscale programs, accepted churn in the patient base because of poor patient selection, et cetera. So the pro forma that someone creates about PD and the bundle is not supported by the operating reality and so the delta is not nearly as large and, in many cases, unachievable.
Kent Thiry: About 17,000 a year. So 17,000 and that has been, thus far, as a percentage of the total ESRD patients, is that right? So far -- and absolutely going down, because I know long, long ago, it's 11,000 to 12,000 showing my age. Right now, what the experts say and what some of you may know differently, and please speak up. What the experts say is that there is nothing happening that is likely to materially change the number of transplant donors in your investment conference. But I -- this is just me parroting what people who supposedly understand this say, we're open to any other perspectives but I don't see any.
Kent Thiry: Nothing that I can think of off-hand. I got an iPhone. All right. We got the 5-second countdown. If not, we appreciate your interest in us and appreciate your endurance here this morning. Please let us know if Boston works for you and please let us know if there are other things you wanted us to discuss more coherently or completely, so we can do a better job for you next year. Thank you very much.
LeAnne Zumwalt: It's quite split pretty evenly. A little bit more on the high end. And that is important because some patients are naturally above the top end.
LeAnne Zumwalt: All we can say right now is that we have a contract through the end of the year with Amgen, and we're working with them and a reasonable dialogue towards a longer-term agreement. That's what we can provide.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Justin, we're just going to say at this time, we've extended the contract and leave the commentary at that.
LeAnne Zumwalt: There's a lot of things going on in the industry, including what you heard Amgen talking about with potential changes in the label and those things. Those may be entering into their thought process about timing.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Well, and in our new protocol that we will adopt, certainly, we did address that patient population. And I think that Kent's right, there continues to be a lot of study on that population. And I would probably recommend that over the next few years, we'll see some improvement or changes in protocols for those patients because these are a topic of significant study.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, so the way this works -- and let me -- this may be pulling it back a little is that in 2012, we're going to be paid for performance that we achieved in 2010 compared to 2007. So the answer to the question is. If they would use current data, we would perform quite well on the QIP. But unfortunately, that's not the construct. What we are advocating now with CMS, for example, is that the 2010 performance should be compared to '09, the most current year that it could be compared to for our payment in '12. That's one option for them to do. Really the statute required them to pick some measures in advance, to set targets in advance. So our overarching goal for 2013 is to implement this in the right way where they do pick the benchmarks and the goals we work with them, get a public campaign. So the community is really improving the level of care for all of our patients. But that's not how it's working today.
LeAnne Zumwalt: Yes, if you are using current data and the 2 majors that they've identified, which would be the hemoglobin and apathy.[ph]
LeAnne Zumwalt: Two scenarios. If you come in through Medicaid and you’re a home patient unperfect in hemodialysis, you're instantly moved into the Medicare program if you're eligible. Now if you are a regular hemodialysis patient, you would be eligible to enter Medicare after 3 months.
LeAnne Zumwalt: No, I would say the same thing. And I would add one comment. In all the other PTS systems, they have looked at that system holistically when they are making changes. We would expect that same treatment. So identifying a single item and cutting this or that, we would not expect that. We shouldn't have to expect that. They should be looking at the payment system holistically as Kent mentioned.
LeAnne Zumwalt: I think and I recall, I would say the government, it was $1.5 billion over a time, I think, 6-month extension, something like that. If you're really want to know, I'll look it up and send it to you.
Unknown Analyst -: I guess whether you'd see any opportunities in the near future legislatively, you can introduce the proposal of the extending -- given there is a lot of pressure, budget pressure on the Medicare side. It clearly would be a saving for the government.
Unknown Analyst -: In your comments you said that because the government pays for most of the dialysis, you're never going to see huge overpayments. You're going to see huge underpayments...
Unknown Analyst -: You have seen overpayments for certain period of time, but you don't see that happening in dialysis, I guess.
Unknown Analyst -: I guess we're going to be seeing a proposed rule in the next 3 or 4 months, I guess. And so I don't know if there's any dialogue that you've had with CMS that kind of makes you feel like, at least for right now they kind of feel like things are still in flux and you expect 2012 to be stable or whether there's...
Unknown Analyst -: Okay. And then when I think about the -- just switching subjects, the cash flow bridge that you provided is very helpful, but you said you're going to be selling 15%, 20% more of DSI. Do you think that there's going to be $100 million or more of proceeds from asset sales? And I don't remember seeing that in that bridge. Is that the right way to be thinking about it just, maybe it doesn't all happen in 2011 despite inputting the numbers but...
Unknown Analyst -: Kent, you alluded briefly to PD and Home HD, and you also alluded, I think, briefly to transplants. You're going through the slides at a ferocious space. I didn't actually see the mix between PD and conventional HD and Home HD. I thought I missed it because of the pace that you guys were going at. And also I didn't quite understand the economic impact on you across those modalities. And last, I know it's a wonderful thing when people get a kidney transplant, and they don't have to be on dialysis any more. But I don't understand the frequency of that, the probability of somebody reaching that end as opposed to the other, death. And I wonder if you can just kind of talk through those aspects as well.
Unknown Analyst -: Okay, that's more expensive to you. So it's in the bundle, you're paid the same whether it's PD or conventional or HHD when you talked about more expensive or less expensive more specifically...
