Kent Thiry: Thank you, Jim, and thanks to all of you out there for your continued interest in our enterprise. We are first and foremost a clinical care-giving company. And as is our custom, I'll start with talking about clinical spotlight before I move into a high-level summary; and then, Joel and Javier will take care of the follow-up. Flu, as we've seen in all the major media is the leading cause of hospitalizations in general and even more so in the ESRD population. The current flu season is especially severe, vaccinations significantly reduce the risk even in a difficult year like this and we vaccinated over 94% percent of our patients, which is a very distinctive percentage, and many years in a row where we have outperformed the norm in this all-important category. Now, onto a high-level summary of the quarter itself. It was a good quarter for DaVita Kidney Care. And we carry solid amount into 2018 and 2019. There's a lot of noise in this quarter's numbers due to a bunch of factors including the DMG sale and tax reform, and Joel will step through a bunch of that to help you navigate. But the bottom line is it was a good quarter. We have good operating momentum. And we continue to generate strong cash flows and we will deploy a significant amount of those cash flows towards share repurchases as the quarters roll on. Onto Javier, for DaVita Kidney Care.
Kent Thiry: If you'll excuse a little bit of redundancy, I'll make three points before we turn to Q&A. Number one, it's early in the process, but the DMG transaction is proceeding on track. Number two, it was a good quarter for DaVita Kidney Care, and they have good operating momentum. And this reflects the fact that we continue to have a very solid platform in DaVita Kidney Care, our U.S. Kidney Care business. Third and finally, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flows and we expect to be thoughtful in the deployment of this cash to benefit you, through a combination of share repurchases, substantial continued Kidney Care growth and a limited number of investments in other healthcare service areas. On to Q&A please.
Kent Thiry: And, Kevin, I would add on the leverage ratio that we have made statements over the prior six months, nine months, whatever, saying within the context of our historical statements and guidance that we were leaning in a more positive way towards being higher and lower within that range. I think at this point, given everything that's going on in the markets the last month or two with respect to interest rates et cetera, I don't know if that particular refinement to the guidance is really still - is really still in place. So I think what you're looking at is, basically we're going to bring the same attitude and flexibility to it that we brought for a long time.
Kent Thiry: Sure, so let me see if I can help out. We're not going to break out international. But as I said in the script, that number splits roughly evenly between maintenance and development. I think an important component to understand about the development is we have done more and more self-development of our clinics over time. And what that means is we build the clinic and then we sell it. We believe that drives a cost savings on the construction of the clinic. What I would point you to in the cash flow statement is a line called proceeds from asset sales, which is a positive cash flow number associated with the sale of the self-developed clinics. And as you are thinking about the total picture of our cash flow, I think, it is fair to incorporate that positive complete piece of the cash flow in to the overall thinking.
Kent Thiry: Yeah. It's Kent here, John. That's a very fair question, and I mean, go ahead and throw some thoughts and then you feel free to further follow-up. First, the DMG was a very disappointing performance. Having said that, we took a lot of cash out along the way, and also had some nice benefits from the Kidney Care side during the period in which we owned it in terms of enhancing our integrated care capability. But it doesn't change the fact that it was disappointing in the end. The - it's important to remind people, by far, the primary driver the disappointing performance were reimbursement reductions, not operating performance. And clearly very thoughtful other people felt it was still a very valuable asset with a live upside potential. And people who know the business as well or better than anyone. But the short-term, and the immediate operating performance was what it was, largely driven by the reimbursement cuts, and then, we decided was in your best interest rather than continue to pursue what we still think was very substantial long-term potential in which several other people thought had a lot of long-term potential, because it was reflected in the multiple they paid. But rather than do that, it was in a risk adjusted basis better for us to do take the return on capital now in addition to the return on capital we earned along the way. And then, on Rx it has been a big clinical success, and has had around of several profitable years in addition to being a strategic asset, we will see what happens now, but by many measures up to this point, it's been a very good success and a very important part of our Kidney Care portfolio. And now there's an awful lot going on in the pharma space that wouldn't have been predictable three, four, five years ago. And then just as a more conceptual question without going into international in detail then we do think, we've learned a lot from the experiences we've had, and it's important to look at the root cause of why they turned out, where they did. And just as there are times you can buy something, have it do quite well, and it's not a reflection of exactly what your deal premises were, what's your operating performance was, and you don't want to persuade yourself that you're brilliant at that point. So we think it's in the best interest - the best long-term interest of our shareholders to deploy a fraction of our cash flow towards, so you're looking at new long-term growth opportunities. In the same way that, 18 years ago, we decided that dialysis despite the fact it had a lot of works and some people had lost a bunch of money was worth sticking with, and our business model was worth sticking within. And we are very happy that we made that call 16, 17, 18 years ago, where it would have been easy to cut our losses and leave it.
Kent Thiry: Well, let me just make one comment. Just recall that DMG was a business with very positive cash flow characteristics, meaning they're net cash flow relative to CapEx, et cetera.
Kent Thiry: I don't know that we disclosed it. And offhand, I don't think anyone of us know. And we wouldn't say anything without wanting to confirm its accuracy, and that we had the right definition. So I'm afraid for both the reason that we'd have to make sure we nailed down the definition and not sure what we've disclosed historically, we can't answer right off the cuff here.
Kent Thiry: I would not. First, we have never reported anything like that before and I would not model in this as being a kind of a Q4 recurring event.
Kent Thiry: Yeah, so the bad debt was associated with, largely driven by an increase in uninsured patients. The cash receipts, the offsetting item is associated with a reserve we typically take associated with commercial revenue. And it has proven that our reserve was a bit conservative, so we had a bit of - a onetime reserve release there.
Kent Thiry: So, Justin, those are certainly two options available to us as well as open market purchases. We are thinking through our strategy now. It will depend on a whole bunch of factors. And I don't expect that we will be giving a whole lot of color on how we anticipate doing this. It's just something we'll report on after it's done.
Kent Thiry: There - look, there are a lot of factors including price, timing, other use of proceeds. But I don't think we have a formula or an algorithm we can guide you to.
Kent Thiry: So this isn't a good guy relative to what we have been talking about before. Given the magnitude a dollar of RPT, it's not something we would necessarily, typically, call out there a bunch of things like this that flow through from a year-to-year basis on any given year. The reason we wanted to call it out this quarter was because it will drive a roughly $3 RPT increase in Q1, because that $30 million will be concentrated largely in the first three or four quarters of the year. So we just wanted to make sure you and everyone else knew it was coming.
Kent Thiry: Sure. So that flows through the bad debt line. The other adjustment that I referred to flows through the gross revenue line. And because they offset and because of the new revenue accounting standards going forward, we're no longer going to report that gross number nor the bad debt number. So you'll only see the net number. So it is - I think it is safe to use the net RPT that we delivered in Q4 as a starting point for modeling 2018.
Kent Thiry: They are not connected. And so far, they're not necessarily driven by similar underlying business dynamics, if that's your question.
Kent Thiry: Right, that is our view going forward. I think if you want to think about this bad debt number. It's a few things. It's underinsured, it's uninsured, it's higher patient pay deductible. So I think some of these are broad trends you're seeing within the health insurance industry. That's probably as helpful as I can get.
Kent Thiry: All right, operator, that's good. Thank you all very much. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you, Kent, and good afternoon. Let me dive right in. I'll provide some details on the main drivers of the business and Joel will cover the financial results in more detail. First, our non-acquired growth for the quarter was 3.5%, approximately flat versus the third quarter of 2017 after normalizing for the impact of the hurricanes. Next, net dialysis revenue per treatment came in consistent with recent quarters, as we think about 2018. I'd break it down between government and commercial revenues. As you know, 2018 Medicare rates updates is essentially flat and will be a headwind for margins for all dialysis providers. As it relates to commercial revenues, there tends to be two questions: is there anything new on charitable premium assistance and how is the commercial environment? We believe that there's very little going on around the country on charitable premium assistance. And as it relates to the contracting environment, the conversations are back to their normal puts and takes. Onto the cost side, like many other companies, we are experiencing a tight labor market with upward wage pressure. We continue to expect a 2% to 3% annual increase and don't see significant opportunity to offset this with productivity improvement in the near term. With labor cost inflation - sorry, with labor cost inflation continuing to outpace Medicare reimbursement, we will continue to feel margin pressure in the traditional Medicare fee-for-service business in 2018. With normal Medicare updates scheduled to resume in 2019, we expect these margin pressures to subside. Finally, we continue to be excited at the prospect of transforming patient care in the dialysis industry through PATIENTS Act. We currently have an unusual amount of bipartisan support in both chambers of Congress with more than 150 Cosponsors. We believe we have a real shot in getting this bill passed this year, but as always a significant lift to get transformative legislation passed. To wrap up 2017, we ended the year with adjusted operating income for kidney care of $1.616 billion, above our most recent 2017 adjusted guidance of $1.57 billion to $1.6 billion. Joel, will go into more detail on this in a moment. On to 2018 guidance, because of the pending DaVita Medical Group transaction, our Kidney Care guidance effectively becomes our guidance for operating income from continuing operations. For 2018, we continue to expect operating income of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion for Kidney Care business. As a reminder, we have a one year over year accounting headwind of up to $100 million, as we finish the transition from profit share program to a 401(k) match program. With the old program, we accrued for the expenses in the calendar year before the pay-up. With the new program, we will accrue for the expenses as we pay it out. This accounting change created a one-year gap in 2017, when we did not need to accrue for such payout. To close out my remarks, I would like to follow-up on three variables that we discussed last quarter that could swing 2018 forecast. First, open enrollment period was in line with our initial expectations, we'll continue to monitor as the numbers slope throughout the year, and we'll keep you posted. Second, onto pharmaceuticals, as we have discussed before, calcimimetics, a drug, which taken by many ESRD patients to treat mineral bone disease just moved into our dialysis reimbursement with introduction of an injectable drug called Presibib [ph]. Reimbursement in the cost of calcimimetics are coming in line with expectations, but it's still too early to understand the full picture, until we get more data and volume and product mix. Physicians make individual prescription physicians based on each of the patients' needs to how they'll view the new drug option is very difficult to predict. Our view of the most probable range of outcomes continues to be included in our guidance and we plan to provide an update when we gain better visibility. Third, onto the ballot initiative being pursued by the union in California, we won't have much to report into later this year, and we have not included potential advocacy costs, in our guidance range. If initial - if the initiative does pass, we believe that it would have material adverse impact on the entire industry in California, it would likely make a large number of centers in California, financially unsustainable, which would severely limit patient access to outpatient dialysis care. We have also become aware that the unions pursuing a similar initiative in Ohio. We have not included any potential advocacy costs in Ohio in our guidance range either. Now onto our CFO Joel for financial results and details.
Javier Rodriguez: Thank you. There is nothing to highlight as unresolved on the payor contracting, we have normal renewals that come up, but I wouldn't point anything out. If anything, we are more contracted right now, meaning that there's less renewals than usual. And as it relates to value-based - it really depends on the payor and their appetite of how to structure the contracts that we are seeing the wide range of nothing all the way to P4P et cetera. So there's not been a material change in the structure of our contracts.
Javier Rodriguez: There is two pieces. The Amgen thing that you mentioned on EPOGEN in the 401(k) $100 million that we discussed on the front end of the call, we did not incur approximately $100 million of what we used to call profit share in our 401(k).
Javier Rodriguez: The number we have is a little different on a per treatment basis, but we're seeing is that when you annualize the number, it's roughly in the $27 per treatment, and we expect that to be in that range. I don't think there is anything to call out on professional fees.
Javier Rodriguez: We do not. We have very little data right now. And as you know, there is going to be a lot of variables in this one category, because we have both an oral going into IV. It's going to go from Part D as in dog to Part B as in boy. And then the oral is going to have an introduction of generics. So there is going to be a lot of moving pieces right now, and I think physicians are wanting to see publications, and seeing how this plays out in the marketplace. So right now, we are not seeing a lot of change yet.
Joel Ackerman: Sure. So, I'll take that. Kevin, it's Joel here. So a few thoughts, first, we're thinking about this from a sector perspective, not from a deal perspective. We want to find sectors where we think we can evolve them over the next few decades, the way we have helped shape the Kidney Care sector over the past few decades. Second, we are hyper-focused on opportunities where we can add value, where we can take the core competencies we have developed over many decades and apply them to new sectors and new businesses. Third, we know some things we don't want to do. We are not going to become a health insurance company. We're not going to get into drugs or devices. We're not going to get into the hospital business, so healthcare service is a bit more narrowly defined than you might otherwise think. And finally, in terms of your question about scale, we're not looking at multi-billion-dollar deal, so we don't have a specific range. But I think it is safe to say, you're not going to see something at or near the scale of the DMG transaction.
Joel Ackerman: Sure, so what we have said and continue to believe, first is we will pay down debt. We haven't changed our guidance around the range. And we expect to pay debt down to get back into the - our traditional range. Second, the majority of the remainder will be used for share repurchases.
Joel Ackerman: So it's a complicated number, because after the deal closes there may be a period of distortion. How the share buybacks play out in reality remains to be seen and there's certainly a possibility that we will keep cash on the balance sheet to facilitate that over time, because the leverage level that we've talked about are always net, net of cash that excess cash on the balance sheet could create some distortion. But normalizing for that, we - again, we expect to be in that 3 to 3.5 range. Where exactly in that range we wind up remains to be determined over time.
Joel Ackerman: So I think it is safe to think of the continuing operation number that we are guiding you to as the forward runway - forward run rate, excuse me. We have worked hard and we will continue to work hard to ensure that there are no material stranded costs or dissynergies associated with the sale of DMG.
Joel Ackerman: So in terms of how we think about capital deployment, look, we've got a very structured approach to how we think about capital and whether it drives a wide growth and appropriate return on capital. The development is the biggest component of that is building new clinics. And those historically have been a high return on capital investment for us. So I don't know that a whole lot has changed around that.
Joel Ackerman: So no. It doesn't change the view of international growth. I would split the growth into two components, revenue growth and OI growth. The revenue growth as you can see from the reported results continues to be relatively high from an OI perspective, which is probably what you're more interesting of, and we standby what we've said last quarter, which is we expect to get to breakeven in the later part of 2018. So from a year-over-year perspective, you'll see significant growth.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, I think the way that we've talked about Rx right now will hold, which is the changes we had from 2016 to 2017 will be in our run rate. And then of course, because of all the things that we've explained in the past, I won't go through each and every other category. And so we - of course, we're monitoring all the things are happening in the pharma space, and as you know some drugs will go generic and so on and so forth. So we will monitor what that does to our economic model. But we of course keep going back to the clinical piece of it, and how much we like it when our patients have 10 prescriptions and 20 pills medication management is a real gift to us. But of course, we have to make the economic model work.
Joel Ackerman: No. What I'm saying is that the environment is quite dynamic. And we will continue to monitor it and adjust, but we continue to like the story that it's for the patient and managing this, and of course, we have to make the economics works for all our constituents.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah. So I don't think we commented from that angle of saying, how are we going to redeploy cash that we might have deployed somewhere else. It's much more of a question of what are the options for this cash flow between paying down debt returning to the shareholders making new investments or investing in Kidney Care. So that's the angle we commented from. And with all those angles we use kind of a similar lens, which says, is this kind of drive OI growth and is this going to drive attractive risk adjusted returns on capital.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, thanks, Lisa. Your numbers that you recited are the numbers that we disclosed several months ago. And we're not going to keep updating those. Those numbers are pretty stable. So there is not a big story in those numbers, is probably the right way to think about it. And as it relates to a rule, as I said in the earlier comments, we're not seeing a lot. The one thing, the one dynamic that really appears, that momentum is that both providers and government would like clarity as to how we provide the education. And so, we all want to do it the right way. And so, we will see how - what vehicle that comes in. But we don't have any additional information as to whether there is going to be rule making or not.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, and we would like the PATIENTS Act. And if the bill passes, actually it has to start in 2019. So it would be pretty much a very quick ramp-up. If the PATIENTS Act doesn't pass, we of course, will stare at the options, whether we want to grow the ESCOs or not. Right now, the ESCO enrollment is not open. And so, we will have to see what CMS guides us on and where we stand if we don't get the PATIENTS Act.
Joel Ackerman: No, and for all the reasons I said it earlier in the conversation, which is there is a lot of variables right now for us to be helpful. But it is included in our guidance with all the normal handicapping we do to the numbers.
Joel Ackerman: Yeah, we have not guided on revenue per treatment and we're not going to start right now. So I think the best thing to do is just keep to the OI range for now.
Joel Ackerman: No, it's a little early. And of course, there's a lot of play out before now and then. And as you know, these things can heat up or die down. And so, the number could be quite drastically different depending on the scenario.
Joel Ackerman: It really is a couple of reasons that are quite straightforward. First, the CBO prioritizes stuff and with all the major legislative disputes and issues with tax reform, and all the stuff around healthcare, and the summer and the rest, and these people coming up with proposal after proposal after proposal. Everyone one of those sucks all the oxygen out of the room. And when there is not regular order, most of this stuff is typically done in very sort of a hectic, frenetic ways. And then, there's a huge amount of organizational fatigue and a huge queue of proposals. So that's one. The second is that the PATIENTS Act involves some pretty significant numbers and pretty significant complexity. It's really transforming an entire segment that has that potential. And so, it just deserves extra levels of rigor and sort of analyzing all the interdependencies about from both the policy and predicted behavioral point of view. It's not as simple as a lot of other legislation about changing something with a drug or changing something on readmission, reimbursement or whatever else. And so, it requires a lot of iteration. And, I guess, that's the third thing I will say. It's not as if they haven't been working on it or they haven't been communicating. There's been a huge amount of interaction between our congressional champions and the CBO, and between us and our congressional champions. And so, it's getting a huge amount of high quality of attention. It isn't sitting in the closet.
John Ransom: Hey, good afternoon. A couple of things for me, I may have missed it. But did you call of this pharmacy? How should we think about the pharmacy year-over-year comparisons, and your 2018 guidance versus your 2017? You mentioned that was a tough year for that business.
John Ransom: So in other words very minimal EBITDA in 2018 not much 2017, so the macro environment, you're really not able to may contribute that, just given some of the issues in the macro environment? I don't mean to put words in your mouth, but that's what I think I heard you saying.
John Ransom: Okay. The second question is, I mean, this is a tougher sounding question and I mean it, but just looking at the pharmacy, looking at international, looking at DMG, looking at international - yeah, I said international. It's hard to conclude that any of that has just been wonderful success. So when you stray outside your core. So I guess, I'm just wondering why you think the aforetime will be the charm as you start looking at other areas of healthcare service? I know you rolled out a bunch of stuff, but it doesn't look like that has been a great experience so far. But, look, I know people who have been married five times. So there's always hope. I just was wondering what lessons learned, and why you want to go back to that particularly well.
John Ransom: It's a lot easier to [see it from the help without the regard for facts to get off it and in my life quite frankly] [ph]. All right, I understand. All right, thanks so much. That's all for me.
